Am I pregnant?	Am I pregnant or not?	Why do people still think the the world is flat?	Why are there still people who believe the world is flat?	How can I increase traffic on my blog?	What are the best way to increase website traffic organically?	Why does Quora prompt a question mark?	Why does Quora insist on putting a question mark at the end of each question?	I have vitiligo. Is there any cure for it or is there a medication for it?	Is there any cure for vitiligo?	How does a selfie stick works with an Android phone?	How do selfie stick works for Android?	How I can speak English with fluency?	How can you speak and learn fluent English like Karan Johar?	Why India fails to get medals in Olympics?	Why does India perform so poorly at the Olympics?	How does the HP OfficeJet 4620 Airprint compare to the HP Color LaserJet Pro M452dw?	How does the HP OfficeJet 4620 Airprint compare to the HP LaserJet Enterprise M606x?	How do I get my mom to say yes to anything?	How can you get your mom to say yes?	What are some good ways to improve mathematics for competitive programming?	How do I get good at math for competitive programming?	Do girls prefer bad boys or gentlemen? Or both?	How can girls prefer bad boys more than kind gentlemen?	What made Tata group chairman Cyrus Mistry to quit?	Why was Cyrus Mistry removed from the chairmanship of Tata Sons?	What is a reflex action?	What is reflex action?	What are some ideas to get up early in the morning?	What should I do to get up early in the morning?	Why is the Many Worlds Theory deterministic?	Why is the Many World Theory deterministic?	Where can I hire a real bad ass hacker?	How do I hire a legit hacker?	What are the safety precautions on handling shotguns proposed by the NRA in Washington?	What are the safety precautions on handling shotguns proposed by the NRA in Montana?	When should I stop using the teeth gap bands on my teeth?	When should I stop using the gap teeth bands on my teeth?	Can gay people attain enlightenment?	Can gay people attain spiritual enlightenment?	Why does the Indian education system suck?	What is the major problem with Indian education system?	India: Are there any viable ways to retrieve black money?	How can we retrieve black money stashed abroad?	Which is the best movie of 2016?	What is the best latest movie?	what do people think of Chinese people?	What is your impression of Chinese people?	How do we know that nothing can travel faster than the speed of light?	Is it true that nothing can travel faster than light? Or was that idea made up?	Why is committing suicide illegal?	Why is suicide illegal?	What is the rationale behind introducing 2000 rupee notes?	What is the reason behind introducing Rs 2000 notes instead of Rs 1000?	What are some of the best resources online to learn German?	What are the best online resources to learn the German language?	What are some examples of social justice issues in Europe?	What are some examples of issues with social justice in Europe?	How much do artists generally get paid for music festivals?	How much do musicians get paid for playing at festivals?	Can I upload part of anime videos on YouTube and monetize it without copyright issue?	How do I upload YouTube videos which have copyright issues if I want to monetize them?	Who is the most inspiring person to you?	Who is the most inspirational person and how?	How do you become more disciplined?	What are the ways to become disciplined?	Can I see who viewed my videos on Instagram?	How do you know who viewed you video on Instagram?	What is Balance of payment?	What is balance of payments?	How can I convert a decimal to a radian?	What is the correct way to convert decimal to radians?	What caused the Korean War and what were the effects?	When did the Korean war resulted? What were the main causes?	"How to make money?"	How can I make my money make money?	How can I find best budget hotels in Haridwar for accommodation in this new year eve pick season?	How can I find best budget hotels in Haridwar for accommodation in this new year eve?	Why are some of my questions being marked as "Needs Improvement" no matter what I do to improve it?	All of my questions are marked "needs improvement." Why?	Can u tell me some best website to keep online journal/diary?	What is the best website for online diary writing?	What is best smartphone in the smartphone industry right now?	Which is the best smartphone right now and why?	Why does the sun rise in the the East and set in the West?	Why does the Sun rise from the East?	Can you Suggest me a good thriller book?	What good thriller books would you recommend?	What are the symptoms of borderline personality disorder?	What are distinct symptoms of borderline personality disorder?	Where can I hire a hacker?	Where can I find a good hacker?	What do you think of the decision by the Indian Government to demonetize 500 and 1000 rupee notes?	How is the decision made by Indian Govt to demonetize ₹500 and ₹1000 is useful?	What all preparation do I need to do to clear the CAT in 2017?	How would I stratify my preparations for the CAT 2017?	Can you get a virus on a iPhone?	Can you get a virus on the iPhone?	Why do people believe in heaven and hell?	Do you believe there is a Heaven and a Hell out there? Why or why not?	Is India a single or dual citizenship?	Does india allow dual citizenship?	How do I enhance my English?	How can I improve my communication skills in English?	Why is religion bad?	Is religion bad for you?	What is the best CPM ad network?	Which are the best CPM ad networks?	How can you tell if someone is tracking your phone?	How can I tell if my girlfriend is tracking my phone?	What is the best way to make money as a 15 year old?	How can I make money as a 15 year old?	What are the cons of the TPP?	What are the negative consequences of TPP?	Is there any chance of World War III?	Is World War III coming?	How do I hire a good Private investigator?	How do I find a good private investigator?	What is the effect of demonetization of 500 and 1000 rupees note?	Why Indian government abruptly announced the demonetization of 500 and 1000 rupees currency?	What do you think of the book "why nations fail"?	What do you think about the book "Why Nations Fail"?	How are boundaries understood between various oceans?	How arbitrary are the divisions between the oceans?	Can you convince me to vote for Donald Trump?	Why should someone vote for Trump?	What will happen to India if Donald Trump wins?	What it means for India if Donald Trump win?	Do you believe there are aliens on Earth?	Do you believe aliens have ever visited earth?	Where do I find a simple to understand solution on how to lose weight?	What is a good diet to lose weight?	What are some uses of GitHub for a non programmer?	How do I use GitHub as a non programmer?	Is it likely that animals also experience mental illnesses?	Can animals have mental illnesses?	Where can I get best legal support for property transaction in Sydney?	Where can I get best services in property transactions across the Sydney?	What is the diet of the weasel?	What are the eating habits of a weasel?	What are your thoughts about the minimum wage increase?	Economics: What are the pros and cons of raising the minimum wage in the US?	What is ultimate happiness for you?	What is the ultimate enjoyment in life?	What is love in its purest form?	What is the purest form of love?	How can I lose weight loss?	How can I lose weight at age 55?	What is the best and fast way to make money?	What are fast ways to make money?	What is the best album of 2015?	What are the best albums released in 2015?	What is your view/opinion about Salman Khan throwing Priyanka Jagga out of the Bigg Boss house?	What's your view on Salman Khan throwing Priyanka Jagga out of the Bigg Boss house?	What are the differences between Shia & Sunni sects of Muslims?	What are the differences between Shia and Sunni Muslims?	How does my food become kosher?	How is food deemed kosher?	Who is the most versatile but underrated actress in Bollywood?	Who is Bollywood's most underrated actor?	What are the best flirting stories?	What is your best flirting story?	What is the best method to learn new language?	What is the best way to learn any new foreign language?	Which is the most loved club in Indian Super League?	Which Indian Super League Team has the widest fan base? Which team has the most passionate fans in the league?	Which in the best bicycle to buy under 15k?	Which is the best bicycle for bangalore under 15k?	How does the ban on 500 and 1000 rupee notes helps to identify black money and corruption?	How will banning the present 500/1000 notes fight black money if it can be exchanged?	How does one get Facebook to reset your account when your Facebook account is hacked AND your email is hacked?	How can I deactivate a Facebook account if I forgot the email address and the password?	What are causes of having oily face?	What are the causes of a very oily face?	What is the difference between coincidence and luck?	What is the difference between luck and coincident?	What happens after we die?	What happen when we die?	How many of Quora answers are actually made-up stories or lies?	How many of Quora answers based on personal experiences are made up?	Can someone hack my smart phone using WhatsApp?	Is there any way to hack WhatsApp using web.whatsapp?	What is the best place to visit in Kerala in June?	Which is the best tourist place in Kerala?	What's Linux?	What is the use of Linux?	What are the best ways to lose weight?	How do I actually lose weight?	Which are the most frequently asked HR questions?	Which are the most common HR questions asked in interview?	Is it safe to eat a raw egg? Why or why not?	How safe is it to eat raw eggs?	Why is the world unfair?	Why is the world so unfair?	Are your taxes checked to see if you qualify for food stamp benefits?	Are your taxes checked to see if you qualify for food stamps?	How do I gain some healthy weight?	How to gain weight ?	Are there any celebs on Quora?	Who are some celebrity users of Quora?	How do I stop myself from hating people?	How do I stop resenting and hating someone?	What does it feel like to have Asperger's Syndrome?	What is it like to live with Asperger syndrome?	How do I increase our height after 21?	Does height increase after 21? How can I get taller?	How can I lose face fat? (fat around my mouth)	What is the best way to get rid of face fat?	What are non-renewable resources? What are examples of this?	What are examples of non-renewable resources?	Is Spotify not available in India?	When will Spotify launch in India?	What are the best topics for seminars?	What are the best topics for a seminar?	Why is the shape of the known universe not sphere?	Shouldn’t the shape of the universe be a 3D sphere?	Can humans be immortal?	Can humans become immortal?	What is web design? Any introduction?	What is web designing introduction?	To what extent can people justify if an action is ethically right or wrong?	To what extent can people justify if an action is ethically correct or incorrect?	I have lost my account on WhatsApp. How can I get it back on my phone?	How do I get back my old WhatsApp account?	How do I control on masturbation?	How can one control the urge to masturbate?	Why do I feel as if I'm going to die and leave everyone?	Why do I feel like I'm going to die soon?	How can I increase the traffic to a website?	How can I drive more traffic to my website?	How does world end?	How and when is the world going to end?	How long does meth stay detectable in the body through testing?	How long does crystal meth stay in your system?	What is the best thing to do to start being involved in open source projects?	How do I get involved in open source?	How does Scribd make money?	How much Scribd and goodreads make money?	What are the importances of information literacy?	What is the importance of information literacy?	Is the Bible copyrighted?	Why does the Bible have a copyright in it?	What are some possible systematic errors in a gravitational acceleration experiment.?	What are some possible systematic errors in a gravitational acceleration experiment?	How do live in present moment?	How do I LIVE in the PRESENT MOMENT?	How did you make the world a better place today?	How can WE TOGETHER Make the World a Better Place?	How do I file for divorce in California?	How can I file for an uncontested divorce in California?	What are the applications of quantum mechanics?	What are the practical applications of quantum mechanics?	What causes war?	What is the main reason for war?	How do I know who viewed my WhatsApp display pic?	Can I know who visited my whatsapp profile?	What is the best way for making money online?	What is make money online?	Is your birthday important in your life?	How important is your birthday for you?	Can I crack protected wifi network?	How can I crack a WiFi router password? How can I hack my mother's WiFi?	What is the best Android smartphone?	What is the best Android smartphone ever?	How do ticks get inside my dog's ears?	How do ticks get inside a dog's ear?	What happens in "Mela"?	What is 'Khejarli Mela' and what happens there?	What are the companies whose stocks are worth buying right now?	What stocks are a good buy now?	How I can earn lots of money?	How can I earn money?	Muslims generally do not support the LGBT community. Why are conservatives considered bigoted but not Muslims by liberals?	Why do liberals oppose conservatives but support Muslims who tend to be conservative?	How can one earn money on Quora?	Can we earn money through Quora?	What is the averge penis size?	What is the penis average size?	How do I know who my spouse is texting?	How do I spy on my spouse text?	What makes a perfect pizza?	What makes a good pizza?	What do you think of the move of banning 500 and 1000 rupee notes in India (Nov 2016)?	What do you think about Modi government banning 500 & 1000 currency note from 9th November?	What is the best to do list app?	Which is the best task manager and reminder app?	How long does crystal meth stay in your system?	If I smoked meth for a month how long for a UA to show clean?	What I should I do to improve my Resume?	How can I build and improve my resume?	How did Donald trump win?	How can Donald Trump win the elections when people hate him so much?	Why’s watching and playing snooker different?	Why would watching snooker be different to playing it?	Can I use relience Jio sim in 3G mobile?	Can I use Jio SIM in 3G?	What is the probability of life outside Earth?	How likely is it that life forms exist outside Earth?	Can a girl get pregnant after her last day of periods?	Is the fertilization is possible on first day after periods?	Which is your favourite Tv serial?	Which is your favourite TV series and why is that so?	Is 5'2.5 tall for an 11 year old?	Is 5'3 tall for an 11 year old?	What is the difference between sum and addition?	What is the relationship between sum and addition?	What are the benefits of issuing rs. 2000 note in India?	What is that good logical reason behind scrapping the 1000 Rs. note and introducing the 2000 Rs. note?	What mental or personality disorder is Donald Trump most likely to suffer from?	Have there every been any mental stability issues in Donald Trump life?	How do I recover Gmail password without user knowing?	How do I recover my Gmail account password without a recovery email or the security question 2?	How can an email account get hacked?	How can an email account get hacked? How can I prevent this from happening?	Is there a way to forget the one you loved the most?	How can I forget the one that I love?	What are the primary tenets of Buddhism?	What are the main tenets of Buddhism?	How can I increase my communication skills?	How can I improve my communication skills?	What is a mainframe?	What is mainframe?	Which is the best movie download site?	What is the best site to download films?	What is efficient market?	What is an efficient financial market?	What are some of the evidences which proove that aliens do exist?	Is there any public evidence that proves aliens do exist?	Can you suggest a best budget phone below 15k?	Which phone is best to buy under 15k?	What was your AIR Rank in GATE 2016?	What was your AIR in GATE 2016?	Has anyone ever had purple eyes?	Are there any humans who have naturally purple eyes?	What should I do if an unknown number keeps calling and hanging up?	What should I do if an unknown number keeps on calling me?	What are some best pictures taken by you while traveling?	Which is your best picture taken while traveling?	Why did Arnab Goswami resign from Times Now?	Why did Arnab Goswami quit TIMES NOW?	Why did RBI issue new 2000 rupees note instead of new 1000 rupees note?	Why is the Indian government introduced 2000 note instead of 1000 note?	How do I get internship at Google?	How can I get an internship at Google?	What is the electricity price in China?	What is the price of electricity in China?	What is the best career option for an electrical engineer who is interested in coding?	What are the career options for an electrical and electronics engineer in the IOT field?	How do I get better at math?	How can I excel at math?	What are the best five star hotels in Jaipur?	What are some five star hotel in Jaipur?	How can I get good business ideas?	What are the best ways to generate good business ideas?	How can I hack WhatsApp account remotely?	Where do I start if I want to hack someone's WhatsApp conversations?	Which are the best earphones under 600?	Which is the best earphones to buy under Rs.600?	What is SATs?	What are the SATs?	What are the best books for Java beginners?	What are great books to learn java from?	What does it feel like for a women to have sex?	What do most women feel during sex?	What is George Carlin's best rant?	What are George Carlin's best jokes?	What actually is the purpose of life?	What should the purpose of your life?	Is being transgender considered a delusion under psychological terms?	How is being transgender not a mental illness?	What is the best IQ tests?	What are some of the best IQ tests available?	Why are people in Hong Kong so Rude?	Why are people in Hong Kong rude?	What is a good way to become motivated?	How do I stay motivated?	How can you go about making new friends?	How should I go about making new friends and meeting more people with similar interests?	What movie is the best movie of 2016?	Which is the best movie 2016?	How do I upload my profile picture on Quora?	How do I change my profile photo in here on Quora?	What should I do if my dog is throwing up yellow/white liquid/foam?	What does it mean if my dog is throwing up white foam?	What was the best way you've ever seen a teacher eradicate bullying in their class?	Have you ever seen the teacher completely own the class bully?	Where can I get moving services in Central Coast?	Where can I get most reliable moving services in Central Coast?	What am I missing if I don't have a boyfriend?	What am I missing out on in life if I don't have a boyfriend?	What was the reason for Mahatma Gandhi's assassination by nathuram godse?	What is the truth behind Mahatma Gandhi's murder by Godse?	How do I reduce weight rapidly?	How can I lose weight ?	Does Marijuana cause cancer or lung problems like any other thing you smoke?	Can smoking marijuana cause cancer?	Why the Modi government ban the 500 and 1000 notes?	Why do you think Indian government has demolished RS 500 and RS 1000 notes?	Do the Chinese and Japanese actually hate each other?	Do Japanese really hate Chinese people?	How do springboks jump so high?	Why do springboks jump?	What changes can one expect in CAT 2016?	What are the Changes in CAT 2016?	How can I contact Instagram regarding my hacked account?	How can I contact Instagram regarding compromised account?	What is the best way to start learn hacking?	From where shall I start to learn hacking?	What are the most important vitamins a 34 year old healthy male should take?	What vitamins or supplements should a healthy 35 year old man be taking daily?	Why are birthdays so special?	Why do people find their birthday very special?	Why was an owl chosen as the Duolingo mascot?	Why would the owl chosen as the mascot of Duolingo?	Why can't India implement a one/two-children policy like China's one-child policy to reduce the population growth?	Is it possible to impose a one-child policy in India to effectively control population growth?	What are some must visit places for food lovers in Pune?	Which are the must visit places in Pune for a foodie?	What is a good starter camera for a new photographer?	What is the best camera for a photography starter at an affordable price?	What are some of the best jokes?	What is the best joke ever heard?	How do I lose weight ayurvedically?	How do I lose 15 kilos?	What are the main components of a computer? How do they work together?	What are some components of a computer?	When will Spotify launch it's services in INDIA?	When will Spotify launch in India?	How does Viners make money?	How do Viners make money?	Why my question was marked as needing imrovement?	Quora: How to ask question on Quora so that it wont get marked as needing improvement?	Should i join TCS or drop a year and prepare for CAT?	Should I drop 1 year after a BE for CAT preparation?	What is the biggest lesson you learned from life?	What has been the biggest lesson you've learned in your life?	What is your new year resolution for 2017 or goal for 2017?	What is your resolution for 2017?	Why do you like chinese food?	Why do you like (or dislike) Chinese food?	Is India in bidding to host the 2024 Olympics games?	Is India going to bid for the 2024 Olympics?	Who was the happiest character in the Mahabharata?	Who is the most happiest character in Mahabharata?	Why doesn’t anybody answer my questions on Quora?	Why is nobody answering my questions in Quora?	What are the top three travel books of all time?	What are the best travel novels of all time?	How can eating meat end my life?	How can eating meat end your life?	Can i get pregnant the day after my period ends?	Can you get pregnant 8 days before your period?	Which season spoils the yield of the harvested crops?	Which season spoils the yield of harvested crops?	Can you be addicted to music?	Can someone be addicted to music?	Why is anal sex so enjoyable?	How enjoyable is anal sex?	Is the pediatric age limit 16 in the UK?	Why is the pediatric age limit 16 in the UK?	If more vacuum gravitational and dark energy is created as universe expands can infinite of these be created as they appear without limit?	If dark energy is being created with expansion can infinite of it be created?	How do you know if you're in love?	How do you know if you're in love with someone and might only be denying the fact to yourself?	What is the most time efficient and effective way to study?	What is the most efficient and effective way to study?	What is black money and how can it effect the economy of a country?	How does black money impact a nation's economy?	What is the one thing about men women dislike the most?	What are some of the things women dislike about men?	How much money do investment bankers make?	How much an investment banker get paid?	Why is Manaphy very ugly in Pokémon Ranger and the Temple of the Sea?	Why is Manaphy an ugly baby pokemon in the movie?	What are the best gadgets to buy in 2016 that most people don't know about?	What are some mind-blowing gadgets and technologies that exist that most people don't know about?	What does calligraphy? Why is it important?	Why is  calligraphy important?	Can I use Jio 4G sim in a 3G phone?	Can I use Jio sim in 3G smartphone?	Which is the best novel of Preeti shenoy?	What are the best novels of Preeti Shenoy?	How do I create a successful YouTube account?	How can I make a successful YouTube account?	What do you mean by enterprise level mobile application?	What do you mean by enterprise mobility solutions?	What are the financial goals to be set in our middle age?	What are the financial goals to be set when we are in the middle age?	What are the best ways to learn C programming language for beginners?	What's the best way to learn C programming language?	How long can I live without food?	How long can one survive working only without food?	What does the determinant of a Jacobian describe?	What does the determinant of a Jacobian matrix mean?	How can I become a cricketer?	How do I become a cricketer?	Where can I find a hacker?	How do I hire an ethical hacker?	Height: How would a 14 year old increase his height?	Can jumping and skipping increase height (I'm 16 year old male)?	Where can I get affordable building and pest inspection services in Blue Mountains?	Where can I get affordable Pest Control service in Blue Mountains?	What is the best way to teach children about money?	How would you teach your kids the value of money?	Which university is better UET vs NUST?	Which university is better between UET or NUST?	Which topic should I choose for a cool 5 min presentation?	Which topic should one do for a presentation of 5 minutes?	What's your 9/11 story?	What is your 9/11 story?	Why would some people suggest that there are more than two genders?	How come people are convinced there are more than two genders?	What is the perfect boyfriend?	How do I become the perfect boyfriend?	I made a Gmail account on an Android phone but I forgot the password. What should I do to recover my password?	How will I recover my Gmail if I forgot my password and I lost my phone recovery?	How do I start preparing for UPSC exam?	How can I start preparing for civil service examination?	Who is the worst actor in India?	Who is the worst Actor in Bollywood at present time?	What is the craziest thing you ever did on Quora?	What is the craziest thing you have done on Quora?	How can I make money online quickly and easily?	What are the easiest ways to make good money using the Internet?	How is it feels to climb Mount Everest?	How does it feel to have climbed Mount Everest?	Why are women sensitive about age?	Why are women so sensitive regarding their age?	What could have caused NatWest to close RT's UK bank account without giving any reason?	Is NatWest legally allowed to close RT's British bank accounts without providing any reasons for it?	How will I read my friend's WhatsApp texts without touching her phone?	How do I hack a Whatsapp of another user without having access to their phone?	Why Cyrus Mistry has been removed from Tata Group?	Why has the Tata sons board voted to remove Cyrus Mistry as chairperson?	How can I earn money by writing a blog?	How do you make money writing a blog?	What are the best ways to download YouTube videos?	How can I download YouTube videos & audios?	What is the average penis size of Indian men?	What is the average penis size in india?	What are some other sites like Quora?	What are some similar websites to Quora?	What should be my resolution for 2017?	What is your New Year's resolution for 2017?	What does the Trump presidency mean for the future of climate change?	What effect will Trump have on climate change?	What is the best method of losing weight?	What are the best ways to lose weight? What is the best diet plan?	How is Quora different?	Why is Quora unique?	What is the importance of SEO?	Why SEO is important for SEO?	How do I know if someone has read my messages on wickr?	How do I know if someone has read my wickr message?	Why am I unable to comment on other's answers?	Why can I not comment on certain answers?	How can I judge a girl?	What are the best ways to judge your girl?	Why is Spotify nott available in India?	Why doesn't Spotify work in India?	If universe is expanding without a limit and dark and vacuum energy are created as it expands…?	How is dark/vacuum energy created with the universe conserved if it is not conserved? Can infinite of these be created?	What is the best way to turn down someone whose affections you don't return?	How do I turn someone down nicely?	I am a writer and my dream is to write for a TV show. How can I get started doing this?	I am a writer and my dream is to write for a TV show. What is the best way to get started in this business?	What led to Cyrus Mistry ouster from TATA GROUP?	What was the reason behind the removal of Cyrus P. Mistry from the position of Chairman of The Tata group?	What is purpose of life?	What is the purpose of your life?	What is human rights in Ghana?	Human rights in ghana?	Is there any way to hack facebook account?	How can I hack somebody's Facebook account if that person is not added as a friend?	Is American democracy broken?	Is American democracy malfunctioning?	How do you sharpen a pencil sharpener blade?	How do you sharpen a pencil sharpener?	How can I activate my Reliance Jio SIM?	How do I activate Reliance Jio 4G?	Could a solar cell be used as a normal diode?	Can a solar cell be used as a normal diode?	How does the ban on 500 and 1000 rupee notes helps to identify black money and corruption?	Would demonetization of 500 and 1000 rupee notes actually help in curbing black money in India?	Why is China blocking the move at UN to ban Masood Azhar as terrorist?	Why does China keep on blocking India's bid to label Masood Azhar as a terrorist?	Is it possible to love more than one person at the same time?	Do you believe that you can be in love with two people at the same time?	Is it too late to go to medical school and become a doctor?	How old is too old to start medical school?	How do I get an internship in BEL?	How do I get an internship at BEL?	Does green tea really reduces weight?	Does green tea really help in losing weight?	How do you treat a pimple in the ear?	What's the best way to treat a painful pimple in your ear?	How can I control my emotions and actions?	How can I control my emotions?	Why did Khazars convert to Judaism? Judaism is not a proselytizing religion.	Why did some Khazars convert to Judaism?	Why doesn't honey spoil?	Does honey go off/spoil?	What are the best sites to book a hotel online?	What is the best site to book a hotel online?	How is the growth and life at TCS?	How is the growth at TCS?	What is the best book for beginners to learn java?	Which is best book for Java?	How can I get out of Quora?	How do get out of Quora?	What are the best indoor exercises to remove belly fat completely and lose weight in minimun time?	How can I lose belly fat without losing weight?	How would you describe your childhood?	How do you describe your childhood?	What are the repercussions of 500 and 1000 rupee notes not being legal tender anymore?	What will be the impact in the Indian economy of sudden 500 & 1000 rupee notes withdrawal of by the government?	How do I legally change my name in India? How long it will take to get a new name?	How can I change my name legally in India?	What are the differences between marketing and management?	What is the difference between marketing and management?	What should I do if I forgot my iCloud password?	How do I get my iCloud password?	How can one learn GK?	What is the best way to learn GK?	What is the most important lesson ever learned in your life?	What is the most important lesson you have learned from life?	How do you remove water from your ears?	How do I remove water from ear?	Who is the most underrated character in the Game of Thrones series?	Who is the most underrated character in Game of Thrones?	How can I ask a girl for her number?	How do I approach a girl and ask for her number?	Why is Donald Trump running for president?	Why do you think Donald Trump is running for President?	How the way to speak english fluently?	What is best way to learn English speaking?	What are the best career option for a Diploma holder in Electrical Engineering?	What is the best career option for an electrical engineer who is interested in coding?	How can a 14 year old buy stocks?	Can I buy stocks or invest in anything as a 14 year old?	Is Germany a fully sovereign country or are there any legal structures in place that allow the allied countries to exercise power over Germany?	Is Germany a fully sovereign country or are there any restrictions enforced by other countries?	What Should I Do With My AP English essay Mark?	What Should I Do About my AP English essay Mark?	Why are hotel bed sheets and pillows mostly white?	Why are hotel bedsheets and pillows mostly white?	What do people think about Anonymous?	What do you think about the 'Anonymous' option on Quora?	What are the best sites for torrent download?	What are the best torrent sites to download contents as kickass torrent has become offline?	How do I suceed in life?	What does it take to suceed in life?	How difficult is it to learn r programming for someone having no knowledge in computer programming?	How difficult is it to learn how to program in R if having no knowledge about statistics?	What’s the difference between outsourcing and offshoring?	What is the difference between outsourcing and offshoring?	Can I remove sun tan skin and back to my original skin?	How do I remove Sun tan?	What would have happened if The revolt of 1857 was successful?	What would have happened if the East India company was defeated in the 1857 Sepoy Mutiny?	Why did USA Nuke Japan?	Why did US nuked Japan?	How can I surf websites which are blocked on my hostel wi-fi?	How can I surf all the websites which are blocked by my organization WIFi?	Which software can download a YouTube playlist?	Is there any way to download YouTube playlists?	Why do guys stare a lot at girls?	Why do guys stare at girls in public?	Daniel Ek: Why is Spotify not available in India?	Why doesn't Spotify work in India?	Where can I buy custom printed lanyards in Melbourne?	Where can I get carefully designed promotional lanyards in Melbourne?	What are the top 20 CA firms in bangalore?	What are the best CA firms in Bangalore?	Why haven't humans gone beyond low-Earth orbit for over 40 years?	Why hasn't anyone landed on the Moon in over 40 years?	How can one develop logical thinking?	What are the effective ways to improve our logical thinking?	Have mages been scientifically tested?	Have sorcerers been scientifically tested?	What is your biggest regret?	What's your biggest regret in life?	Who is going to win the 2016 US presidential election? Why?	Who will win the 2016 U.S. presidential election and why?	What is going to happen to the value of rupee after 1000 and 500 rupees notes have been banned?	Will the value of rupee increase after the 500 and 1000 rupees notes are banned?	What types of skills do customer service associates typically need for their position?	What are some essential customer service skills?	How do plants produce oxygen?	How do plants produce oxygen during photosynthesis? Do all plants do this?	What are the best movie scenes ever? What makes them stand out?	What are the best scenes in movie history?	What is wrong with secularism in India?	What are your views about Secularism in India?	How do I stop over masturbation?	How do I stop addiction to porn?	How do you buy a used car?	How do I buy a used car?	What business can I start with Rs.1 lakh?	Which business I can start with a capital of Rs. 1 Lakh?	"Which is better One Plus Three or Samsung Galaxy A7 (2016)?"	Which is better smartphone to buy: Samsung Galaxy A7 (2016) or Oneplus 3?	Why do I dream every single time I sleep?	Why do I dream every night?	Why is my dog licking his penis?	Why is my dog licking everything?	What is an organization?	What is organization?	How do I know if I have a child?	How do I know that I have a child?	What is the difference between network and Networking?	What is the basic difference between network and networking?	Have you ever had a lucid dream? If you what was it like?	What can you do in a lucid dream?	Is Hillary Clinton a habitual liar?	Why is Hillary Clinton a pathological liar?	Have you ever experienced a moment and thought that this exact moment has happened before?	Have anyone experienced a moment and thought that the exact moment has happened before?	Why do dogs pee on vehicle tyres?	Why do dogs prefer to piss on tyres?	What can hamsters eat besides hamster food?	Can hamsters eat cheese?	How can I be indifferent to what people think of me?	How can one stop caring about what people say or think about them?	Have the Ancient Chaldeans been scientifically tested?	Has Ancient Egypt been scientifically tested?	What are the best ways to speed up my computer?	How do I speed up my laptop?	Can humans become immortal?	Can we be immortal?	How do I increase my followers on Instagram?	How will I boost my likes on Instagram?	Why are girls so complicated?	Why are girls so complicated at times?	How do I make a woman squirt?	How can I make her squirt?	How do I prepare for the BITSAT and JEE Advanced simultaneously?	Can I prepare for JEE advanced and BITSAT simultaneously?	How can I make my life beautiful and enjoyable?	How can I make my life a beautiful artwork?	Should I have the right to end my own life?	Should people have the right to take their own life?	What is need for business articulation?	What is the need for business articulation?	How can I add more topics here in Quora?	How do I add more topics into my Quora feed?	How reliable are lie detector tests?	How reliable are lie detector tests in 2016?	Why there are people who still believe that earth is flat?	Why do some people today still believe that the Earth is flat? What evidence has convinced them that this is so?	How will the new currency notes of denomination 500 and 2000 curb black money?	Replacing 500 and 1000 notes- how will this move reduce black money?	Which is the best institute for PL/SQL in Pune?	Which is the best training institute in Pune for PL/SQL?	What are the hardest working animals?	What are the hardest working animals and why?	What is the best country to live in and why?	What's the greatest country in the world and why?	What is the best hotel in London?	What are the best hotels in London?	What led to Cyrus Mistry ouster from TATA GROUP?	Why was Cyrus Mistry removed as the Chairman of Tata Sons?	What was the most embarrassing moment in front of your girlfriend?	What is the embrassing moment in front of your crush?	How does spicy food burn fat	Does eating spicy food burn more calories?	Can you see who views your Instagram videos?	Can you see who views your videos in Instagram?	What does sex feel like for men?	What does sex feel like from a man's prespective?	How can changing 500 and 1000 rupee notes end the black money in India?	How effective is scrapping 500 and 1000 rupee notes? Will it reduce black money?	Which changes our education system needs?	Does our education system need a reform?	Is it worth subscribing to Amazon Kindle Unlimited in India?	Is paying for kindle unlimited in India worth it?	What is the one thing that scares you the most?	What scares you the most?	How can I use Quora to prepare for bank exams like SBI PO and IBPS PO?	How do prepare the prelims exam of IBPS PO?	Is time travel possible? If yes? How?	Could time travel be possible?	How people crack the civil services exam in their first attempt?	How do I crack the civil service exam for the first time?	Why is the Internet so slow in China and what can be done to speed it up?	Why is the Internet in China so slow?	Which is the best coaching for CAT in Chennai?	Which is the best CAT coaching institute in chennai with good faculty and study material?	What are some interesting things to do when bored?	Any ideas on what to do if I'm bored?	Why can't I comment anonymously on Quora?	Why can't I comment anonymously on Quora answers?	What are some of the funniest jokes you've ever heard?	What is the funniest joke you ever heard?	Is NIIT Delhi good for a digital marketing course?	What is the scope of digital marketing in India for an MBA marketing student?	Should we question everything?	Why should we question everything?	What is your view/opinion about Akhilesh Yadav being expelled from Samajwadi Party?	Why did Mulayam Singh Yadav expel Akhilesh Yadav from the Samajwadi Party for 6 years?	What can I do to improve my English speaking?	How can I be a native English speaker?	Does moderately severe depression qualify for an ESA?	Does moderately severe depression qualify you for an ESA?	What is your review of Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them (based on J. K. Rowling's book 'Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them') (2016 movie)?	What did you think of the Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them movie?	How can I get an investor for my startup?	How can I find investors for my tech startup?	What is the rationale behind introducing 2000 rupee notes?	Why did Modi introduce a 2000 rupee note?	Which is best website for blogs?	Is there a best website for blogs?	What is the best site on the Internet?	Which are the best sites in Internet?	What are some vector quantities? What is difference between scaler quantity and vector quantity?	What is difference between scaler quantity and vector quantity?	Is there any chance of World War III?	Is World War 3 coming?	Should I talk to my ex girlfriend?	Can I talk to my ex girlfriend?	I'm 18. How can I make money online?	What is the easiest way to make a little money online?	What is the qualification required for appearing in the GMAT?	What are the qualifications for GMAT?	How do I discover what is the minimum amount of sleep I need to function well?	What is the least amount of sleep I need to survive?	Why is underwater welding so dangerous?	Is it dangerous to be an underwater welder?	What is the value of human life?	What’s the value of your life?	What is the best option after an M.E.?	What is the best option after a bachelor's: an M.E or an MBA?	What's the reason when a man feels awkward to a certain woman?	What is/are the reason/s when a man feel/s awkward/shy/uncomfortable to certain woman?	How is time travel possible?	Is time travel possible then after how long time?	Does anybody now regret voting for Kejriwal in Delhi?	Do Delhiites regret voting for Kejriwal?	How much does it cost to get a master's degree in computer science in USA?	How much will I be spending for pursuing MS in computer science in the US including all the expenditure?	How can I ask the right questions?	How do I ask the right questions in professional and personal life?	What startups are hiring in bengaluru?	What startups in bengaluru are hiring?	Where can I get high quality service for carpenter ants in Bronte?	Where can I get high quality service for ant control in Bronte?	What is GST and how would it affect common man?	How will the GST affect the common man in India?	How do I get an iPhone for free?	How do I get a free Iphone 7?	What will be the last few things you would like to do if you knew these were the last 24 hours of the world?	What will you do during the last 24 hours of your life?	Robert Frost: How do astronauts practise working in zero gravity on Earth?	How do they train astronauts for zero gravity situations? How can zero gravity be created on Earth?	How do I reduce my weight?	How can I lose an extreme amount of weight?	Why do people ask questions on Quora that are easily to find answers too on Google?	Why are so many Quora questions about factual information that the questioner could easily look up?	What is shell scripting?	What is a shell script?	How can I get a jio sim?	How do I get my jio sim card number?	How do you make melodies?	How do you make melody?	What SHOULD it mean to be human?	What is the meaning of being human?	Why need charge 8 hours for new mobile battery?	Is charging a new phone for 8 hours a fact or myth?	How do I overcome laziness and ego?	How can I overcome the procrastination?	What's the best app for learning Chinese?	Which are the best apps for learning Chinese?	How do I gain weight in naturally way?	How can I gain weight?	Why does Quora always mark my questions as needing improvement?	Why does Quora always mark my question as needing clarification but does not specify the reason?	How many 12 digit numbers have the sum of digits as 4?	How many 12 digits number have the sum of 4?	Is it better to run/work out in the morning or in the evening?	Is it better to work out at night or in the morning?	What does it mean to be a movie director in India?	What it is like to be a movie director in India?	How was the KVPY 2016 SX stream?	How difficult was KVPY SX 2016?	How much cash can I deposit into my NRO account?	How much cash can be deposited in an NRO account?	What is an example of an essay about integrity?	How can I write an essay about integrity?	When did you realise you have grown up?	When did you first realize you've grown up?	What is a good substitute for soy sauce in a recipe?	What is a good soy sauce substitute?	How do you write a resume without without any previous work/ internship experience?	How do you write a resume if you've never had any job experience?	Which oil is best for cooking?	Which oil is good for cooking?	What are the career opportunities in companies after an M.Tech in aerospace engineering with a B.Tech in mechanical engineering?	How will be my career if I chose MBA after b.tech in mechanical engineering?	How do I increase stamina in football?	How can I improve my stamina especially at football?	If you think about someone does that mean they're thinking about you?	If you think about someone are they thinking of you?	What would be the expected cutoff for ntse stage 1 Maharashtra 2016 ?	What may be the expected cutoff for NSTE stage 1 for Maharashtra?	What are some interesting techie novels like "The Cuckoo's egg" ?	What are some interesting techie novels like "The Cuckoo's egg"?	What are Donald Trump's chances against Hillary Clinton in a general election?	Do you think Donald Trump or Hillary Clinton will be the next president of the US?	How can you delete your Yahoo mail account?	How can you terminate your Yahoo e-mail account?	I'm gay and I love a guy at school. But I don't know if he's gay. How do I find out if he's gay?	How do you find out whether a hot guy is gay?	What is the best interior design school in Bangalore?	Which is the best interior designing school in Bangalore?	Why the hell does Quora mark all my questions as needed improvement?	Do people see questions that are marked as needing improvement?	How do I make money fast?	What is the best way to make money fast?	What are the side effects of Viagra?	What are side effects of vigara? First time users concern?	How do psychopaths feel emotions?	Do psychopaths have emotions?	How does it feel to be gay and Christian?	What's it like to be gay and a Christian?	What causes a twitching bicep?	What causes biceps to twitch?	What are the strengths and weaknesses of the advising system at Penn?	What are the strengths and weaknesses of the advising system at Penn State?	Can you convince me to vote for Donald Trump?	Why do you vote for Trump?	What is the secret of keeping a successful long distance relationship?	Does long distance relationship work?	How do I get my 13-year-old daughter interested in programming?	How can I use Minecraft to get my 13 year old interested in programming?	Where can I read free online books from?	Where can I read books online for free?	How do you know when your partner is cheating?	How do you know when your spouse is cheating?	Who are the likely Democratic candidates to run in 2020?	Who's a prospective Democratic candidate for 2020?	Can black hole be destroyed?	Can black hole ever be destroyed?	What was the happiest day of your life?	What’s the happiest day of your life? Why?	Which are the world's 10 most educated countries?	Which Country in the world has the most literate and educated citizens?	What is the best way to learn acting?	How do I learn acting?	Why are people afraid of dying when they do not know for certain what happens after death?	Why do I get so scared when I think about what happens after death?	Is Suicide Squad a good movie?	Can you write a review on Suicide Squad for me?	What are some mind-blowing facts about F.C. Barcelona?	What are some cool facts about FC Barcelona?	What is Angle of Attack and how does it relate to airplane stalling?	Aerodynamics: What is the role of Angle of Attack in airfoils?	Why is astronomy so important?	Why is astronomy important today?	Why do people ask so many Googleable questions on Quora?	Why don't people simply 'Google' instead of asking questions on Quora?	How can I shrink the size of my testicles?	How can I reduce the size of my testicles?	How do I create my blog on Quora?	How can I create a blog on Quora?	Why do people spend so much money on weddings in India?	Why do Indians spend so much money on weddings?	How can we meet to PM Narendra Modi?	How to meet Prime Minister Narendra Modi?	What should every Indian know about Indian politics?	What do you think every Indian should know about Indian Politics?	How can I get into a vlsi start up companies?	How do I get a job in the VLSI field?	What are symptoms of respiratory depression?	What is respiratory depression?	Which countries have nuclear weapons?	How many countries have nuclear weapons?	Do atheists realize their belief system is their religion?	Do Atheists realize that they are practicing a religion?	What is the sense of life?	What is the meaning of this life?	Can you get high by eating a few of the little THC crystals from a weed nugget?	Can you get high eating a few specks of weed accidentally?	Do you think time travel is possible?	When will time travelling (or at least time shifted vision) finally be possible?	Who has most followers on Quora Right now?	Which Quora user has the most followers?	Will the decision to demonetize 500 and 1000 rupee notes help to curb black money?	How would changing the 500 and 1000 currency notes help indian government in dealing with corruption?	How can I get rid of my acne caused by stress?	How do I get rid of acne and its spots?	What do world leaders think of a Trump presidency?	How do world leaders view the prospect of a Trump presidency?	What are some online ways of earning money?	What are the ways for earning money online?	How can I improve my writing skills and blog style?	How can one improve his writing skills?	Where can I find delicious cupcakes at Gold Coast?	Where can I buy best quality gourmet cupcakes in Gold Coast?	What are the biggest global macro hedge funds?	What are the top global macro hedge funds?	Who are the among the richest women in the world who got rich from marriage and divorce?	Who were/are some notable women who got rich from divorcing rich husbands?	Can I recover a deleted snapchat account?	How do I recover my snapchchat account?	Will life get better eventually?	Does life always get better?	Why is everyone on Quora obsessed with IQ?	Why does it seem like half of the questions on Quora are about your IQ?	Why does my girlfriend not want sex?	Why doesn't my girlfriend want to have sex?	How does a long distance relationship work?	Does long distance relationships actually work?	How can you find the purpose of human life?	How do I find the purpose of a life?	What are the safety precautions on handling shotguns proposed by the NRA in Vermont?	What are the safety precautions on handling shotguns proposed by the NRA in Hawaii?	What were the best questions asked in an interview?	What are some interesting questions asked in an interview?	What's the difference between Sociopaths and Psychopath?	What are the differences and similarities between a sociopath and a psychopath?	How astronauts makes free gravity training?	How do they train astronauts for zero gravity situations? How can zero gravity be created on Earth?	What are some good books on Signal and Systems?	What are the best Books for Signals And Systems?	How do I reduce weight rapidly?	What is the best way to reduce weight fast?	How do I recover my lost Gmail password if I don't have the same number and don't remember the recovery email?	How do I reset my password to Gmail without my recovery information?	What is the reason behind the sudden discontinuance of 500 and 1000 notes by PM Modi?	Why are 500 and 1000 notes being banned in India?	Which are the best books to learn C?	What are the best book to learn C#?	What are the best Hollywood movies ever?	What are the best top 10 movies of Hollywood ever?	How can I prepare for NEET 2017?	How can I prepare for NEET 2017 from now?	How do you find out if a shy guy likes you when you are a shy girl?	How do I know if a shy guy likes me?	Why does one feel depressed?	Why I feel depressed sometimes?	Can we use Jio sim in 3G phone?	Can I use Jio sim in 3G smartphone?	What is the significans and importance of power factor?	What is the significance of power factor?	What are the coding boot camps in Bay area?	Coding boot camps Bay area?	Did the US really land on the moon? If yes what proof do we have? (Except photos and all)?	Did humans really land on moon if yes then what about conspiracy theory?	How do I check Google Chrome history after it was deleted?	How do I recover lost deleted history on Google Chrome?	Why do muscle cramps occur?	Why do we get muscle cramps?	How do I not feel discouraged that there are so many people better than me in several ways?	How can I survive with the truth that there are so many people better than me?	Which is the best phone under ₹15000?	What is the best phone to buy below 15k?	What productive things can I do if I have nothing to do at work?	What is something productive that I can do when I have nothing to do at work?	Is the illuminati real or fake?	Are the Illuminati real?	How do I become less pessimistic?	What can I do to become less pessimistic in my thinking?	In what situations is it okay to lie?	When is it okay to lie?	What's the meaning of life?	What do you think is the ultimate meaning of life?	Why are some people lactose intolerant?	Why are people lactose intolerant?	Is it safe to travel alone in Vietnam?	Is Vietnam safe to travel alone?	What are the best ways to keep dogs from getting fleas?	How can I keep my dog from getting fleas?	What does feel like to be president?	How does it feel to be president?	How does virtual machine works?	How do virtual machines work?	Can I get a job as a programmer without a degree?	Can you have a career as a programmer without a college degree?	Which laptop should I buy as a computer engineering student?	Which laptop is the best for an engineering student?	How can I increase the organic search traffic to my site?	How do I get organic traffic on my site?	Is the Big Bang a black hole in reverse?	Is black hole something like the smaller reverse version of Big Bang?	Does masturbating reduce stamina?	Does masturbation affect stamina?	Have you seen a ufo?	Have you ever seen a UFO?	Which will be better for gaming i3 5005U with R5 M330 or i3 6100U with HD 520?	Which would be better for gaming: i3 5005U with R5 M330 or i3 6100U with HD 520?	Who are your favorite writers?	Who are your favorite writers and why?	How should I ask this girl out?	What are some ways to ask a girl on a date?	What is a narrative paragraph?	What is a narrative paragraph? What are some examples?	What is the salary of a chartered accountant?	What is the average salary of a charted accountant?	How can I get rid of the fat in my thighs?	How do I reduce my thighs?	I'm 15 right now. What can I do to become a millionaire by my 20s?	I'm a 15 year old teenager. What can I do to prepare myself to become a great entrepreneur?	How do I give my girl the best orgasm?	How do I give best orgasm to a girl?	What is the best way to incorporate a startup in 2016?	What is the best way to incorporate a startup?	How did Earth and other planets in solar system begin to circle around the Sun?	How did Earth and other planets of the solar system begin to spin around the Sun?	CAN AIDS can be cured?	Can AIDS be cured?	What are some tips to be successful with online dating?	What are some good tips for successful online dating?	How should I handle a telephone interview?	How should l handle a first telephone interview?	What did scientists get wrong when they claimed global cooling in the 1970s?	Why did scientists get it wrong when declaring a global cooling crisis in the 1970s?	How can I improve my writing skills and blog style?	How can I improve my writing skills to become a better writer?	What is inelastic collision? What are some examples?	Which are examples of inelastic collisions?	What is the healthiest diet in the world?	What is the healthiest diet plan in existence?	What is the difference between the Scripting language and programming languages?	What is the difference between scripting language and web technology?	How does one chat with girls?	What can I chat with girl?	How can I drive more traffic to my website?	How do i get traffic for website?	How can we get rid of mobile addiction?	How should I get rid of smartphone addiction?	Why was Cyrus Mistry removed as the Chairman of Tata Sons?	Why TATA sons replaced Cyrus Mistry to Ratan TATA?	What are some of the best photos taken from a cell phone?	What are some of the best pictures taken with a phone camera?	What is the best way to start learning programming concepts and skills?	Where should I start learning to program?	What is the easiest way to commite suicide?	How commit suicide?	Why did Ratan Tata remove Cyrus Mistry?	Why TATA sons replaced Cyrus Mistry to Ratan TATA?	Do you think new 500 and new 2000 notes will help eradicating Black Money?	What do you think of the decision by the Indian Government to replace 1000 notes with 2000 notes?	How do I finish things I start?	How do I stay motivated to finish what I start?	How can I design my website?	What's the best way to design a website?	Why does Yelp block businesses from being indexed in their search results?	Why does Yelp block businesses from being displayed in the search results?	What is the Ferranti Effect and why does it happen?	What is the Ferranti effect?	How do I recover my Gmail password with a recovery mobile number and a Gmail address?	How do I recover my Gmail account password without a recovery email or the security question 2?	Why does aftershave sting?	Why does aftershave sting? How is aftershave made?	What are the basic principles of Libertarianism?	What are the basic principles of libertarians?	How do I stop daydreaming so much?	How can people stop daydreaming?	Why can't I see views on my Instagram videos?	How can I see who viewed my video on Instagram but didn't like my video?	Where are Ugg Boots made? How are they made?	How are Ugg boots made?	What's the sole purpose of life?	What is the GRAND purpose of life?	What are some of the best local places to visit in Goa?	Which is the best place to visit in Goa?	How can discontinuing 500 and 1000 rupee will help to control black money?	Will the ban on 500 & 1000 rupee notes really work against corruption?	What are the effects of banning Rs. 500 and Rs. 1000 notes on Indian economy?	What is your view about banning of 500 and 1000 rupees notes?	What are some unbelievable catches in cricket?	What are some of the best catches in the history of Cricket?	What are home remedies for hair loss?	What are some home remedies for hair loss?	How can I expect to contribute to an open source project on Github if my skills are low?	As a web developer how can I contribute to open source on GitHub?	How do I unsubscribe from emails.?	How do I unsubscribe from emails?	What is a good business to make money?	What is the best business to make money?	Which experience do you think is more surreal: being a billionaire or President of the United States?	Which do you think is a more surreal experience: being a billionaire or President of the United States?	I love my wife more then anything. Why do I fantasize about her with other men?	Why do I fantasize about other men having sex with my wife?	How do I start IAS preparation along with BE engineering?	How should I start my preparation for IAS as an engineering student?	What is the best answer of "why should I hire you"?	What is the best answer for why should we hire you?	How does banning 500 and 1000 rupee notes help to control black money?	How is India fighting corruption by scrapping 500 and 1000 rupee notes?	Do most UK universities require SATs or ACTs?	Do UK Universities require SATs?	What is the best way to start writing a book?	What is the best way to start writing my first book?	How can I overcome my survival instincts?	How can I overcome my survival instinct?	How do I cope with a long distance relationship?	Can a long distance relationship still exist? How can you make it work?	Are vacuum fluctuations energy in vacuum? Are these virtual particles? How do we know there's this energy if they didn't exist? Do they really exist?	Do virtual particles and energy in vacuum really exist? Can we observe them? Where? When?	How can you delete your Yahoo account?	How can you delete your Yahoo mail account?	What happens if RBI print notes more than requirement?	What will happen when RBI prints more money than their limit?	How can you see through glass when it's a solid?	If glass is considered a solid material - how can we see through it?	What are credit rating agencies? How do they give ratings?	What are credit rating agencies?	Am not starting big? How can I make $1000 per month online?	How do we make money online?	How does it taste to perform cunnilingus on your girl?	What does giving cunnilingus taste like?	How could I avoid my laziness?	How can someone reduce laziness?	Daniel Ek: When is Spotify coming to india?	Spotify: When will Spotify be available in India? What are the reasons for this unavailability?	What stupid things have you done?	What is the most stupid thing you have done?	How helpful is QuickBooks' auto data recovery support phone number to recover your corrupted data files?	Which is the best quickbooks auto data recovery support number?	What are some of the best smartphones technology gadgets?	What are some of the best phones gadgets?	What are some good songs for a song lyric prank?	What are some good songs to make a texting lyric prank?	Does everything happen for a reason?	Do you believe everything happens for a reason?	How do I recover my Gmail account when it does not open after password reset?	How do I recover a lost Gmail password?	How can I get a verified profile on Quora?	How famous do you have to be to have a verified profile on Quora?	What are some tips on not getting distracted while studying?	How should I stop myself from getting distracted while studying?	Which is the best book for preparing gate in Instrumentation engineering?	Which books are best for GATE and CAT preparation for Instrumentation Engineering (IN)?	What is the probability of life outside Earth?	Is there life outside the earth?	Can I use a Reliance Jio 4G SIM in a 3G phone?	Is it possible to run Jio 4G in 3G mobile phones? If yes then how?	Who will be the next president of US ?	Who do you think will be the next US president?	What is the cost of peace?	What's the cost of peace?	Do antidepressants really work?	Do antidepressants work?	What is the funniest book you have ever read?	What was the funniest novel which you've read?	Instagram (product): How can I know who visits my Instagram profile?	Can instagram accounts see who visited their profile?	How do you determine a computer's speed?	What determines a computer's speed?	How can I write scripts for games?	How does one get into writing scripts for video games?	Will demonetisation really help?	Is money demonetisation really working for black money?	What is the best debit card to use overseas?	What is the best debit card to use abroad?	What is the best thing any one has ever done for you?	What is the best thing someone has ever done for you?	What are some ways to ask a girl on a date?	How do I ask a girl to date me ?	What is the worst injury you had and what's the story behind it?	What's the worst injury you've ever sustained?	How can I improve my English speaking skills as well as writing skills?	How do I improve my English with creative writing skills?	How can I overcome my porn addiction?	What`s the best way to get rid of porn addiction?	What are the bitter truths of going to the US for an MBA as an Indian?	What are the bitter truths of going to US for masters as an Indian?	What does the SE in iPhone SE stand for?	What does SE in iPhone SE stand for?	Is telepathy really possible?	Will telepathy ever be possible?	What are the best humorous novels of all time?	What are the best humorous novel of all time?	What are some good free VPN providers for Linux?	Which free VPN service is the best?	What is the best lesson in life?	What is the most important lesson ever learned in your life?	Can you grow a tree in zero gravity?	How do trees grow in a zero gravity environment?	What is your opinion on English being used in business communication?	What is your opinion on using English in business communication?	What are the books recommended for GATE in metallurgy?	How do I prepare for GATE Metallurgy?	What are your views on Modi governments decision to demonetize 500 and 1000 rupee notes? How will this affect economy?	Why Narendra Modi banned 500 and 1000 notes in India?	What are the best top 10 movies of Hollywood ever?	Which is your top 10 hollywood movies list?	Why almost all the analog watches and clocks are made to display 10:10 in images or advertisements?	Why all clocks shows 10:10 timing in advertisements?	How do I need to prepare for campus interviews?	How can I prepare for my interview?	How should I text a new friend?	How do I text new friends?	Which is the best Quentin Tarantino film?	Which is the best movie of Quentin Tarantino?	How can I hack Facebook?	Is it possible to hack fb?	How should I start the preparation of IAS exam from my graduation level?	How should I start to prepare upsc from the begining?	How is it working for google?	What’s it like working at Google?	I can't lucid dream.Why?	Why is lucid dreaming so difficult?	Does Gary Johnson stand a chance of being elected president?	Can Gary Johnson win?	How do I make money flying my drone?	How can I make money from drone?	How does garlic help you lose weight?	How can the garlic diet help you lose weight?	What is architectural engineering?	What is a architecture engineering?	What percentage of the world population is gay?	What percent of the population is gay?	How can I become rich in short time?	How can I become rich man?	Can I see who has viewed my Twitter account?	Can I view who looked at my Twitter account?	Who are your personal heroes and why?	Who is your hero and why?	How do I spend my weekend in Bengaluru?	How do you spend your weekend doing something useful in Bangalore?	What is the point of having separate male and female tournaments in chess?	Why are there male and female chess competitions?	Where can I get fantastic value in Sydney for floor tiles?	Where can I get affordable package in Sydney for floor tiles?	Which are some must read books?	What are some must read books for people in their 20s?	Why do people say "bless you" whenever someone sneezes?	Why do people say god bless you when you sneeze?	What would a vegan eat for lunch?	Veganism: What do you eat for lunch?	Could Donald Trump be President?	Will Donald Trump be the next US President?	Where can I get a complete range of music for DJ services in Sydney?	Where can I get a vast collection of music on DJ services in Sydney?	How do I remain healthy?	How can I remain healthy?	How do I learn C programming through internet?	What is the best online site to learn C programming by myself?	What has Arvind Kejriwal achieved for Delhi in one year as the Chief Minister?	What has Arvind Kejriwal achieved as a Delhi CM since coming to power?	Why is marijuana illegal in India? Why can't it be made legal?	Why marijuana is illegal in India?	How can I learn basics of photography?	What is the easiest way to learn good photography?	How do you know she is the one? The one whom you should marry.	How do people know she is the one?	Why do we celebrate January 1st as the new year?	Why dose new year begin on January 1?	Why are some Japanese TV shows so bizarre?	Why are Japanese TV shows so weird?	How to make money with blogging?	How can we make money out of blogs?	How did trump win the presidential election?	How did Donald Trump win the Presidential election?	What was the Bay of pigs?	What is Bay of Pigs?	Why isn't it easy to block calls from a particular phone number?	Is there any way by which we can block all calls and sms from a particular number?	How can I find out if my girlfriend is on dating sites?	How do you find out if your boyfriend is on dating websites?	How do I find my gmail password?	How can I recover my Gmail account password?	What should I gift should I get for my 48 year old mom on her birthday?	What gift should I give on my mother's birthday?	How do you find out if someone is active on dating websites?	How can I find out if my girlfriend is on dating sites?	What's the quickest way to get rid of belly fat?	How can I quickly get rid of belly fat as a male?	How can you calculate your total annual income?	What is your total annual income? How is this calculated?	How does one become an extremely good writer?	How can I become a good writer?	What does Hillary say about illegal immigrants? How is her plan as opposed to Donald Trump’s?	What plan does Hillary Clinton have for immigrants?	Have the Ancient Anasazi been scientifically tested?	Have the Ancient Chaldeans been scientifically tested?	Is the earth flat? Is there a sky dome?	It is real the earth is flat?	What do you do to overcome writer's block?	What are some ways to combat a writer's block?	Can I get taller than 5 foot 7 at age 20?	Is it possible to Increase height or get taller after 20?	How do I earn money online?	What are some easy ways to make done extra money online?	Which was the most scariest places in the world?	Fear: What are some of the scariest/haunted places in world?	Who is your favorite Bollywood actor ?	Who is your favorite Bollywood actor and why?	Can I upload a selfie on facebook that I took with a pediatric patient? Is it against patient confidentiality ethics?	Can I upload a selfie in Facebook that I took with a paediatric patient? Is it against patient confidentiality ethics?	How do I reduce sex drive?	How can I reduce sex interest?	What are the best GMAT coaching in Delhi/NCR where I can get all the facilities?	What are some of the best coaching institutes for GMAT in Delhi/NCR?	What is the best way to learn Java programming?	What are some tricks to learn Java quickly?	Was/Is Barack Obama a bad/good president?	Has Obama been a bad president? What reasons do you have for thinking so?	Where can I find my lost iCloud password?	What should you do if you can't remember your iCloud password?	What is top IT company in India?	What are top IT companies in India?	What news media do you get your information from?	Where do you get your news from?	What is alloy?	What is an alloy? What are some of the strongest alloys?	Why is Brexit bad for the British Pound given the recent weakness in the Pound (Feb 2016)?	Why is Brexit bad for the British Pound given the pressure on the Pound since Brexit?	How can I improve my english language skills? I am basically from gujarati background.	How can I improve my English pronunciation?	Which novels should a CAT aspirant read?	Being a CAT aspirant which books or novels should one read for preparation?	Is Donald Hoffman’s interface theory of perception proved?	Is interface theory of perception true?	What would be the advantages and disadvantages of having one world language?	What would be the advantages if the whole world spoke one language?	Are there real life karma police?	What's the best real life karma you've ever seen/experienced?	What is the scientific explanation of homosexuality?	Is there a scientific explanation for homosexuality?	Why do you answer questions in Quora?	What pleasure do people get from answering questions on Quora?	How do you send a private message on Quora?	Can I send message on Quora?	What's the best USB 3.0 flash drive?	Which is the best USB 3.0 flash drive?	How much time do you need to spend on Quora to become a top writer?	How might I improve my answers on Quora to become a Top Writer?	How are people able to hide their mutual friends on Facebook? What is the way?	How can I hide my mutual friends list on facebook?	What are the best business ideas in 2017?	What are the best business ideas for 2017?	How do I become more confident in front of girls?	I'm 15 and I want to become more confident when talking to woman. How can I do this?	What is best business to start in India?	What are the best businesses to start in india?	What are examples of successful one-person startups?	What are some examples of very successful one person startup?	Which are the modes in which Hadoop can run?	What are the modes Hadoop can run in?	How does a scrap metal merchant make money from scrap?	How do scrap yards make money?	Why does your head hurt after you cry?	Why my head hurt when I cry?	Can I fly my drone in India?	Can I own and fly a drone in india?	Are religious people brainwashed?	Is religious indoctrination brainwashing?	Is spanking children considered parental abuse?	Why is spanking your children considered child abuse?	What is the role of product manager in a startup company?	What is the role of a product manager at a startup?	What will happen to America if Donald Trump wins the election?	What's going to happen to America if Donald Trump wins?	Where's the weirdest place you've masturbated?	Life Experiences: weirdest places where you have masturbated?	How do i lose weight?	I'm overweight. How can I begin to lose weight?	How do crop circles form?	How are crop circles made?	Is there any other device to control power factor other than capacitor banks?	Is there any technique for correction of power factor other than capacitors?	What is the funniest book that you have read ever?	What is the funniest book you have ever read?	How do one develop presence of mind?	How can a person build his/her presence of mind?	Are vacuum fluctuations energy in vacuum? Are these virtual particles? How do we know there's this energy if they didn't exist? Do they really exist?	Do virtual particles and energy in vacuum really exist? How do we know if they exist if we can't observe them? Where are they?	Can we bring a dead animal back to life?	Is it possible to bring the dead back to life at least in the future?	Which actresses have innie belly button?	Which actress have innie outie belly button?	Could this universe be inside a black hole?	How do we know we are not living in a black hole?	How do I get a job in cloud computing as a fresher?	How do I get a job in cloud computing as a fresher with no experience?	I am in first year. In which direction should I start my preparation to clear for IAS exam?	I am starting preparation for IAS UPSC Exam . Which book should I buy for CSAT preparation 2016 exam?	How do you join a satanic cult? What are some examples?	What is a Satanic cult? How do I join one?	What is the best black dating site?	What are the best black single dating sites (quality)?	What are the best answers in Quora?	Which are the best Quora answers one must read?	How can I send a private message through Quora?	Can someone show me how I can send someone on Quora a private message?	What's the importance of studying the English language in Psychology?	Why is English important in psychology?	Can instagram accounts see who visited their profile?	How can I see who viewed my instagram post?	How so I ask questions on Quora?	How do I post a question in quora?	What are some things that will whiten my teeth instantly?	What is the best way to whiten your teeth instantly?	Why does rain cause some people to feel sad?	Why does rain make you feel depressed at times?	Is World War 3 coming?	Is there a war coming?	Why is Modi not attending the Parliament after demonetization?	Why is PM Modi not speaking in parliament on demonetisation?	What is it like to work at a startup?	What is it like to work at a startup for the first time?	What's the best way to spend a long weekend?	How do I spend my long weekend in an effective way?	Which are the best universities in the USA for doing a MS in Computer Science?	Which are the best universities for computer science in USA?	How would one begin to create their own operating system?	What do I have to learn to create an operating system?	Why is everyone calling Trump a racist?	Why do people keep calling Donald Trump a racist?	How can I start programming from zero level?	How do I start learning programming language? Which one to start with?	How do I open software company?	What should I do open software company?	What are some of the weirdest dreams you've ever had?	What was the weirdest dream you have had?	How do I get started to create a new website?	How do create a website?	What is the best WordPress Security Plugin?	Which is the best Wordpress security plugin?	What home remedies help with nausea?	What is the home remedy for nausea?	What are some best classified websites?	What are the top classified site?	How do I get a list of all my Gmail accounts?	How can I find all my Gmail IDs?	Why do I get hiccups after eating a boiled egg?	Why do I get hiccups after eating food everytime?	Which are the 10 best Hollywood movies?	Which is best Hollywood movie ever? Why?	Can we stop global warming?	Can we stop global warming? Yeo/No? Why?	Why have I become so quiet?	Why have I become quiet?	How important is coding in an industry?	Why is code review so important in the software industry?	What are good ways to overcome dyslexia?	What can I do to overcome dyslexia?	What is the difference between a CEO and a COO?	What is the difference between a COO and a CEO?	What are the most important turning points of your life?	What was the life turning point in your life?	Does money has more importance in life?	What is the importance of money in ones life?	Where can I find best air purifiers for my home?	Where can I find best air purifier for home?	How can I contact Instagram regarding compromised account?	How do I contact Instagram customer support?	Do you belive in god?	Do you really believe in God? And why?	How do I become an adult pornstar?	How do you become a pornographic actor?	Why are so many people here so hostile to Donald Trump and unwilling to give him a chance after he was fairly elected?	Why don't the American people give Donald Trump a chance?	What's the ideal age for an Indian man to get married?	What is the right age for an Indian man to get married?	How should I make a decision?	How do I make a quick right decision?	What are the best earphones under 1k?	Which is the best earphone under 1000 INR?	What is the best way to make cheese sauce with cheese slices?	What is the best way to make cheese dip with cheese slices?	What is purpose of life?	What is the purpose of life? Why are we here?	What does ISIS want? What is its objective?	What does ISIS really want?	What are the applications of computer networking?	What are the applications of a computer network?	Can we stop global warming?	What are some effective ways to stop global warming?	Why are oceans blue?	Why are the oceans blue?	Is it good that the government scrap Rs. 500 and Rs. 1000 notes?	Is it good banning of INR 500 and INR 1000 currency notes from midnight?	Which are the best geography books for preparation for the civil services?	What is the syllabus and reference books for geography in civil services?	How much would the wall Trump intends to build cost?	Why and how is Trump going to build the wall?	How can I make my hair more shiny and silky?	How can I make my hair shine?	What is there to do at Yosemite National Park?	What are some things I should see at Yosemite National Park?	Who will win upcoming election of USA?	Who will win American Election in 2016?	Why is it too hard to wake up in the morning?	Why is it so hard to wake up in the morning?	Hw do I improve my aptitude skills?	How can I increase my aptitude skills?	How will the demonetization of 500 and 1000 rupee notes affect the value of INR against USD?	Will demonetization increase rupee value against dollar?	What are the safety precautions on handling shotguns proposed by the NRA in California?	What are the safety precautions on handling shotguns proposed by the NRA in Hawaii?	What are the best ways to lose weight? What is the best diet plan?	How should one change their diet to lose weight?	How do I earn via writing blog?	How do you make money writing a blog?	How can we protect the environment?	How do we protect environment?	How do I stay physically and mentally fit?	How do you stay mentally and physically healthy?	Will Pakistan stop terrorism? How?	Will Pakistan government ever stop financing and supporting terror?	What is the QuickBooks payroll tech support number in Washington?	What is the quickbooks customer support phone number USA?	Where can I get an affordable and hassle free service for property transaction in Sydney?	Where can I get all types of legal advisory services for property transaction in Sydney?	Why do we lose the ability to trust people after a breakup?	Why do we lose the trust on the people after a harsh breakup?	How do you manage time on projects?	What should I do to manage my time?	Who are the most Ecchi anime ever?	What are some of the most ecchi anime?	What are the things Muslims can do in India but not in other countries?	“What are the things that Muslims can do in India but not in other countries?	How can someone apply to NUS Singapore for the new academic year 2017-2018?	How can someone apply at NUS Singapore for the new academic year 2017-2018?	Why do people ask such questions here on Quora which could be easily found on the internet?	Why are so many Quora questions about factual information that the questioner could easily look up?	How do I last longer with sex?	How do I have longer sex time?	Why is Saltwater taffy candy imported in Czech Republic?	Why is Saltwater Taffy candy imported in Mexico?	How can I improve my English in all aspects?	How I can improve my English communication?	What are the top 25 private engineering colleges in India?	What are some of the best private engineering colleges in India?	Who will win the election TRUMP or CLINTON?	Who will win American Election in 2016?	How will you know you love someone?	How do know when you're in love?	What is the one thing you don’t regret buying ?	What is the one thing you don’t regret buying?	What TV series are like Game of Thrones?	I watched Game of Thrones and just completed Suits. Which is a good TV series that I can watch if I liked GOT and Suits?	What are some examples of herbivores?	What are some examples of herbivorous animals?	Where in the world are the most technologically advanced places?	What are the world's most technologically advanced cities?	How do I effectively teach the kids to read?	What are the best ways to teach kids how to read?	I have black money. What should I do now in India?	What is the best way to spend black money in India?	What are some of the best pictures?	What are the best pictures?	Should we hate our siblings?	Why do we hate anything about our siblings?	What is the weirdest thing you seen?	What is the weirdest thing you have ever seen?	What countries would be the safest to be in in the case of world war 3?	What is the safest place in the event of world war 3 breaking out?	What are some ways of building my credit when I have none?	What are some good ways to build your credit when you have none?	What existed before the creation of our universe?	What was here before the universe?	What did you think of Trump's acceptance speech?	What were your impressions of Donald Trump's RNC acceptance speech?	Who are the best in mobile app development company?	Which is the best company for web and mobile application development services ?	How can I improve in English?	How can I understand english?	Is time travel possible through cosmic strings?	Is it possible to make time machine and do time travel?	Why do medical students have to learn English?	Why do doctors need to learn english?	How many shares does a company have and what are the different types of shares related to a company?	What are the different types of shares in a company?	What is the process of applying to Oxford University?	How can I apply easily to Oxford University?	How many types of dimensions are there and what are they?	How many dimensions are reported to be existing in our Universe?	How important is freedom?	Why is freedom important to you?	What manufacturing company could I contact to develop my digital product idea?	What design and product manufacturing companies could help with the development of my product idea?	Is there even a slight proof of alien life?	What is the most undeniable proof of alien existence?	Why do people still think the the world is flat?	Why do some people think that the Earth is flat?	Who is the best Pest control service provider in Sydney? Who can help me to clean cockroaches?	Where you can find Pest control service in Sydney?	How do I become rich in India?	What is the best way to become rich in India?	Who was Mona Lisa and why was she painted?	Who is Mona Lisa?	Whu is my period 3 weeks late?	What can cause a woman's period to be late?	How can I control on my anger?	How can a person control anger?	Is peace in the Middle East possible?	Can there ever be peace in Middle East..?	How should one best prepare for IAS examination?	How do prepare for IAS for a fresher?	Can we bring a dead animal back to life?	Is it scientifically possible to bring someone who's been dead for years (not buried) back to life?	What are tracer rounds? Are they legal for the public to possess in the state of Hawaii?	What are tracer rounds? Are they legal for the public to possess in the state of Delaware?	What are the best ways to lose weight?	What is the best way to lose weight and not gain it back?	What is the top college for mba in maharashtra?	Which are the best colleges for MBA in Maharashtra?	What is the best book or book series you ever read and why?	The best book you have ever read?	What is the most embarrassing thing you have done in front of your crush?	What's the most embarrassing thing that's happened to you in front of your crush?	Do sociopaths know they are sociopaths or can tell if someone is a sociopath?	Do sociopaths know they are?	How do I increase our height after 21?	Can someone increase their height naturally after 19?	How do I stop growing taller?	How can I stop growing taller?	How can I get my boyfriend of 3yrs to spend more time with me?	How do I make my boyfriend spend time with me?	What is it like to have a father?	How does it feel to have a father?	Why is it named as Quora?	Why is Quora called Quora?	Who is going to be the next president of USA?	Who's going to be the president of the United States?	What are your new year resolutions for 2017?	What are some meaningful new year resolutions for 2017?	What's a good and easy programming language to learn?	What is the most valuable programming language for the future to learn?	How do I start my life after a failure?	How do I start afresh after a big failure?	What is best way to learn violin?	What is the best way to learn violin? Is it on the Internet (any source) or through coaching?	Who will win the U.S.A presedential elections of 2016?	Who will win American Election in 2016?	Why do Orthodox Jewish men wear black hats (not referring to streimels)?	What are the origins of black hats and attire worn by Orthodox Jews?	What is the world's best car?	Which is the best car in world?	Is anything in the universe faster than light?	Is there something that travels faster than light?	What are some great examples of biodegradable and non-biodegradable materials?	What are some examples of biodegradable and non-biodegradable?	What is discrete mathematics and why is it so important for computer science?	Why is discrete mathematics essential for computer science?	What is the meaning of obsess?	What is meaning of obsessed?	Why should one have friends?	Why should we have friends?	Why is my iPhone slide to unlock not working?	Why won't my iPhone slide to unlock?	How do I improve my studying skills?	How can I improve my studying skills for school?	How did Donald Trump become such a racist?	Why do some people consider Donald Trump Jam racist?	Which is the best VLSI training institute in India?	What is the best company for VLSI training in India?	Why do people write questions on Quora that could be answered with a quick web search?	Why don't many people posting questions on Quora check Google first?	How can a soil bacteria kill the mosquito larvae?	How do soil bacteria kill the mosquito larvae?	What is it like to lose your parents while being a teenager?	What is it like to lose a parent as a teenager?	Who are the top interior designers in pune?	Who are the best interior designers in pune?	What is the best bicycle around 10000INR?	Which is the best hybrid bicycle to buy in India around the range of 10000?	Why are people supporting Donald Trump?	Why some people support Donald Trump?	How do I create GIF files?	How do you create a GIF file?	Who is the best and worst actor on GoT?	Who is the one best actor in Game of Thrones of all time?	How can I stop growing taller?	Are there any ways to stop yourself from growing taller?	What is the best Social Media management tool?	What are some social media management tools?	Why is Area 51 restricted ?	Why is Area 51 restricted?	Do I need a midical test for the visa interview to the US?	Do I need a midical test for visa interview to US?	Why do Indians keep asking questions about what other nationalities think about them?	Why do Indians care so much about what others think about them?	Why don't some people learn from their mistakes?	Why can't some people seem to learn from their mistakes?	What is the difference between a destroyer and a frigate?	What is the difference between frigate and destroyer?	What is best way to promote a website?	What are the best way to promote your website?	What's the mystery behind all the skeletons found in Roopkund?	India: What is the mystery behind the Roopkund Lake?	What happens to a Quora question noted as being in need of revision?	All my questions on Quora need improvement. What is the best way to ask a question on Quora?	How will the ban of Rs 500 and Rs 1000 notes affect Indian economy?	What is the use of banning 500 and 1000 rupee notes and introducing new 500 and 2000 rupee notes?	What are some of the most under-appreciated things in life?	What are the most underrated things in life?	What should I do if I am not able to study?	What should I do when I am not able to study very well?	How dangerous is to eat bread with yellow mold?	Why you should not eat bread with mold?	How do I gain weight in naturally way?	How to gain weight ?	What would happen to black money now?	What will happen to the black money accumulated henceforth?	What are the best inspirational quotes websites?	What are some good motivational and inspirational quotes websites?	How can I overcome masturbation and/or porn addiction?	How do I get over my porn addiction?	What are some mind-blowing technologies things that exist that most people don't know about?	What are some mind-blowing tech tools that most people don't know about?	What is the biggest misconception about India?	What are the biggest misconceptions that Indians have about India ?	How do l make a magnet Motor?	How do I make a magnetic motor?	Do you think we are on the verge of World War III?	How close is a World War III?	What's the difference between obesity and being overweight?	What is the difference between overweight & Obese?	What is the best place to live in the US?	What are the best places to live in the USA?	What is your biggest fear in your life?	What's your biggest fear?	How can I lose my weight fast?	How do I lose weight fast by perfect weight Loss plan?	What are some mind blowing hover bikes that most people don't know?	What are some mind-blowing hover bikes that most people don't know?	How does it feels to be in love?	What is it like to fall in love?	What are some examples of adverbs?	How do you teach kids about adverbs?	Can we predict future things?	Can we predict the future?	What if there was a nuclear war?	What could happen in a nuclear war?	How can I hack fb password?	How can we hack fb?	Who is better Donald Trump or Hillary Clinton and why?	How is Hillary Clinton better than Donald Trump?	Which is the best movie download site?	Which is the best site to download movies from?	How can I record my iPad screen as a video?	How can you record an iPad screen?	How do you become the top writer on Quora?	How might I improve my answers on Quora to become a Top Writer?	How many Indians took USMLE and what is the success rate?	How many Indians Take USMLE and what is its success rate?	What is Balaji Viswanathan's opinion on the Indian Prime Minister Modi's new policy about illegalization of 500 and 1000 currency notes?	What's your opinion on Indian Prime Minister Modi's new policy about illegalization of 500 and 1000 currency notes?	How did you express your apology to someone?	How did you say sorry to someone?	How can one be successful in mechanical engineering?	How can I become a successful mechanical engineer student?	What is the most important in life?	What do you think is important in life?	What's the best decision you ever made?	What was the best decision you ever made?	Who is the smartest person on Quora?	Who is the most intelligent person on Quora?	What is the meaning of A2A?	What is A2A?	What should I do if I forgot my iCloud password?	What is the solution if I forgot my iCloud password and don't even have a password of the email I use with it?	What should be done to impress a girl?	What should I do to impress a girl?	What is a compound microscope?	What is a compound microscope? What is its total magnification?	Who is the best remittance provider to send money from Australia to Philippines?	What is the best way to send money from Australia to the Philippines?	Why does India have such a huge problem with violence against women?	What are the 10 most important things that the Indian Government should do to stop violence against women?	How is a mirage formed?	Why is a mirage formed?	How did you achieve your work/life balance?	How can I improve my work-life balance?	Is time travel possible after the discovery of gravitational waves?	Will time travel be possible in future?	What does it feel like to become a millionaire?	What does it feel like to be extremely rich?	How do you upload movies on YouTube and monetize them? Is there any issue of copyright	How can I upload anime on YouTube without copyright issue?	How much money do I need to start a career in venture capital?	How can I start a venture capital with no money?	What are the best ten universities in the UK for a PhD in artificial intelligence or machine learning?	Colleges and Universities: What are the best ten universities in the UK for a PhD in artificial intelligence or machine learning?	What is the fastest way to lose weight safely?	What is the fastest way to lose weight successfully?	How can I become an introvert?	How do I convert to an introvert?	What do you think will be the effect of Modi Government's decision of invalidating the RS 500 and RS 1000 notes?	What do you think about decision by the Indian Government to demonetise 500 and 1000 rupees note?	What are things you care about but most people don't?	What do you sincerely care about that most people don’t care about?	Can you suggest to me about any AVG Antivirus best tech support service for USA?	Get Connect# Avg (@! @) 1800@251@4919 Antivirus Tech Support phone Number?	What is the cost for printing of newly introduced Indian notes?	What would be the cost of printing a 2000 rupee note?	Would you be buying iPhone 7? Why or why not?	Why should I buy an iPhone 7?	Where can I get an explainer video for $100?	Where can I get a quality explainer video done for $100?	What is dead weight and non-dead weight?	What is dead weight?	How many days does it take to get a fresh passport in India?	How long does it take to get a passport in India?	Why did the Indian government ban Rs. 500 and Rs. 1000 currency?	Why did Indian government scrap Rs 1000 and 500 note and instead is introducing Rs 2000 note?	Is it bad for the battery if you charge your iPhone overnight because you keep it charging while it's already full?	Is it bad for a battery if you leave it charging even when it's full charged?	Which books should I read to improve my English?	What books or magazines should I read to improve my English?	What are the trendiest sides to go with pork chops?	What are some of the best side dishes for pork chops?	Men: What would you do if you were in a female body for one day?	Men of Quora: What would you do if you were in a female body for one day?	How can I find my all Gmail accounts?	How do I find all of my Gmail accounts?	How do Trump supporters feel about his cabinet nominees?	What do Trump supporters think of his Cabinet picks?	Is it true that the new Rs. 2000 currency notes in India will have a nano GPS chip?	Is our new currency note of Rs.2000 equipped with nano GPS chips?	What is Rhodes scholarship?	What exactly is the Rhodes Scholarship?	What is self-motivation?	What is self-motivation? How one can get it?	How do you get your profile verified on Quora?	What does it take to be verified on Quora?	Is Donald Trump racist?	Why do some people say that Donald Trump is racist?	Why can't I delete my own Quora questions?	Is it possible to permanently delete a Quora question?	What is best super power?	What is the best super power? Why?	What are the best places to visit in Kerala?	Which places should be visited while travelling to Kerala?	How many petrol stations are there in the U.S.?	How many petrol stations are there in America?	What are the safety precautions on handling shotguns proposed by the NRA in Georgia?	What are the safety precautions on handling shotguns proposed by the NRA in Maine?	What are the best ways to lose weight?	How should I lose weight?	What are the places to visit for a honeymoon in Kerala?	What are the must places to visit in Kerala (6-7 days)?	How can we connect our Quora profile with an HTML file?	How can I connect my Quora profile with my HTML file?	What are computer softwares? What are examples of this?	What are examples of a computer software?	What's your best memory in your childhood?	What was the best memory during your childhood?	In what ways can India increase its exports?	What are some innovative ways in which india can increase exports?	How do I apply for pan card (lost)?	How do I apply and receive pan card in 48 hours with new facilities?	What are absolute monocytes on a blood test? What affects their levels?	What are reasons someone would have high absolute monocytes in their blood test results?	What are some renowned living philosophers of Western philosophy of the 21st century?	Who are the most influential philosophers of the 21st century?	What are the best ways to lose weight?	What are the best things to do when working on losing weight?	Today pm speech is effective or not?	What could we conclude from PM Modi's Speech on 13th November?	How is the Catholic Bible different from the Protestant Bible?	How does the Catholic Bible differ from other versions?	Why do people ask questions on Quora that could simply be googled?	Why don't people simply 'Google' instead of asking questions on Quora?	What is the best question one has ever come across in Quora?	What are the best questioned asked in Quora?	Why do we obsess over money?	Why is the world obsessed with money?	How do smart and successful people control their emotions?	How one can control impulsive emotions?	How does Quora count the number of views in an answer?	How does Quora calculate how many views does an answer have?	Where can I find angel investors for an invention?	How can I find Angel Investors or Venture Capitalists in my area?	Why do we have poverty?	What do you think are the causes of poverty?	How can one measure the level of nationalism in a country?	Is there an objective way to measure nationalism by country?	What does the Quran say about triple talaq?	Can anyone who properly knows the topic please brief about triple talaq?	What are some ways to become an entrepreneur?	How can one be an entrepreneur?	Which are the top places to visit in Kerala?	What are the best places to visit in Kerala for college students?	Which specific heat is used to calculate the gas internal energy change?	Which specific heat is used to calculate the gas internal energy change? Why?	What is your best friend name?	What is your best friend's name?	Can Height be increased after 18 or 19 years of age?	How do I increase my height after 22?	How do people know she is the one?	How did you know she/he is the one?	How much do you believe in reincarnation?	How many of you believe in reincarnation?	How did consciousness evolve?	How has consciousness evolved?	Which are the best Herbalife flavors?	What are some of the most popular Herbalife shake flavors?	Why is Saltwater Taffy candy imported in Mexico?	Why is Saltwater taffy candy imported in the Philippines?	How do I hack any security wifi password?	How do I can hack wifi?	What is happening in the world?	What happened to the world?	How do I restore a WhatsApp group which I deleted?	WhatsApp: How do I find a WhatsApp group I deleted by mistake?	Why are you on Quora and not on Yahoo Answers?	Why do you use Quora and not Yahoo! Answers?	How is social media changing the world?	How has Social Medial Changed the World?	Why won't Turkey recognize the Armenian genocide?	Why do Turks continue to deny the Armenian genocide?	How do I increase organic traffic to website?	How can I increase the traffic on a site?	Why do ATM passwords (PINs) mostly have 4 digits?	Why does an ATM pin use 4 characters?	How can I understand somebody who is a sociopath?	How can I know if someone is a sociopath?	Which is the best college or university in Canada for computer science?	What are the best universities for Master in Computer Science in Canada?	Which is the best laptop under 60k in india?	Which is the best laptop I should buy under Rs.60000?	Who made Quora app?	Who made this app?	What are some subtle ways to tell if a guy is gay?	Can you tell if a person is gay?	How do I find the IMEI number of my stolen 3 Phone?	How can I get my lost iPhone IMEI number back?	Is it bad to be a sensitive person?	Is being an sensitive person a  bad thing?	How do you add topics on Quora?	How do I add a topic in Quora?	How would life be after death?	Is there life after death? Can we revive our life once again as next avatar of ourselves?	How hard is it to hack someone's cell phone if you just know their phone number?	Can a cell phone be hacked with just a number?	What do you think of PM's decision on the banning of 500 and 100 rupee notes?	What are your views on PM Modi's decision on discontinuing 500 & 1000 rs notes?	Why is 2100 not a leap year?	What is the logic behind 2100 AD not being a leap year?	What are some of the greatest movie scripts floating around?	What are some of the best movie scripts available to read?	Can we prove a negative?	Is it possible to prove a negative?	Are women allowed to rent and drive a car in the U.A.E.?	Are women allowed to drive in Abu Dhabi?	What is the best way to commit suicide feeling no pain?	How can someone commit suicide without having any pain?	What's the main difference between a 32-bit and 64-bit PC?	What is the main difference between 32-bit and 64-bit PC?	What are some businesses that can possibly make me a billionaire in the long term?	What businesses can make someone billionaire?	How do I make money from home?	What is the easiest way to make a little money online?	What are the best laptops around 50k?	What are the best laptops under 50K in India presently?	What is the best book for aptitude?	Which is the best book for aptitude preparation?	What is one thing most people don't know about you?	What are some things most people don't know about you?	Where do Atheists get their morals from?	From where do atheists get their morality?	Sleep: Why do I wake up feeling sleepy every day?	Why do I always wake up tired even if I sleep 8 to 9 hours every single day?	What are some exercise tips for getting six pack abs?	What will be the exercises and time period to get six pack abs?	Is Narendra Modi a good orator?	Is Narendra Modi a great orator?	How do one quit smoking?	How do you quit smoking?	What did you want to be when you were young? Why?	What did you want to be when you were young ?	What are some of the best coaching institutes for GMAT in Delhi/NCR?	What are the best coaching institutes for GMAT in NCR?	What is the best inspiring story of a cricketer? And who is the most inspiring cricketer?	Who is the most inspiring cricketer?	Why are doctors always late?	Why doctors always make you wait for 15-20 minutes before they see you?	How old is hinduism in its current form?	How old is Hinduism?	Are the new 2016 MacBook Pros worth the upgrade?	Is the Macbook pro 2016 overpriced?	How do I recover deleted files from Android internal memory?	How do I recover deleted data in ANDROID mobiles?	How do I recover my Hotmail password?	How I recover my Hotmail password?	What are the best movies ever irrespective of genre?	Which are the best movies in the world?	How should I edit my question correctly if Quora marks down my question for improvement?	Why is it that every time I ask a question in Quora it tells me that your question needs improvement?	Which are the best Bollywood movies of 2016?	Which is the best Bollywood movie of 2016?	Why do tall guys love short girls?	Is it true that tall guys like short girls?	How do I know if a guy likes me or not?	How do you tell if a guy likes you?	What are good ways to prepare an effective powerpoint presentation?	How do I make a good PowerPoint presentation?	What is the easiest way to get a green card in the US?	How can I get a green card to live and work in the USA?	How do you search for people on Instagram?	How can you find people on Instagram?	What are some of the types of frictions?	How many types of friction are there?	How can I reset my Gmail password without knowing my personal information and recovery email id?	I lost my password with my Gmail account. How do I reset it without the account recovery info?	How should I prepare for JEE (Advanced)?	What is the best way to prepare for JEE advance?	Can we start a Sainik School in the private sector?	Can we start a sainik school in private sector?	How can I make an extra $1000 a month?	What can I do to make an extra $1000?	What exactly is a field in quantum mechanics?	What is quantum mechanics?	Has Hillary Clinton ever lied about anything?	What Lies did Hillary Clinton tell?	How do I know if someone is really into me or just using me?	How do I know if a guy is actually into me & taking things slow or just using me?	How can we empower other people?	How does one empower people?	What's it like being a pornstar?	What's it like to be a pornstar?	How do I prove (without computer) the inequality:[math]\sqrt[9]{502}+\sqrt[502]9>3[/math] ?	Is there any idea to prove 9^{1/502}+502^{1/9}>3 ?	In what order should I watch all Star Wars movies?	Which order I should watch Star Wars movies?	Can you suggest a best budget phone below 15k?	Which is the best mobile below 15000?	How do I delete Quora Account with all answers and questions also removed?	How do I delete my Quora caccount permanently?	Who are the smartest people alive today?	Who are some of smartest people alive today?	What is a verified profile on Quora?	What is the technology behind Quora?	How do you cook a turkey?	How do you make a delicious turkey?	How will I improve my spoken English?	What are the best ways to improve English?	What is a good way to start studying for a career in cybersecurity?	What is the best way to learn cybersecurity?	What is it like working as a Speech Language Pathologist? 	What is it like to be a speech pathologist?	What are the best albums of any genre?	What are the best music albums to listen?	How can one earn money online without investment?	What are the best ways to earn money online without investment?	How do I well prepare IBPS PO exam 2016?	How do I prepare IBPS PO exam 2016?	What is the most powerful laser researchers can build?	What is the most powerful laser?	How do you safely clean a flat Samsung screen TV?	How do you safely clean a flat screen TV?	Which gaming console should I buy?	Which handheld gaming console should I buy now?	How can you deal with people who think they are never wrong?	How do you deal with people that "are always right" even when they are wrong?	Is time just an illusion of the mind?	Is time just an illusion?	Why wouldn't Hillary Clinton choose Bernie Sanders for VP?	Why didn't Hilary Clinton pick Bernie Sanders as running mate?	What problem do you want to solve?	What is the problem you want to solve in your life?	What is a sure way to commit suicide?	What is the most painless way to commit suicide?	How can I get an internship in IISC?	How does one get a research internship at IISc?	How can I find out my child's Snapchat password?	How can I hack my snapchat password?	What is your favourite song?	What's your current favorite song?	Were you bullied as a child?	Were you bullied as a child? How did you deal with it?	Is it possible to hack WhatsApp from a laptop through long distance?	How do I hack WhatsApp account of someone else from long distance?	How will the ban on Rs 500 and 1000 notes impact the Indian economy?	Will the value of Indian rupee increase after the ban of 500 and 1000 rupee notes?	What are some of the interesting facts about Manipur?	Northeast India: What are some interesting thing about Manipur?	How do I lose fat in a month without going to the gym or lifting weights?	Is it possible to lose weight without going to the gym?	What does cow tongue taste like?	How does cow tongue taste?	What things the doesn’t the US Government want you to know?	What are some things that the US government doesn't want you to know?	Which is the best Indian short film?	Which are the best short movies on Youtube made by Indians?	What is the Uttarakhand flood relief scam about?	What is uttarakhand flood relief scam?	Why do you prefer Quora over Yahoo! Answers?	Why do you use Quora and not Yahoo! Answers?	Which is the best smartphone to buy for 15000 INR?	Which is best smartphone below 15000?	How can some people still believe the world is flat?	Why do people believe in flat earth?	How do I to write a statement of purpose?	How do I write a statement of intent?	What happens to questions marked as needing improvement? Are they inhibited from being seen as other questions are?	Do people see questions that are marked as needing improvement?	Why has Arnab Goswami resigned from Times Now?	Why did Arnab Goswami resign as the Editor-in-Chief of Times Now?	What are good ways increase page rank in Google search engine with SEO?	What are some tips on how to increase rank in search engines?	How will be the banning of 500 and 1000 rupees notes will have impact on real estate and Construction industry in India?	What will be the effect of recent demonetization of rs500 and rs 1000 notes on the real estate or property business?	What is the best sex youve ever had?	What's the best sex you have ever had?	What is the best way to learn c programming for a complete beginner?	How do I learn c programming for beginners?	How accurate are some of the answers that are given on Quora?	How accurate are all the answers in Quora?	What is the most respected profession? Why?	What are the most respected professions?	Would the EU allow Scotland to join if they were to go independent?	Has the EU stated whether it would let an independent Scotland join following Brexit?	What are some ways by which a student can earn money in college?	What are the ways to earn money while studying?	Which book is best for general knowledge?	Which books should I read to improve my general knowledge?	Why did MS Dhoni steps down as captain of India limited overs side?	Why did Dhoni step down as a Captain from all formats of the Indian cricket team?	What does A2A stand for on Quora?	What does A2A and FYI mean?	What is the greatest contribution of the Americans to our culture and literature?	What is the greatest contribution of the Americans in our culture and literature?	I want to begin a small business in the cheese industry. What should I do?	How can I begin a small business in cheese industry?	How Donald Trump will make Mexico pay for the wall?	How will Mexico pay for wall?	What are some of the best one liner quotes?	What are some one line badass quotes?	How do I connect with Bill Gates?	What is the best way to get connected with Bill Gates?	What are the must travel places in India?	Which are some best places to visit in India?	Who will win if a war came between India and Pakistan?	Who would win an all out war between Pakistan and India if no other country got involved?	What is the likely future of Julian Assange after the election?	What will be the future of Julian Assange (WikiLeaks founder)?	What's weirdest or creepiest songs that you've ever heard?	What is the creepiest song you have ever heard? Why?	How do you potty train White Pitbull puppies?	How do I potty train my two-month-old Labrador pup?	What is a good diet plan for a commuter that wants to gain weight?	Which is the best food to gain weight?	How do we know whether India really conducted the surgical strike against Pakistan?	Did surgical strike really happened by India in LOC? Which media is correct? India or Pakistan?	Does it make any difference if I sing a high scale song in a low scale?	What is the difference between singing a song in high scale and low scale?	What are the safety precautions on handling shotguns proposed by the NRA in Montana?	What are the safety precautions on handling shotguns proposed by the NRA in Hawaii?	I want to participate in the next Google Summer of Code (GSoC). Where should I start from and what should I do?	I want to get into Google summer code 2017.How do I prepare?	Who are some of your favorite Quorans and why?	Who is your favorite Quoran on Quora?	Does Elon Musk identify with a political party?	What are Elon Musk’s political beliefs?	How can I earn money in YouTube?	How do I make money through YouTube?	Do women like to see men ejaculate?	Do women like seeing men ejaculating?	How shall I get rid out of negativity?	How can I get rid of negative?	Why don't people search on Google before posting it on Quora?	Why don't Quora users simply use Google first before asking a question?	How can I lose or reduce thigh and hip fat fast?	What can be done to reduce thigh and hip fat in men?	Which are the best escorts agency in London?	Which are the best escort agencies in London?	It is possible to travel by time?	Could time travel be possible?	Is there any mooc course for learning english?	Is there a great MOOC course to learn English?	Which are the rarest world war pictures?	What is the most horrifying/interesting story or picture from the World War II?	What is the world's largest mountain?	Where is the world's largest mountain located?	What is the most awesome thing?	What is the most awesome thing ever?	How should I prepare myself for civil services examination?	What should be the strategy for Civil Services Exam preparation for beginners?	How can I do M.Tech in IIT?	How do I do my M.Tech in IIT?	How do I get a job in TCS?	How can I get a job in TCS?	What kinds of advantages do AESA radar provide over PESA radar?	What is the difference between a PESA and an AESA radar? Can AESA radar track multiple threats at different direction simultaneously?	What is the revenue model of saavn.com?	What is the revenue model of Saavn?	Can OJ Simpson be charged with Perjury now that there is evidence he committed the murder?	Is O.J. Simpson likely to be charged with perjury now that the bloody knife has been found?	What are the factors affecting fluctuations in the US dollars?	What are the factors affecting rates of us dollars?	What is the best place (good ambiance and affordable price) to stay at Goa for a couple?	What are the best places to stay in Goa for couples?	What's the difference between deactivating and deleting my account?	What is the difference between deleting and deactivating my account?	What is the physics law of inertia?	What is the physics of the law of inertia?	How much money can I earn from the internet?	How much money can I make in the internet with or without money investment?	How do you learn to program?	Where should I start to learn programming?	Is it possible for people from India to register at Amazon Mechanical Turk?	Can Indians earn money using Amazon Mechanical Turk?	What is the natural way to increase height at age of 20?	How can I gain height at age 20?	How can I stop masturbating forever?	How can one stop masturbating for good?	Should I get the IPhone 7 when it comes out?	Should I upgrade my iPhone 5s to an iPhone 7 (when it has been released)?	Who do you think is going to win the 2016 presidential election?	Who will win the 2016 U.S. presidential election and why?	Why does February have 28 days? Why 29 in leap years?	What are the historical reasons as to why February has 28 days?	What is the difference between science and philosophy? Does thinking out of the limits of brain don't come in the domain of science?	What is the difference between science and philosophy?	How do I get hard erections?	How can I get hard erections?	Is there any way you can make money from travelling?	If I travel a lot how can I make money off of it?	What are the best ways to improve English?	I want to improve my English?	Is gift card money deducted before or after tax?	Does gift card money get removed before or after taxes during a purchase?	Is there any app that downloads anime?	Is there any app that allows you to download anime?	Would you rather be beautiful and social or smart and rich?	Would you rather be smart and rich or beautiful and social?	How do I delete my Zoosk account?	How can you deactivate a Zoosk account?	Why do people ask basic questions instead of searching them?	Why do so many people ask google-able questions on Quora?	How do I lose weight ayurvedically?	What can I do to lose 20 pounds?	What is a good honeymoon destination in India?	Which is the best honeymoon destination for couples in India?	Why Narendra Modi's Central Government took over Delhi ACB?	Why has central govt taken control of Delhi ACB?	Why is India bothered about CPEC?	Why does India oppose CPEC?	What are the places to visit for a honeymoon in Kerala?	What are some of the best places to visit in Kerala in a span of 5 days?	What is eyebrow threading and does it hurt?	What is eyebrow threading?	What is the most flexible Canon lens for macro shots?	What is the best 1:1 macro lens for Canon?	What is the hybridization of CH4?	How do you calculate the hybridization for CH4?	How do I control sleeping during a lecture in college?	How should I avoid sleeping during lectures?	What are all the All India rank 1s in IIT - JEE doing with their lives?	What JEE toppers are doing now?	How can an international student find a job in the UK?	What are the chances of an International Student securing a job in the UK?	Why does ground smell after it rains?	What is that smell after it starts raining?	How can I find the real true purpose of my life?	How can I find my purpose in life?	How do people deal with malignant narcissists?	How do someone deal with malignant narcissists?	How can I learn more programming?	How do I get started with programming?	Give names of some of the best horror movies?	What are some best of best horror movies ever made?	What are some hacks and tips for booking super cheap flights?	What are some hacks on booking cheap flight tickets?	What is it like to be really rich?	What does it feel like to be extremely rich?	Why does Islam spread more widely than any other religion in the world today?	How did Islam spread to all the world?	Does white privilege exist?	Is the Idea of white privilege a myth or a reality?	Is there any proof for the presence of ghosts?	What is the proof for existence of ghost?	What movie should I watch?	Are there any good movies to watch?	What is the field of view on a microscope?	What is field of view in a microscope and how do you find it?	Why did the Philippine president Rodrigo Duterte call Barack Obama a "son of a bitch"?	Why is it correct for the Philippine President to call the U.S. son of bitch in the world?	How do I participate or contribute in open source projects?	How can I contribute to open source development?	Why should we vacate vehicles while filling C.N.G.?	Why is it advisable to vacate the vehicle at a CNG filling station?	How do I make better questions?	How can I ask the right questions?	What is law of attraction?Is it true?	What does the law of attraction mean?	What kind of business can I do on H4 visa?	How do I earn on h4 visa?	What sides go well with shrimp scampi dish?	What sides go well with shrimp scampi?	How do I prevent excessive underarm sweating?	What are the most effective ways to deal with excessive armpit sweating?	How do I get business ideas?	How do you get a business idea?	Can you be in love with more than one person at the same time? Should you be?	Is it really possible to love 2 people at the same time?	What are some good books for building a foundation for IIT in class 10?	Which is the best IIT foundation book for class 10?	How do I get funding to turn my idea into a reality?	How can I get funds to turn my idea into a reality?	How do I improve my physical descriptive writing skills?	How can I improve my descriptive writing?	Is the iPhone really worth its price?	Are Apple iPhones worth the price?	How will banning of notes affect the huge amounts of black money is Swiss banks and tax havens?	Now what will happen to black money deposited in Swiss and other banks after banning of current Indian currency notes?	Why do we suddenly forget things?	Why do I suddenly forget things?	How can one control the urge to masturbate?	How can I stop the urge to masturbate?	How can one root android devices?	How do I root an Android device?	Can I get admission in DU for BA economics If I don't have Maths in 12th?	I don't have Maths as my subject in 12std Can I get admission for BA economics in DU?	What were the Victorian era's traditions like?	What was the Victorian era's culture like?	Can I use Jio 4G sim in a 3G phone?	Can we use Jio sim in 3G phone?	What is difference between Software and Applications?	What is the difference between an app and a software?	What business opportunities may arise as a consequence of a BREXIT?	What are the business opportunities Brexit will create?	How does electric shock affect our body?	What happens to our body while get shock by the electricity?	Is Iq test an effective way to measure intelligence?	Can a person measure intelligence from IQ test?	How imminent is World War three?	What are the prophecies of world war 3 and will it actually happen?	Is there really a chip embedded in the new Rupees 2000 note?	Is it impossible to damage the embedded chip in the 2000 Rs note without damaging the currency value?	What do you think of the Government's move of banning old Rs. 500 & Rs. 1000 notes?	What are the full implications of the Indian government's decision to withdraw all the old 500 and 1000 rupee notes from circulation?	How can I tell one boyfriend about the other one?	How should I tell one boyfriend about the other one?	What is pyramid scheme? How to identify pyramid scheme?	How can I identify a pyramid scheme company?	What are the best gifts that you have ever received?	What is the best physical gift you've ever received?	Which is the best place to learn guitar in Bangalore?	Which is the best place to learn guitar in Bangalore (north)?	What are good things to serve with stuffed bell peppers?	What are some side dish ideas and their recipes to serve with stuffed peppers?	What do girls expect from boys?	What does girls exactly expect in boys?	What is the difference projectile and relative motion using the vector components?	What is the difference between projectile and relative motion using the vector components?	What's the best fat burning supplement available today?	Are fat burning pills helpful along with exercise? What are the best fat burning pills (non-steroidal)?	How do I recover my Gmail account when it does not open after password reset?	How do I recover a forgotten Gmail password?	What are some example of traditional clothing worn in El Salvador?	What are some examples of traditional clothing worn in El Salvador?	What are some good reads on Buddhism?	What are the best books on Buddhism?	What are some mind blowing things that mos't people dont know?	What are some mind blowing things that people don't know exist?	What scenes are copied from Bollywood to Hollywood movies?	Which Hollywood movies are copied from Bollywood?	What are the best commercial jingles you have heard?	What are the best commercial jingles of all time?	Do people actually possess a sixth sense?	Do we realy have a sixth sense? If we have what is it?	Who is the Best business astrologer?	Who is world famous biggest business astrologer?	What can I eat every day to be more healthy?	Is it bad for health to eat eggs every day?	Is the earth moving closer to the sun?	Is the Earth moving closer to the Sun? Will it move into the Sun at some point in the future due to Sun's gravity?	Which is the best way to learn Programing language?	How do I learn programming language?	How do I convince my girlfriend's parents for our marriage?	How do I convince my girlfriends parent as well as my parents for our marriage?	What are some of the best temperatures for a freezer?	What is the best temperature for the refrigerator and freezer?	How do I know if I like a girl or not?	How do I know if I like a girl?	Who is winning the US presidental election?	Who is currently winning the presidential election?	What is the best method of losing weight?	How do I lose weight?	What is the most painless and quick way to die?	What is the most effective way to suicide?	How does laryngitis compare to bronchitis?	What is laryngitis and how is it caused?	Have you ever seen ghost really?	Have you ever seen a ghost/spirit while totally awake?	Which is the best WhatsApp forward you have seen?	What are some of the best WhatsApp forwards?	Which is the best laptop to buy under INR 50K?	What is the best laptop around 50k?	How common is prostitution in Saudi Arabia?	Is prostitution legal in Saudi Arabia?	Which is the most used programming language in the world currently?	Which is the most used programming language in the world?	How is executive mba in healthcare management?	How is executive mba in Healthcare/Hospital Management?	How do I reset my Gmail password when I don't have access to my recovery information?	How do I reset my Gmail password when I forgotten it?	Is it possible to build an AI like Jarvis?	Is it really possible to build an AI like Jarvis?	What is it like being an INFJ?	Myers-Briggs Type Indicator: What is it like to be an INFJ?	How should I celebrate my 21st birthday?	What is the best way to celebrate my 21st birthday?	Can you get pregnant from oral sex?	Can I Get Pregnant From Oral Sex?	What are the best jokes in the world?	What are the all time best jokes?	How do I get my English better?	How can improve my English speaking?	What is the best decision you made in your life?	What has been the best decision you've made in your life?	How can you deal with people who think they are never wrong?	What's a good way to deal with a man who thinks he never does anything wrong?	What are reactants in photosynthesis?	How would you describe photosynthesis?	How can I become a web/software developer?	How can I become a web/computer developer?	How can I learn Spanish quickly when I even have trouble with the pronunciation?	How can I learn Spanish quickly when I even have trouble with pronunciation?	How can one improve my emotional intelligence?	How can we develop emotional intelligence?	How does the stock market work? Who decides the price of stocks?	How do you explain stock market in layman terms?	What are some ways for a public school teacher to make a lesson more interesting and engaging for his/her students?	How can I make classroom lectures more interesting for students?	How do I increase my height after 22?	How do I increase my height after 16?	Where do I buy a credit card?	Where can I buy credit cards?	Can anyone hack Google?	How can someone hack Google?	How do I beat boredom?	How do people deal with boredom?	What are some clinical signs of diabetes?	What are signs of diabetes?	What is the biggest challenge in your relationship?	What is the biggest challenge in relationships?	Are we heading toward World War 3?	Do you think we are on the verge of World War III?	When will be the end of the world and why?	How will the world truly end?	Can electricity flow through vacuum?	Does electricity travel through vacuum?	What are the safety precautions on handling shotguns proposed by the NRA in North Carolina?	What are the safety precautions on handling shotguns proposed by the NRA in Wisconsin?	How does Jake Williams really look like?	What will it take for Jake Williams to show 'Quora' what he looks like?	Is there any way to recover an e-mail in Gmail after it's deleted from the trash?	How can I recover my emails from my Gmail account?	Would Hong Kong be as developed as it is if it never was a British colony?	Would Hong Kong be better off if it's still under British colonial rule?	Did Neil Armstrong see aliens on his voyage to the moon?	Did Neil Armstrong really see aliens on the moon? Or is the whole story made up?	What actor should play Rhaegar Targaryen?	Who is your dream actor to play Rhaegar Targaryen?	What is the process for migrating to another engineering college under Pune University in second year?	What is the procedure/conditions for changing my engineering college after the first year under the Pune University?	Do you know universities with free education for international students?	Which countries offer free university education for international students?	Why there is no upvote option for a good question like this?	Why isn't there a way to upvote good questions on Quora?	How improve my english mail writing skills?	What is the best way to inprove my English writing ability?	How is Reliance Jio providing free unlimited 4G data when other companies charge high?	How is Reliance Jio providing free unlimited 4G data when other companies charge hefty amount for the same?	What is the best tangible gift you've ever received?	What is the best gift you are ever received?	What technique do you use to grasp new concepts quickly?	What are some techniques are there to understand new concepts faster?	What are some examples of saturated solution?	What are some saturated solution examples?	Which is the nearest local railway station to get down to reach Powai in Mumbai?	Which is the nearest railway station to reach IIT Bombay?	What is it like to be a pornstar?	What's it like being a pornstar?	What is will of D in one piece?	What is the will of D in One Piece?	How do I learn web development as quickly as possible?	How can I learn web development?	What is the best way to remove paint from glass?	How do you remove spray paint from glass?	What is the best way to promote your YouTube Channel?	How do I promote our YouTube Channel?	Which country has best education system?	Which country in the world has the best education system and why?	What will be the consequences of India and Pakistan war?	What would happen if Pakistan declared war on India today?	Why Spotify is not available in India?	Daniel Ek: Why is Spotify not available in India?	How can I overcome my fear of sex?	How do I overcome fear of sex?	Can I make music video of a popular song without copyright issues and upload it on YouTube?	Can we set some song clips in a YouTube video without infringing copyright?	Is Australia part of Asia?	Is Australia regionally in Southeast Asia?	What are best computer games?	What are the top PC Games?	What does it mean to love someone?	What does is it mean to love?	Is it possible to survive having your throat slashed?	Is it possible to survive having your throat cut?	What is the best way to teach saving & investing to kids?	What is the best way to teach kids saving and investing?	Is A.I. an existential threat to humanity?	Kevin Murphy: Is AI an existential threat to humanity?	Are there any movies where the antagonist wins?	What are some movies where the villain won?	Can I learn martial arts on my own?	How can I learn martial arts at home through internet?	How can I lose weight quickly?	What is the easiest way to lose weight faster?	How is India reacting to the terror attack on Uri Camp in September 2016?	How should we react on Uri camp terror attack?	How should I improve my english communication skills?	What should I have to do to make my english and communication skills perfect?	How do I hack a lover's Gmail?	How do I hack a Gmail account?	What are your views on India banning 500 and 1000 notes? In what way it will affect Indian economy?	Will the currency ban in India affect the economy?	What do you think of the move by the govt to scrap 500 & 1000 rupee notes?	What are your views on demonetization of 500 and 1000 rupee notes by the Modi Government?	Why does not Indian Government privatise Air India?	Why shouldn't we privatise air india?	What is a good side to go with stuffed peppers?	What are some good side dishes to serve with stuffed peppers?	What are your best hangover hacks?	What is your personal hangover cure?	How do you fly?	How do I fly?	Five difference between camshaft and crankshaft?	What is the difference between a camshaft and a crankshaft?	What are the best places in the world for traveling and why?	Which are the best places for traveling in the world?	Which is the best movie you have seen so far?	Which is the best movie you ever seen?	How can I get an internship at Deutsche bank?	How can I do an internship at Deutsche Bank?	What are some mind blowing small Inventions that most people don't know about?	What are some mind blowing small Inventions that exist in 2016 that most people don't know about?	Why do some frequent posters disable comments on their answers?	Why do you not allow comments on your answers?	What are some ways to pass time during boring classes?	How do you pass your time during a mind-numbingly boring class?	What are your views on Modi governments decision to demonetize 500 and 1000 rupee notes? How will this affect economy?	What is your view on the move to scrap 500 and 1000 rupee notes? What will be its effects?	What do you think of surgical strike against Pakistan by Indian army?	What you think about recent India's surgical strike in Pakistan?	How do I lose weight ayurvedically?	How can I lose 4kg weight?	How many devices can use Hulu Plus at once?	How many devices can I use Hulu Plus on?	What are the best comments made by Sourav Ganguly?	What are the best comments by Sourav Ganguly?	What do people in the UK learn about of the US Revolution?	How do schools in England learn about the American Revolution?	What are the best places to visit in Goa on a 2.5 day trip?	What are all the best places to visit in goa?	How can I start learning the developing of websites using Python?	Where should I start at to learn about how to do Python?	Which was India first bank?	Which was the first bank of India?	What do I do when my Gmail has been hacked?	What can I do if my Gmail account was hacked?	What does cold symbolize in poetry?	What does a cold symbolize in poetry?	How can I improve my decision making skill?	How can I improve quick decision making skills?	Which is the best online IQ test available?	Where can I get legit online IQ test?	Can meth be out of my system in 6 days for my urine test.?	Will meth be in my system after 48 hrs?	What is use of computers in banking applications?	What is use of computer in banking application?	If vacuum gravitational and dark energy is created without limit as universe expands?	If energy is created and not conserved in an expanding universe (that expands without limit) can infinite energy be created then?	Which is the best book on personal finance?	What are the best books to read about " personal finance"?	What are the key benefits of SAP HANA training online?	What are the key benefits of SAP HANA  online training?	What are the safety precautions on handling shotguns proposed by the NRA in Minnesota?	What are the safety precautions on handling shotguns proposed by the NRA in Wisconsin?	Does Back to my Mac work?	How does Back to My Mac work?	How can I overcome social anxiety?	How do I overcome social anxiety?	How can I start a small scale 3D printing business?	How can I start a 3D printing business?	How do I get rid of scalp acne?	How do I to get rid of acne scars?	What can I do to get up early?	Why can I do get up early?	How do I make my penis longer?	How do you make your dick bigger?	What kind of technology I have to know to be a backend developer?	What technologies should I know to become a backend web developer?	What is your favorite 2016 movie?	What is your best 2016 movie?	How do I concentrate on my studies without getting distractedI am a stdxii student?	How do I concentrate on my studies without getting distracted?	How do I make money online with decent Photoshop skills?	How can I make money online with Photoshop skills?	Where can I found high quality very durable fire rated shutters in Sydney?	Where can I get best quality fire-resistant roller shutters in Sydney?	What are some amazing facts about Africa?	What are some unknown facts about Africa?	Do I need to reverse first and last names for Chinese people?	Do Chinese names typically begin with a person's last name before his/her first name? Why?	What would happen if India attacked Pakistan tomorrow?	What happen if india attack on Pakistan?	Which is the best job portal in India?	Which are the best job portals in India?	How do I make an Android app with Python? I want to make an app with artificial intelligence and an algorithm. Should I code it in Java or Python?	Can I make Android apps/games with Python? What are some examples?	What are some colors that go well with grey?	What colors go best with gray?	How do I get interest in studies?	What is the easiest way to take interest in studies?	What effect will Donald Trump's victory have on international students looking to study in USA?	What does Donald Trump's victory mean for the graduate students from Islamic countries?	What is your opinion about the change.org petition titled "Electoral College: Make Hillary Clinton President on December 19"?	What do you think about this petition for the electors to vote for Hillary instead of Trump on December 19th?	What will be the cut off for SSC CGL tier 1 2016?	What is the expected cut off for SSC CGL Tier 1 2016? Will cut off rise as the paper was easy and the vacancies are less?	What do they mean by self confidence?	What is meant by self confidence?	Why do people get sleepy after eating?	Why do I get so tired after eating?	Can I be arrested for downloading from torrents in India?	Is it the end of torrents in India?	How can we know when the strong force is stronger than the electromagnetic force?	How do we know the strong force is stronger than the electromagnetic force?	Which is the best joke you have ever heard?	What are some of the funniest jokes you've ever heard?	How do we time travel?	Is time traveling possible in future?	What are the best books to read to learn about human psychology?	What are the best books on social psychology?	What is the best thing to do to get rid of boredom?	What should I do to get away from boredom?	What can I do to start feeling better about myself?	How can I start feeling better about myself?	What are the best seasonings to use for mashed potatoes?	What type of spices go great with mashed potatoes?	What should I do to lose weight in one month?	How do I lose weight in a month?	Are there some chess clubs in India?	Is there any chess club in India?	Is there a saturation limit for a black hole?	Is there a limit to how much a supermassive black hole can eat?	How do I pass time?	What is the best way to pass time?	What secret can you not share with anyone?	What is the sexual secret that you can't share with anyone but anonymously?	What one thing you do in a day to keep yourself motivated?	What are things you can do to keep yourself motivated and constantly growing?	What is the best way to promote a business online? On a low or none budget	How can I promote my business online?	What was the best car of all time?	Which is the best car of all time?	What is the future of the robotics?	Where is the future of robotics headed?	What’s the best time to have sex?	What is best time to have sex?	Is demonetisation good for country like India?	Is demonetisation good for India?	Is a world war going to happen?	Are we near World War 3?	Is coffee bad for your kidneys?	Why is coffee bad for your kidneys?	How can I understand the concept of black holes better?	What do we understand about black holes?	What is the first step towards changing your life?	What's the first step to make if you want to change your life? What are the must do things in this case?	How can I change my profile pic on Quora?	How can I change my Quora profile photo?	What service is from Google?	What services is from Google?	How do I delete save message from everyone on Snapchat?	How do I delete a conversation from snapchat?	What are some good ways to deal with other people's criticism?	What is the best way to deal with criticism?	How can one learn to trust again?	How do you learn to trust?	Can one earn some money by posting answers on Quora?	Do we get money if we answer the questions on Quora?	How do I become an investment banker? What do they actually do?	How can one becomes an investment banker?	How can I start getting into Politics?	How would one start getting involved in politics?	How much do IIT professors get paid?	How much salary do professors at IIT get?	What could be some of the likely drawbacks in using a Reliance Jio sim?	Is there any catch in the Reliance jio preview offer?	I want to reduce my tummy .what should I do?	How can I reduce my tummy fat with minimum of efforts?	What is the salary of an assistant in CSS after 7th pay commission?	What would be the salary of an assistant section officer in CSS after seventh pay commission?	Where did soccer originate?	How did soccer originate?	What are the mind blowing facts about Rajdhani express?	What are some amazing facts about the Rajdhani Express?	How did Trump win the presidency?	How did Donald Trump win the Presidential election?	What is your review of ‘One Indian Girl’ by Chetan Bhagat (2016 book)?	What is your review of One Indian Girl by Chetan Bharat?	What's the meanest thing someone has ever said to you?	What is the meanest thing someone has ever said to you?	How do I calculate resistance?	How should you calculate resistance?	Can I change my eye colour using subliminal methods?	What can natrully change your eye color?	What are some of the books to understand the basics of the Indian economy?	What are some good websites/books to understand the Indian economy?	How can you determine the Lewis structure of OCN?	What is the Lewis structure for OCN? How is it determined?	In what way do you think the reservation system can be diminished in India?	How can this reservation system can be overthrown from India?	Will people be able to buy things online without net neutrality?	How could people buy things online without net neutrality?	What is the British perspective of India's struggle for independence?	What is British side of story of Indian independence?	What does a CPU actually do and how?	How CPU work in general?	What is the QuickBooks installation support phone number?	How can you resolve the problem of accounting software tool by quickbooks technical support number?	Why Can't India build world class weapons?	Why does the DRDO fail to develop a world class weapon?	Would a personal basketball trainer help us?	Will a personal basketball trainer help us?	What would you do if you were invisible for a day?	What would you do if you have invisible power for a day?	What is meant by kernel?	What is meant by Kernel? What does it do?	How can I improve in English?	What is the best path I should take to improve my English?	What are the best new camping tools that most people don't know about?	What are the best new camping invention that most people don't know about?	What is network marketing?	What is network marketing and how does it work?	What is the difference between bachelor of engineering and bachelor of techonology?	What is the difference between B.E. and B.Tech in engineering terms?	How are the video games made?	What is video games made out of?	What’s the value of your life?	What are the values of life?	What are some essential customer service skills?	How do I improve my customer service skills?	What are the differences between common law and statutory law and what are some examples?	What are the differences between common and statutory law and what are some examples?	How do actors change their accent?	How do actors learn accents?	How can I fix and iPod 5 that doesn't turn on?	Why won't my iPod Touch 4G turn on? How do I fix it?	What advice would you give to your 25 year old self?	What advice would you give to your 25-year-old self?	How do you take a screenshot on a Mac laptop?	How do you take a screenshot on a Mac?	What is the penultimate purpose of life?	What is the purpose of life? Why are we here?	How do I avoid living a boring life?	What are some tips for avoiding a boring life?	Did Hillary knowingly pay people to incite violence at Trump rallies and blame it on Trump supporters?	What do people have to say about the videos of Clinton staffers explaining how they got people to purposefully incite violence at Trump rallies?	How do I lose weight ayurvedically?	How can you lose weight fast in a healthy way?	What separates humans from animals?	How are humans different from other animal species?	Do new 2000 rupees have a GPS?	Is there really a chip embedded in the new Rupees 2000 note?	What do you think of trump's cabinet picks?	What do you think about Trump's cabinet?	What is "blue is the new black"?	What is blue is the new black?	What are some best movies ever in any language?	Which is the best movie you ever watched?	How do I improve my pronunciation in English?	What can I do to improve my English speaking?	How does one start a business/ at the age of 15?	How can I start a business at 15?	How do I know how many people saw my profile picture in WhatsApp?	What is the trick to know my WhatsApp profile visitors?	How do I recover my Gmail account if I forgot my Gmail password?	How do I reset my gmail password when I forgot my gmail password?	How do you log in to Facebook if you forgot your password?	Is it possible to login to Facebook without password?	How can I lose fat without doing any aerobic physical activity?	How can I lose my weight quickly without doing exercise?	How do I wake up at 5 am?	How do I wake up @5?	How can I get my account banned for life from Quora? I want to go out with a bang.	What do I have to do to get banned from quora?	What is the best decision you made in your life?	What was the best decision you ever made?	Why does black people have big penis?	Do black men have bigger penis?	What are some home remedies to get healthy hair for dry hair?	What are some home remedies for dry hair?	Can I claim HRA during ITR Filing?	Where can I claim HRA exemption during ITR filing?	Why isn't Hillary Clinton in jail?	Why isn't Hillary incarcerated yet?	What do I do when I can't control my anger?	How can someone control their anger?	How do I ask questions on here?	How do I post here?	Which language is more useful to learn - German or French?	Which language should I learn: German or French?	What is the origin of Chandragupta Maurya?	What are stories related to origins of Chandragupta Maurya?	What kind of relationship do China and Singapore have?	What is the relationship like between China and Singapore?	How can I increase English vocabulary?	How can I increase my vocabulary?	Why did Modi ban 500 and 1000 rupees notes and not 100 rupee notes?	Who suggested Narendra Modi to stop the circulation of Rs 500 and Rs 1000 notes?	Why is herpes bad for you?	How bad is having herpes?	How does a guided missile work?	What are guided missiles? How do they work?	I want to join the Peace Corps. Which countries are the best places to serve?	What are the Best countries to volunteer in peace corps?	How can we generate multiple income streams?	How can I generate multiple income streams?	What is the impact of demonetization on the Indian economy?	What is the impact of demonetization on Indian economy?	Why don't airlines have parachutes for passengers?	Why don't airlines invest in parachutes for each passenger and a hatch above their heads to eject them out if there is a disaster?	What are the best blogs on stock markets?	What are the best blogs about the stock market?	Why is the website of Yale University School of Art so bad?	Why is the Yale Art website so bad?	How are the placements in pdpu?	How is placement in PDPU?	What does the lock symbol on my iPhone 6 means?	What is the lock symbol button on my iPhone 4?	What is it like to be human?	What is it to be like a human?	How can we improve our handwriting?	What are the ways in which I can improve my handwriting?	How is Samsung Galaxy S7 compared to iPhone 6s Plus?	Which one out of Samsung Galaxy S7 and IPhone 6s is better?	Can I take an official online IQ test?	Where can I do an official iq test for free?	What are some ways to help the environment?	How can I help the environment?	What worries you?	What worries you the most?	How do you apply for business permit and license?	How do I apply for a business permit license?	What programs are used to make the first programming languages?	What programming language was used to create the first programming language?	What are inspirational movies to watch?	Which are best inspirational movies?	What are the adaptations of a great white shark?	What are some adaptations of the great white shark?	Why do you use a capo d'astro?	When does a guitarist need to use a capo d’astro?	Is it dangerous to be an Uber driver?	How dangerous is Uber for drivers/passengers?	Which are the best songs of Udit Narayan?	Which is the best song of Udit Narayan and why?	How do I find my lost dog?	How do I find lost dog?	Could we potentially run on out of drinking water in the future?	Will we ever run out of fresh water?	What are some examples of symmetry in arthropods' anatomies?	What are some examples of symmetry in arthropods' anatomies? How do they function?	How do fish and deep-sea creatures withstand the pressures deep under the ocean?	How deep sea creatures survive under so high water pressure.?	How can I learn to lead as a woman for salsa dancing?	What is the best way to learn salsa dancing?	Can you control your dream?	Can you control your dreams?	What is difference between solution and mixture?	What is the difference between a solution and a mixture?	How do you create an email account?	How do I make email account?	Who do you think will win IPL 6 (2013)?	Who will win IPL 2013?	What is the scariest horror movie you've even seen?	Which is the most frightening horror movie you've seen?	I'm 18. How can I make money online?	What is the best way for making money online?	Egg IsVeg or non veg?	Eggs are veg or non veg?	Quora says "Your question (insert topic here) may need editing to be easier to understand." I am not the OP. What must I do?	Why am I being told by Quora "Your question X may need editing …" when I never actually asked that question, although I might have answered it?	What are the best horror movies of 2016?	What are some best horror movies of 2016?	How exactly does banning Rs 500 and Rs 1000 notes curb the problem of black money?	Would demonetization of 500 and 1000 rupee notes actually help in curbing black money in India?	How to organize my time?	How can I organize my time better?	How is 0! = 1?	Why is 0! equal to 1?	How would you speed your B2B sales up by slowing the process down?	How can one speed their B2B sales up by slowing the process down?	What are the career options available for an electrical engineering graduate?	What are career options after graduating in electrical engineering particularly in the circuit design area?	Why does the Rhizobium bacteria appear only on leguminous plants and not on other plants?	Why do the rhizobium bacteria appear on leguminous plants and not on other plants?	What would ISPs block if we didnt have net neutrality?	What would happen if ISPs blocked something like Facebook or Google in the absence of net neutrality?	How do you get a champagne cork back into its bottle?	How can I recap a champagne bottle?	How likely is World War III in the future?	Is World War III on its way right now?	How do we prepare for UPSC?	How should I prepare for IAS now?	What are they Key(s) to success?	What are the keys of success?	Where can I find a free professional astrology reading?	Where can you get a free astrological report from a professional astrologer?	Entrepreneurship in India: Any new Business ideas with lesser investment?	What are some new business ideas with lesser investment?	What are the best methods to avoid rats from car?	How do I keep rats away from my car?	What did I do wrong when my question is marked as "Needs Improvement"?	When a question on Quora is marked as 'needing improvement" does that make it invisible?	Why do folks ask questions on Quora that a Google search could answer faster and more accurately?	Why are there so many people using Quora to answer questions that can easily be found with a simple Google search?	What are some best Hollywood romantic movies to watch?	What are some good romantic movies to watch?	When will Apple release the next generation of MacBook Pros ?	When will the next Macbook Pro (2016) be released?	Does masturbation causes pimples?	Can masturbation be the cause of acne?	Who do you think will run for president as a democrat in 2020?	Who are the likely Democrat politicians who might oppose Trump in 2020?	Improve english by watching tv series?	Will watching America TV serials help improve my English?	How long does it take before marijuana is out of your system? Is there any way to do it faster?	How long does it take weed to get out of your system?	How is Quora different from Wikipedia?	Is Quora better than Wikipedia?	How can I increase my followers and likes on Instagram?	How do I increase my followers on Instagram?	What are the repercussions of 500 and 1000 rupee notes not being legal tender anymore?	How will the ban on Rs. 1000 and Rs. 500 notes impact Indian economy?	Which is the best laptop to buy under INR 45K?	Which is the best laptop to buy under 45k?	How do I logout from Quora app?	How I can I logout from Quora?	What's the biggest mistake you have ever made?	What is the biggest mistake you have ever made in your life and regret it alot?	What is the best quadcopter for under $200?	What's the best drone that you can buy for under $200?	Will WW3 happen at some point in 2017?	Will WW3 happen if Clinton is elected as new PM?	Is diploma equivalent to graduation?	Why is a diploma equivalent to a graduation?	Should India declare war against Pakistan?	Should India declare war against Pakistan as they are spreading terrorism in India?	Is history from a personal account trustworthy?	Why is history from a personal account trustworthy?	How can I realistically make money online?	How can I earn money part time online?	What is the best mid cap mutual fund for investment?	What are the best performing mutual fund for investment in Mid cap?	Why did Hillary Clinton delete her emails?	Why did Hillary Clinton delete the emails?	Why do cats clean themselves by licking their body?	Why do cats clean themselves so often?	How is paleontology and archaeology different?	How do archaeology and paleontology differ?	What is the difference between BSc physical science and BSc life science? What are their future scopes?	Is there any scope in a BSc of life science or a BSc in physic science?	How different from each other were the space shuttles?	Were all the space shuttles identical inside?	What's your New Year 2017 resolution?	What is your New Year resolution?	When will start Infosys sending DOJ for september 2016?	When will Infosys start sending DOJ for september 2016?	Do you believe in fate or free will?	Do you believe in free will or destiny? Why?	What it is like to have sex first time?	How is your first sex experience?	How is reverse swing different from normal swing?	What is the difference between swing and reverse swing?	What is the physical meaning of operating voltage detectors?	What is the physical meaning of operating voltage of detectore?	What is the November blackout all about?	Is the November blackout really going to occur?	What's the worst thing your friend has done to you?	What is the worst thing a friend has ever done to you?	Who were some of the most influential women in history?	Who is the most influential woman in history?	What are your 2017 New Year’s resolution(s)?	What is your 2017 New Year’s resolution?	What is a 4 stroke car engines?	What is 2 stroke or 4 stroke?	I am in a process to loose weight. How much water should I drink in a day?	How much water should I drink a day to lose weight?	What kind of shoes should I wear with a grey lace dress?	What kind of shoes can I wear with a grey lace dress?	Is Lexus better than Toyota?	Should I buy Lexus or Toyota?	How can I make money from Quora?	How people make money by answering questions in Qoura?	What is the best programming/coding language to learn?	What's a good and easy programming language to learn?	Should a 13 year old have sex?	Can a 13 years old boy have sex?	Who will win war between Russia and US?	Who would win in a war between Russia and the US?	How do I get admission in IIT?	How can I get admission in to the IIT?	Why are introverts so expressive on Quora and shy in real life?	Why are introverts so expressive on Quora?	What is the gesture that David Bowie is making on "Heroes"?	What does David Bowie’s gesture on the cover of the album "Heroes" mean?	How do I get rid off from porn addiction?	How do I self rehab from masturbation and porn addiction?	What is the best TV series and why?	Which TV show is best ever?	What is the current GDP of India?	What is India's current GDP?	Is there a chance that Donald Trump turns out to be a very good president?	Donald Trump: Would you be a good president?	Which company offers better job location comparing IOCL and HPCL for an officer?	Which company is better to work for: HPCL or IOCL?	Is air considered a fluid or a gas? Why?	Is air considered a fluid?	Why has NASA so far not found alien artifacts on the worlds of the solar system?	Has NASA found aliens?	Why do people ask questions on Quora that can easily be answered by Google?	Why do some people ask simple direct science questions in Quora when there are sufficient resources available in internet?	What is recruitment process for chassis and brakes international?	What is recruitment process for the chassis & brakes international?	What are the main causes of schizophrenia?	What is the cause of schizophrenia?	What are some of the best ways to find inner peace?	How did you find inner peace?	What is your current goal and why?	What is your current goal?	How can I hack Facebook?	When and how is anonymous going to hack Facebook?	What is the best way to upload an audio file to YouTube?	What is the easiest way to upload audio alone to YouTube?	How does one earn money online without an investment from home?	What is the easiest way to earn money from online?	Do we have any proof that we live in a simulation?	Are humans part of a simulation?	Will there be a Third season of permanent roommates?	Biswapati Sarkar: Is there a season 3 of Permanent Roommates coming?	What's the most embarrassing thing that's happened to you in front of your crush?	What was the most embarrassing moment in front of your girlfriend?	How do I get rid of a cold fast?	How can I get rid of a cold quickly and effectively?	What is the best way to teach children the alphabet?	How can I teach my kids the alphabet?	Belief and Beliefs: Can the existence of a god be proven or disproven?	Can the existence of God be either proved or negated?	Why is the philosophy important?	Why is philosophy important?	What is your New Year Resolution?	What is your resolution for this year 2017?	What's the most selfless act you have ever seen?	What is the most selfless act you have ever witnessed?	Why did Hillary avoid the question about the conflict of interest of the Clinton Foundation when she was Secretary of State?	Did Hillary avoid answering the question about whether or not her donors would have "special access" to her?	What's the difference between a Persian and an Iranian?	What is the difference between saying "iran/persia" and "persian/iranian"?	Why doesn't Apple use quad HD displays in the iPhones?	Why doesn't Apple use quad HD displays in the iPhone 7 and 7 Plus?	How can I get better job in civil engineering?	How do I get a job in civil engineering?	What are the bitter truths for going to Canada for B.Engineering as an Indian?	What are the bitter truths and/or reality of going to Canada for a Bachelor's in Engineering as an Indian?	What is the difference between precise and accurate?	What is the difference between precision and accuracy?	What is the Indian economy?	What is way for knowing Indian economy?	Who are the greatest journalists of all time?	Who is the greatest journalist of all time?	Does objective beauty exist?	Philosophy: What is beauty? Does objective beauty exist?	Whom should I ask for the best solutions to QuickBooks' technical issues?	What is the best Quickbooks technical support number?	How much money do I need to start trading?	How much money is required to start trading stocks?	Why do I always feel sleepy in college lectures?	Why does one feel sleepy during boring lectures? Which part of our brain is responsible for this?	How do I fix or import a badly formatted or not readable AEP project?	How do I fix or import a bad format or not readable AEP project?	How corrupt is Prime Minister Narendra Modi Government?	How corrupt is Narendra Modi?	How can I attain a photographic memory?	How do I develop a photographic memory?	How should I study (give me a study plan) for 1st year mbbs?	What are some study plans for the MBBS 1st year?	What are some suggested heart touching (English) love songs?	What are the most beautiful english love songs?	Can I find or track my lost mobile device using the IMEI number?	Is it possible to find back my lost android phone with the help of imei number?	How much money do I need to start a successful online clothing store?	How much would it cost to start a successful online clothing store?	What types of woman nightwears the best for girls?	Which type of woman nightwear is the best for girls?	Which is best phone under 10000?	Smartphones: What is the best phone to buy below 10k rupees?	Will banning 500 and 1000 notes can stop the black money?	How can scrapping use of 500 and 1000 rupee currency notes in India solve problem of corruption?	Which is the best coaching in Patna for the IIT-JEE?	Which is the best IIT coaching in Patna?	How do I gain some healthy weight?	What are some of the best ways to gain weight in a healthy way?	How is the Lewis dot structure for Br2 determined?	What is the Lewis dot structure for br2?	What's it like to be in a relationship with a married man?	What does it feel like to be in a relationship with a married man?	What are all the additional courses must be read while studying B.E in mechanical engineering?	What are the best additional courses for mechanical engineers for getting job?	Which overseas education consultancy is best in Mumbai?	Which are the best overseas education consultants in Mumbai?	How can I better manage my anxiety?	How can I manage my anxiety?	Which is the best book for core Java?	What is the best book for beginners to learn java?	Is it possible to hack whats app?	How can I hack whatsapp?	What are best hybrid app development framework?	Which is the best hybrid app development framework and why?	How does my Facebook friend find me on Quora?	How do I find Facebook friends on Quora?	Does Paytm use a mobile recharge API?	What mobile recharge API is best and trustworthy? Does paytm use a mobile recharge API?	What's the weirdest first date you ever had?	What is the weirdest date you have been on?	What is your best lawyer joke?	What is the best lawyer joke?	What is the solution for Quora marking your every question as needing improvement?	What makes a question on Quora needing improvement?	How can I learn hacking at home?	How do you learn about hacking?	How do I purchase Twitter followers?	What is the best way to buy Twitter followers?	What could be the consequences of recalling 500 and 1000 rupee note?	What will be the effects after banning on 500 and 1000 rupee notes?	How can I break my habit of eating junk food?	How do I stop eating fast food?	How can I get into the habit of doing reality checks?	How can I get into a habit of doing reality checks?	How can I increase my presence of mind?	How can I improve my presence of mind?	Which is better B.Tech in biotechnology or chemical engineering?	Which is better chemical engineering or biotechnology?	Who is the luckiest person in the world?	Who is most luckiest person?	How do I overcome shyness in front of girls?	How do i overcome shyness while talking to girls?	What is drone?	What is a drone?	How do I understand a summary statement of cash flows?	What is the statement of cash flows?	What could be the reason behind Arnab Goswami quitting Times Now?	Is Arnab Goswami quitting from Times now?	Why does the world sounds so unfair?	Why is this world so unfair?	What are some of the most epic movie scenes ever?	What are some of the most epic movie scenes?	How can I check if a website offering a niche service is a scam? What are the main things to look at?	How can you check if a website is safe and not a scam?	How do I improve my English language?	How do I improve my pronunciation in English?	What is a rectifier?	What is rectifier?	Should I wait for the release of the new Macbook Pro (August 2016) or buy one now?	Should I buy a MacBook pro or wait for 2016 release?	Why did the US attack Iraq?	Why did the USA attack & destroy Iraq?	Is IELTS or pte easier?	Which is easier: PTE or IELTS?	Why has the Modi Government banned the 500 and 1000 rupee notes?	Why the Modi government ban the 500 and 1000 notes?	How can you check to see if a passport is fake?	How do you know if a passport is fake?	What are some good review sites?	What are the best review sites?	What are some books to start reading?	What are some books that I can start reading?	What is a good substitute for scallions?	What are the best substitutes for scallions?	What are your opinions on Harry Potter and the Cursed Child?	What is your review of Harry Potter and the Cursed Child?	Where can I found modern colours and textures for floor tiles in Sydney?	Where can I get wonderful floor tiles company in Sydney?	Are there any career option for a Physical Science graduate in Egyptology?	Are there any career options for a Physical Science graduate in Egyptology?	Should people over 94 not be allowed to vote?	Should people over 98 not be allowed to vote?	What is your biggest regret of your life?	What’s your biggest regret that you have in your life so far?	How do I find a basic purpose in my life?	How can I find the aim of my life?	How should you prepare to take your maneuverability test in the state of Ohio?	How should you prepare to take a maneuverability test in Ohio?	Why do you like your job?	Do you like your job? What makes you like your job?	How can I protect my ideas from being stolen?	How do I protect a business idea from being stolen from VC? How do I protect the idea from being copied?	How do you raise self confidence?	How can I improve my confidence?	Which is the best laptop under Rs 60000 for gaming in India?	Which is the best gaming laptop in 60000 Rs?	How is Donald Trump a better choice than Hillary Clinton?	Who is the better candidate for being the President of the United States of America: Hillary Clinton or Donald Trump?	How do I start a cafe?	What are requirements I would need to start my own cafe?	What's the difference between mice and rats?	What is the difference between mouse and a rat?	Why is Saltwater taffy candy imported in Australia?	Why is Saltwater taffy candy imported in Switzerland?	Will banning Rs.500 and Rs.1000 notes help to solve black money and corruption?	How will banning the present 500/1000 notes fight black money if it can be exchanged?	What are the major differences between Artificial Intelligence and Data Science?	What is the major difference between Artificial Intelligence and Data Science?	How can we learn faster?	How do you learn the most in the shortest time?	How do I write a horror novel?	How do you write a gothic horror story?	How much do corporate lawyers make per year?	How much do lawyers make?	What is overpopulation? What are the cause and effects?	What are the causes of overpopulation?	What is the last thing you would like to do before you die?	What do you want to accomplish before you die?	How can I turn guitar chords into ukelele chords?	How do I transpose guitar chords to ukulele chords?	What does seeing the number 44 everywhere mean?	What does it mean to see the number 44 everywhere?	What will parenting trends look like in 2017?	What are parenting trends going to look like in the future?	What are your opinions about scrapping Rs. 500 and Rs. 1000 notes?	What is your opinion of Indian government taking off Rs 500 and Rs 1000 currency notes?	How do I activate call log and sms sync with gmail account?	How can I backup my SMS and call logs from a phone to my Gmail account?	How many Pakistanis can speak Punjabi?	How many Pakistanis can understand Punjabi?	Are there any cheap places to stay in Goa?	What are cheap but good hotels to live in goa?	Is the fear of death irrational?	Can fear of death be considered as irrational?	What is the QuickBooks contact number?	Which is the best QuickBooks Tech Support Number?	Where do I find English-dubbed episodes of Fairy Tail?	Where can I watch Fairy Tail episodes English dubbed online?	Can Amazon sell something at more than the printed MRP (India)?	Can Amazon sell me a product for more than the MRP printed on the product?	What is the superstition regarding your eye twitching? Is there any validity to it?	What superstitious beliefs surround an eye twitching?	How IS CFA exams?	What is the CFA exam?	How can I have a blue tick mark at the end of my name on Quora?	How can I get a blue tick mark on Quora?	Why do you need to multiply the denominators when you multiply fractions?	Why are denominators multiplied together when we multiply fractions?	What is the best scripting language to learn today?	Which is the best programming language for a beginner to learn?	What are the best arguments against atheism?	What is a logical argument against atheism?	Which is the best institute for preparing for GMAT in Delhi/NCR?	Which are the best GMAT coaching institutes in Delhi/NCR?	Can I transfer pdfs into Kindle?	Can I transfer my pdf documents to KINDLE?	What are some cool Android phone hacks?	What are some cool smartphone hacks?	What's the difference between strategy and tactics?	What is the difference of strategy and tactics?	How can I improve my English in all aspects?	What should I do to improve my spoken English?	Why do pimples smell?	Why would pimples smell?	What is the best option trading strategy?	What are the best options trading strategies? How are they executed?	What would happen if the whole world had the same currency?	What will happen if all the nations have had the same currency?	How do you pass a swab drug test for crystal meth?	How can I pass a drug screen for crystal meth?	How can I get a hacker?	How do I get in touch with a hacker?	What makes a woman unattractive?	What makes women unattractive?	What are the expected consequences of Declaring 500 and 1000 rupee notes as illegal?	How will India be affected now that 500 and 1000 rupee notes have been banned?	What causes illegal immigration?	What are some problems caused by illegal immigration?	Is anything truly anonymous?	Is anonymous really anonymous?	What is the most durable tempered glass screen for OnePlus 3?	Which tempered glass should I buy for an OnePlus 3?	Why do people use Quora when we already have google?	Why use Quora when Google answers almost everything?	Why does the universe exist? Why is there something rather than nothing?	Why does universe exist?	Which is the best book to know about Wahhabi Islam?	Which is the best book to know about the Wahhabi Islam?	My cat is throwing up foamy stuff. Some of it is yellow/white. What is this and what can I do?	Should I take my cat to the vet if it is throwing up yellow liquid?	What are all reasons of Erectile dysfunction?	What are the reason for Erectile dysfunction?	Is there any evidence supporting beliefs in a connection between quantum physics and consciousness?	Is there any scientific evidence that there is a relationship between quantum physics and consciousness?	Why China and Pakistan friendship is so strong?	Why are China and Pakistan friends?	Why there is a ban of 500 and 1000 notes?	What are the advantages and disadvantages of 500 and 1000 rupees ban in India?	When do we use calculus in real life?	How is calculus used in the real world?	How would a war between the US and China play out?	Who will win if war erupts between China & US?	How could bringing in new 500 and 2000 rupee notes by the Indian govt eradicate black money?	How will replacing 1000 notes with 2000 notes going to stop corruption and black money?	Is there life beyond or after IIT?	What is life after IIT?	What is reality? Is this real life?	What is reality?	What are the good career option after b.tech in electrical engineering from an NIT?	What are the career options after electrical and electronics engineering?	What if the earth begin to rotate in the opposite direction of its orbit?	What would happen if Earth started to rotate in the opposite direction?	What happens after something is "sucked" into a black hole?	What happens to matter when it gets sucked by a black hole?	Which is the best WhatsApp forward you have seen?	What are some funny WhatsApp forward messages?	What is Singapore like for Indians?	What is it like to live in Singapore as an Indian?	Why do trees acquire more leaves in summer?	Why do trees acquire more leaves during summer?	What are the criteria for gaining citizenship in the Netherlands? Does an international student need to know Dutch in order to attend a university in the Netherlands?	What r the criteria of gettin citizenship in Netherlands? Does an International student need2know Dutch to b able2study in a university of Netherlands?	What is a way to get your eyes to change color or get lighter?	Will drinking lemon water or dropping honey in eyes make your eye color lighter?	Why are all my questions on Quora marked needing improvement?	Why my question was marked as needing imrovement?	I have bad anxiety. Does meditation work?	Does mindfulness meditation really work?	What is the best method to remove old stretch marks?	What's the best cream to remove or minimize old stretch marks?	How should I start my civil service preparation?	What is the best way to prepare for civil service examination?	Have you ever encountered a ghost?	Have you ever seen ghost?	What can I do to improve my English speaking?	What should I do to improve my spoken English?	How does one start a hedge Fund?	How can I start a hedge fund?	What is the best photo you have taken with your cell phone?	What is the most remarkable photo you have ever taken using your mobile phone?	How do I get over failure?	How do I get over a major failure?	What is the afterlife like?	What will the afterlife be like?	Is there a way to find out if an email you sent was read?	Yahoo: How can I tell if my sent email was received or read?	How do I sing high notes easily?	How do I sing high note easily?	What are the hacks to buy Redmi 3s in flash sale?	What are the tricks to buy Redmi 3s in a flash sale?	How Roman Empire was successful for a long time?	Why was the Roman Empire so successful?	Why is psychology interesting or important?	Why is psychology important?	Which is best gaming laptop under 60000?	Which laptop is better till 60000?	Which phone should I buy under INR 15K?	Which is the best phone under 15000 Rs.?	Is climate change stoppable?	Is climate change irreversible?	What are some mind blowing car technology that most people don't know?	What are some mind-blowing car technology tools that most people don't know about?	Why should one vote for Hillary Clinton in the 2016 presidential election?	Why should I vote for Hillary instead of why I shouldn't vote for Trump?	What are phasor diagrams?	What is a phasor diagram?	What is the life like in Netherlands?	What is life like living in the Netherlands?	Was tamil actor M G Ramachandran overrated?	Was former Tamil Nadu chief minister and actor m g ramachandran overrated?	Which is the best laptop under 60k in india?	Which is the best laptop available in India in a budget of 60k?	Is Russia a poor country?	Is Russia poor?	How do we deal with depression?	How do I deal with this depression of mine?	Is it possible that a woman can be in love with 2 men at a same time?	Can someone love two people at a time?	What scientific proof supports parallel universes?	Does science have any proof that parallel universes exist?	What will be the future of mental health treatment?	In what ways will mental health professions change in the next 20 years?	What is a procedural language?	What is a procedural programming language?	How do you deal with a maggot infestation?	How can I deal with this maggot infestation?	Why doesn't anyone reply to my questions on Quora?	How come nobody is answering my questions in Quora?	What should I learn for game programming?	What programming languages should I learn for game development?	What is it like to talk to a Sociopath?	How does it feel to talk to a sociopath?	Why the Modi government ban the 500 and 1000 notes?	Did the Indian government ban the 500 Rs & 1000 rupees notes?	What do people do in heaven on a daily basis?	What do people do in heaven?	What is the difference between a yellow and an orange egg yolk?	What does the pale yellow egg yolk means as compared to hue or orange colour egg yolk?	How do you save a blog post on Quora?	How do I find and save blog posts on Quora?	What is the best earphones available under Rs.2000 (around 35 usd)?	What are the Best earphones under 2000₹?	How can I know about best hotels in Ranikhet of Uttrakhand?	How can I know about the best hotels in Ranikhet of Uttrakhand?	Is vaseline the same as petroleum jelly?	How is vaseline the same as petroleum jelly? How do they differ?	Why do men have to cheat?	Why do many men cheat?	How do I get my money back from an we chat scammer?	What can I do to get back my money from a scammer?	Which Quoran has the most followers?	Which Quora user has the most followers?	What's your review for the movie Ae Dil Hai Mushkil?	Should I watch Ae dil hai mushkil?	What's the best programming language to learn in 2016?	What are good programming language to start with before I advance?	How can I get rid of my mobile phone addiction?	How do I get rid of phone addiction?	How do you know if someone is a psychopath?	How can I find out if I'm a psychopath?	What are some ways of smart study?	What are some tips for self study?	How has Barack Obama improved race relations in this country?	Have race relations in the US deteriorated since Barack Obama became president?	How can I get an internship at IISc?	How can I get an internship in iisc?	Psychology of Everyday Life: What are some things that make Indians happy?	What are some things that makes Indian's happy?	What are the good game stalls ideas that which gives much money than others at college fests?	What are some ideas for stalls in college fest?	Should triple talaq be abolished?	Why triple talaq should be banned?	How can I continue to improve my English?	How can improve my English speaking?	What will the people who have Black Money in Swiss Bank do after the demonetisation of ₹1000 & ₹500 note?	Will the corrupt politicians still have their black money safe in Swiss Bank even after the scrapping of old Rs 500 and Rs 1000 note?	Is it true that the new Rs. 2000 currency notes in India will have a nano GPS chip?	Do the new notes in India need the GPS chip?	Why do people ask questions on Quora while They can get all the answers by Googling?	Why do people ask basic questions instead of searching them?	Where and how is the WWE championship belt made?	How is the WWE championship belt made?	Why do many men cheat?	Why is it that most men cheat?	Why did the Indian government ban Rs. 500 and Rs. 1000 currency?	Why Modi is putting a ban on 500 and 1000 notes?	Which answer got the most upvotes on Quora?	What is the most viewed and most up voted answer on Quora?	What is the best method of learning to speak a language?	How do I start with learning a new language?	What are some some bad fact about mahatma gandhi?	What are some bad thing about Mohandas karamchand Gandhi?	What kind of applications can be developed using SAP HANA?	What kind of applications can be developed by using SAP HANA?	Why will ISPs block forum sites when we lose net neutrality?	Why wouldn't internet providers block forum sites if we didn't have net neutrality?	What will be the impact of the step taken to ban the 500 & 1000 rupee note on Indian economy?	How will the ban on Rs. 1000 and Rs. 500 notes impact Indian economy?	How do I overcome fear of the dark/ghosts?	How can I overcome my fear of ghosts and the dark?	What do you like about local neighbor coffee shops?	Why do people love their local coffee shop?	Is it possible to use minimax algorithm for a multiplayer game?	Is it possible to use minmax algorithm for multiplayer game?	How much is the Taj Mahal worth?	How much is Taj Mahal worth?	How do I improve my pronunciation in English?	HOw do I speak Fluent English?	What if Iran won the Iran-Iraq war?	What if Iran would have won the Iran-Iraq War?	What is your honest opinion on feminism?	What are peoples opinions on feminism?	What will be the implications of banning 500 and 1000 rupees currency notes on Indian economy?	What are your views on India banning 500 and 1000 notes? In what way it will affect Indian economy?	Do you think Donald Trump or Hillary Clinton will be the next president of the US?	Whom do you expect to become the next president of the USA: hillary Clinton or Donald Trump and why?	What are the character traits of a Chihuahua/Pitbull mix?	What are the character traits of a Pitbull/Chihuahua mix?	How do I prune my fig tree?	How and when should you prune a fig tree?	What's preventing India from being a superpower nation?	India: What's preventing India from being a superpower?	How do I find my lost phone using imei number without going to police?	How can I find my lost device with imei number?	How will the new currency notes of denomination 500 and 2000 curb black money?	How will the ban on 500 and 1000 rupee note stop black money?	How can I know if someone has blocked me on WhatsApp?	How do I find if someone has blocked me on watsapp?	How do you become an online travel agent?	How do you become a travel agent online?	How can I start a business with 50000?	How do I make business with 50000?	What is the process to immigrate to USA?	How can I immigrate to USA?	How do nonprofit organizations make money?	How do nonprofits make money?	Why do Indians support Trump?	Why Do Indians support Donald trump?	What do the Olympic rings represent?	What is the significance of the five Olympic rings and what do they represent?	Why does skill in dancing enhance one's social status?	Why does the ability to dance well enhance one's social standing?	Where can I watch free streaming movies online?	Where can I watch movies online for free?	What will be the impact on property prices due to the scrapping of Rs 500 and Rs 1000 notes?	How will real estate prices be affected in India after banning of 500 and 1000 rupees notes?	What can be the reaction of India after the recent Uri attack?	What should be India's reaction on the Uri attack?	What is Hillary Clinton's policy towards India-US relations?	What is the foreign policy of the United States towards India be if Hillary Clinton were elected its president?	What does CC of an engine indicate?	What does CC of an IC engine indicate?	What if India and China were a single country? What would have been the world scenario?	What if China and India combined?	What are the strongest military powers?	What are the strongest military armies in the world?	Is WWE real or fake? Is the result decided before the match?	Is WWE real or just acting?	Can we earn on Quora?	Can I earn through Quora?	Which are the best small business marketing strategies to grow your business smartly?	What are the best business to business marketing strategies?	How can I pick a lock?	How do you pick locks?	How did you quit/stop smoking?	How do you quit smoking?	How can I hack the others Facebook account?	What is the easiest way to hack Facebook account?	How do I gain some healthy weight?	What is the best weight gain treatment for gaining weight?	How do I improve my reading comprehension in English?	How do I improve my reading comprehension in English more efficiently?	Is Abortion wrong? Why? Why not?	Is abortion morally wrong?	Why do people ask questions whose answer can be easily found on the internet?	Why do so many people ask things on Quora that they could just as easily Google?	Where can I get an affordable and hassle free service for property transaction in Sydney?	Where can I get best legal support for property transaction in Sydney?	Why do we have stage fright? How do we overcome it?	How do I get rid of a very bad stage fright?	Which is the best laptop I can buy in india for Rs.25000-30000?	Which is the best laptop model to buy within 30k?	Which VR headset will be compatible with Motorola g4 plus?	What are best VR headsets for Moto G4 Plus?	What is best way to learn English speaking?	What is the best way to improve my spoken English soon?	Why Indian government abruptly announced the demonetization of 500 and 1000 rupees currency?	Is Modi's decision on demonetization of 500 and 1000 notes welcomed by public?	Which is the best website to download hindi songs?	Which are the best websites to download Hindi songs?	What is VMware Use for?	What does VMware do?	Why is India so bad at Olympics?	Why India is so bad at Olympics? Is it because India is poor?	What are some good and bad benefits of banning 500 and 1000 rupees notes in India?	What are the pros and cons of banning and replacing ₹500 and ₹1000 notes in India?	How do I get into the Merchant Navy?	How do I join merchant navy?	How does the steam in a coffee machine work? What will it do?	What will steam in a coffee machine work?	How do i overcome shyness while talking to girls?	How do you overcome shyness with girls?	Is it possible to survive without a liver?	Is it possible to live without a liver?	What costume should I wear for Halloween?	What should I dress as for Halloween?	Who is the current education minister of India in 2016?	Who is the current education Minister of India 2016?	What does toe cheese taste like and how many calories per serving?	What does toe jam cheese taste like?	What is an easy way make money online?	What is the best way for making money online?	Do multivitamins really help people?	Do multivitamins work?	What are some of your favorite psychological thriller films?	What are the best psychological thriller movies of all time?	What is the most important thing in our life?	What do you think is the most important thing in life?	Why are insects attracted towards light?	Why are some insects attracted to light?	Why is Australia sometimes be considered as an Asian country?	Should Australia be recognized as an Asian country?	What are some of the most unbelievable photos?	What are some of the most unbelievable yet "true" pictures?	What is a correct explanation of the TV show Lost?	What is the TV show Lost about?	What are the functional differences between veins and arteries?	What is the difference between veins and arteries?	What are the flaws in Indian Education system?	What are the Major problems in Indian education system?	Do Sikhs want a separate nation?	Why do the Sikhs in India want independence from India?	How does the HP OfficeJet 4620 Airprint compare to the HP DesignJet T1530 36-in PostScript Printer?	How does the HP OfficeJet 4620 Airprint compare to the HP DeskJet 1112 Printer?	How should I write a book title in a paper?	How do you write a book title?	How do I improve my standard typing speed per minute?	How can one improve their typing skills?	Do you realize if Clinton wins we will go to war with Russia? She will be the cause of ww3?	Will Hillary Clinton make decisions that escalate into a war with Russia?	What are the goals of the Galileo global navigation satellite system?	What can the Galileo navigation satellite system do?	Cosmetology: What are the best private label cosmetic companies?	China cosmetic companies?	How important is virginity for you?	How important is/was your virginity to you?	Is zero point energy or vacuum energy infinite in real world?	Is zero point energy/vacuum energy infinite in real world?	What is the most beautiful moment in your life?	What is the most beautiful moments in your life?	What is the best Korean dramas of all time?	What are best Korean dramas to watch?	How do you buy a blood pressure monitor?	Where can I purchase blood pressure monitor?	How do I download a complete playlist from YouTube?	How do I add videos from youtube to a playlist and then download that playlist?	What is the best thing you done on internet?	What is the best thing to do on the internet?	What are the worst movies ever made?	What is the worst movie you have ever seen?	Does the South Beach Diet work?	What is the South Beach Diet? Has it been medically proven to work?	Where do I find a canadian family office database?	Where can I find a database of Canadian family offices?	How will Modi's ban of Rs 500 and Rs 1000 affect those who are having black money?	PM announces to withdraw 500 and 1000 rupees denominations: How is it going to affect a person with black money?	Can you lose weight without exercising?	How can I loose weight naturally without doing exercise?	Is it advisable to buy an LED TV online?	Is it advisable to buy LED TV online?	How do I get more views on youtube video?	How do I get more views on my YouTube Videos?	How do people still think the Earth is flat even though it's proven wrong?	Why do people still believe in flat earth?	How will the decision of scrapping INR 500 and INR 1000 notes affect real estate prices?	How will be the banning of 500 and 1000 rupees notes will have impact on real estate and Construction industry in India?	What do House Republicans think of President Obama?	What do Senate Republicans think of President Obama?	What are the best car technology gadgets?	What are some of the best car technology based car gadgets?	Will the ban on 500 and 100 rupee have any economic impact?	What is your opinion on the discontinuation of 500 and 1000 rupee notes?	How does chocolate chips and chocolate morsels differ?	How do chocolate morsels and chocolate chips differ?	How can I make money online quickly and easily?	How can I start to make money online?	What are some parameters to know that one is lying?	What are some tips to know when someone is lying?	Who will win the US presidential elections 2016: Hillary Clinton or Donald Trump?	Will Donald Trump or Hillary Clinton win the 2016 US presidential election?	How can I start to make money online?	What are some easy ways to make done extra money online?	How will be my career if I chose MBA after b.tech in mechanical engineering?	What are all the available options for government jobs after completing B.Tech in mechanical engineering?	I really like this girl. How can I tell if she likes me?	How do I know whether a girl likes me?	How one can deal with a breakup?	How do I get over a breakup?	Which is the best YouTube Channel you ever subscribed to?	What are some best YouTube channels to subscribe and why?	How can I stop my dog from chewing my shoes?	How do you stop your Beagle/Pointer mix puppy from biting your shoes?	Why do some people ask simple direct science questions in Quora when there are sufficient resources available in internet?	Why do some people on QUORA ask questions that they can easily findout on Google?	Is the Middle East poor and/or underdeveloped? Or not?	Is the Middle East poor?	How can I delete my Instagram account if I forgotten the email I used?	How do I delete an Instagram account if I don't know the email or password?	What is the best time to brush your teeth?	When is the best time to brush your teeth?	Is there an I phone app that can change a female voice to a male voice while making a call?	How do I disguise my voice while making phone calls? Is there any app of the sort?	What should you not say in a job interview?	What are some toxic words that should not be used in a job interview?	What can one do to control his/her anger?	Which is the best way to control anger?	What do you think of the move of banning 500 and 1000 rupee notes in India (Nov 2016)?	What would be effect of 500 and 1000 Rs notes ban?	What is analogy?	What is an analogy?	Which is the best electric shaver for men?	What are the best electric shavers available on the market?	Why is it illegal for a minor to carry a knife?	Is it legal for any minor to carry a knife? Why or why not?	Why is the American presidential campaign cycle so long?	Why does the US presidential election campaign takes so long?	What is Systemstic investment plan?	What is SIP or systematic investment plan?	Will we lose net neutrality now that Donald Trump is in the office?	Will Donald Trump rid of net neutrality?	How do you use camouflage effectively? Do camouflaged clothes actually work?	Do camouflage fatigues really work?	Did matter exist before the big bang?	What happened before the Big Bang happened?	What do you like most about Quora?	What do you like about Quora?	What is the current per capita income of India?	What is the per capita income of India?	What is the difference between the USA and India?	What is the difference between India and the United States of America?	Which one is your favorite movie?	What is the recommendation movie?	What are some all time good movies to watch?	What are all time best movies to watch?	How can I live without money?	What are some good ways to live without money?	Do Indian women like to date black men?	Do Indian women like black men?	Is it possible to be with only one person your entire life?	Is it possible to get married and live with one man your entire life?	Which exercise type help you to increase your height?	Can skipping increase my height?	What are the best additional courses for working mechanical engineers?	What is the best additional course for mechanical engineers?	What should I do after my computer engineering?	What can I do after computer Engineering?	Was the US election rigged?	Are the US elections rigged? Are the winners planned in advance? Or is that a conspiracy theory?	What problems does urbanization cause?	What are some problems with urbanization?	What what is the meaning of density?	What is the meaning of "density"?	What is the proper diet to gain weight?	What is the best diet to gain weight?	How many planets are currently in our solar system?	How many planets are there in the solar system?	Why do all my questions need improving on quora?	Why do all of my questions on Quora need improvement?	What were the main causes of World War 1 and what were the consequences for the countries involved?	What were the causes for World War 1?	What is something you wish you knew when you turned 18?	What do you wish you knew when you turned 18?	What redeeming qualities does Donald Trump have?	Does Donald Trump have any redeeming qualities?	Why did Salman Khan support Pakistani artists?	Is actor Salman Khan right on supporting Pakistani artists?	How can I earn money while studying?	How can I make money while am still in college?	How can I change all of my habits?	Is it possible to change a habit?	What are three essential characteristics of good communication?	What are the characteristics of a good communication?	Is time travel possible then after how long time?	How can I travel time?	How was language created?	How are languages created?	How do I reduce belly and chest fat?	Whats the best way to reduce belly fat?	What's your 2017 new year resolution?	What is your New Year Resolution for 2017?	What is Facebook pixel tracking?	What does Facebook pixel tracking do?	What are the expected consequences of Declaring 500 and 1000 rupee notes as illegal?	How will the ban of Rs 500 and Rs 1000 notes affect Indian economy?	When is the most likely time WW3 will happen?	Will ww3 ever happen?	What are the scopes for physiotherapy?	What is the scope in physiotherapy?	Which are your favourite A. R. Rahman songs?	What are your top ten favorite A R Rahman songs?	What is deontology?	Definition of deontology?	How does one simply fall out of love?	Can we fall out of love?	What is your most embarrassing moment ever?	What was the most embarrassing moment of yours?	Why do people ask questions on Quora instead of Googling it?	Why do so many people ask questions on Quora instead of searching the answers on Wikipedia?	How can I apply online for issuance of PAN card in India?	How can I apply pan card with initial in surname or last name for reprinting my pan card?	IIT JEE: How do I prepare for chemistry?	How can I prepare for IIT JEE chemistry?	How do I concentrate in studies?	What should I do to concentrate more on my studies?	Call centre?	What is call centre?	How was NEET II paper?	How was the NEET 2 paper?	Where can I find best five star hotel in Bhopal?	Where can I find best five star hotel of Bhopal?	What is the best Cloud Computing book?	What is Best book for cloud computing?	What are some pros and cons of Bluetooth technology?	What are the pros and cons of Bluetooth technology?	How do I talk English fluently?	How can I be a native English speaker?	What are the best ways to deal with a noisy environment?	What's the best way to deal with a noisy neighbor?	Why does planets move in elliptical orbit why not in circular orbits?	Why the orbits of planets are elliptical and not circular?	Is first sex painful?	Does first time sex pains a lot for a girl?	Why is Hollywood better than Bollywood?	How is Hollywood better than Bollywood?	Why do people make noises during sex?	Why do girls moan during sex?	How do ufos work?	How do UFOs fly?	What is the best thing about the company you work for?	What is the best thing about working at your company?	What are some examples of authentic ghost photos?	What are some ghost photos?	How can I get venture capital funding for my company?	Chamath Palihapitiya: How do I get venture capital or crowd funding for my startup?	Why does Quora prevent me from asking anonymous questions?	Why am I blocked from asking anonymous questions on Quora?	What is the expected cutoff for KVPY 2016 SA -stream 2016?	How was KVPY SA 2016?	How can I increase traffic on my blog?	How can I get traffic for my website?	What are all time best movies to watch?	What is best movies till date?	Why do people write questions on Quora that could be answered with a quick web search?	Why do people ask questions on Quora that are easily answerable via a quick internet search?	Is there a verb for using Quora?	What is the verb form of being on Quora?	How long can I get permanent resident in Norway?	How can I get permanent residents of Norway?	How should I prepare for an Infosys interview?	What should I prepare for an Infosys campus interview?	What do you think of the decision by the Indian Government to replace 1000 notes with 2000 notes?	What do you think about banning 500 and 1000 rupee notes in India?	How do you cope with chronic pain?	How would you/do you cope with chronic pain?	What are the best books to study psychology?	What are the best books for psychology?	What are some amazing facts about Hollywood?	What are some interesting facts about Hollywood?	Why my question was marked as needing imrovement?	Why do all of my questions get marked as needing improvement?	How can we make others take us seriously?	How do I make people take me seriously?	What stops Bernie Sanders from running as a Republican?	Why has Bernie Sanders stopped running?	How do I tighten my loose vagina?	What's the best way to tighten loose vagina?	Money is really important for living life?	How important is money in life?	Why should people of Bihar be proud of their state?	What things or people make Bihar proud?	What are the effects of demonitization of 500 and 1000 rupees notes on real estate sector?	What will be the effect of banning 500 and 1000 notes on gold rate and real estate?	What's the best prank you've played as an identical twin?	What's the best twin prank you've played with your identical twin?	How can I improve my spoken English?	How can I improve my speaking?	What is your review of Wealthy Affiliate?	Did you have any success at Wealthy Affiliate?	What's the word for someone who's against normal behavior?	What is the word for being against normal behavior?	How can I improve my grades?	I currently have C's and B's. What can I change to improve my grades?	What exactly is the tension between Russia & US because of Russian involvement in Syria? Will there be a proxy war in future?	Is it possible that Russia and the US will fight a proxy war in Syria?	How does a hypergolic thruster work?	How does hypergolic thruster work?	What is political instability? What causes this?	What is political instability?	What are the career options after diploma in electrical engineering?	What are the career options after graduation in electrical engineering?	What would happen to the US if it became communist?	What would happen if America became communist overnight?	What programing languages should I learn?	What are some programming languages that I should learn?	What types of questions are asked during a Google technical interview?	What all types of questions are asked in Google technical interview?	What should be done when one feels lonely?	What should a person do when they are feeling lonely?	How can we make our app drive more downloads?	How do I make our app drive more downloads?	What makes them different with each other between prokaryotic and eukaryotic cells?	What is the difference between prokaryotic and eukaryotic cells?	What is a molecular compound?	What is a molecular compound? What are some examples?	What is the best way to ask a girl out on a date?	How do I ask a girl to date me ?	What did I do wrong when my question is marked as "Needs Improvement"?	Why my question is marked as needing improvements?	What are some best Korean drama series?	What are the best Korean TV dramas series?	Why do we need to study history in school?	Why do we need study history?	What are the best ways to masturbate?	How does one masturbate?	Why is Modi not taking action against Pakistan?	Why isn't our prime minister taking any action against Pakistan?	What are the chances that the electoral college will decide to vote against Trump if Hillary wins the popular vote?	Will the Electoral College vote for Hillary?	What are some mind-blowing wallets tools that exist that most people don't know about?	What are some mind-blowing wallets gadgets that exist that most people don't know about?	What are some mind blowing bike tools that most people should have?	What are some mind blowing bike technology that most people dont know?	How do I get into Harvard?	How do I get to Harvard University?	What do you think about Salman Khan's statement on Pakistani actors working in India?	Do you agree with Salman Khan’s comments about the banned Pakistan actors in India?	How can I learn communication skills?	How can I improve my communication skills?	How do you view a clear picture of thermal energy?	How to view a clear picture of thermal energy?	What is your process for writing answers on Quora?	How can I start writing answers in Quora?	How many human beings have ever lived?	What is a rough estimate of the total number of humans that have ever lived?	How can I tell if I smell bad?	How do I know if I smell bad?	Why do people ask questions on Quora instead of Googling it?	Why do people ask questions on Quora while They can get all the answers by Googling?	How do I stop my Labrador/Pug mix from humping my pillows?	How do I stop my Australian Shepherd/Border Collie mix from humping my furniture?	Who visited my profile on whatsapp?	How do I know if someone viewed my profile on Whatsapp?	Where can I find best hotel in Bhopal for staying in holidays?	Where can I find best hotels in Bhopal for a holiday stay?	What is the best progressive rock song you have listened to?	What are the best progressive rock songs of all time?	What do you think is the average price for a communication campaign when launching a new car?	What do you think is the average price for communication campaign when launching a new car?	How does a Trump Presidency affect Canada?	What effect will Trump's presidency have on Canada?	How do you get more self confidence?	How can I be more self-confident?	Is it possible to make money on binary options?	Is it really possible to make money with binary options?	Does Google's driverless car use machine learning techniques such as neural networks?	What kind of machine learning algorithms do the driverless cars use?	What are the top ten BPO (business process outsourcing) services worldwide? Why?	What are the top ten BPO (business process outsourcing) services worldwide?	How can I lose weight loss?	How can I lose my weight from 55 kg to 50 kg within two month?	Is MacBook pro 2016 too pricey or is it worth it?	Is the 2016 MacBook Pro with Touch Bar a worthy buy?	Seo off page best activity?	What are the best seo off page activities?	What is the most popular color?	What color is most popular?	What's your best travel hack?	What is the best travel hacks?	Why some of my questions on Quora not answered by anyone yet?	Why are my questions not answered on Quora?	How do I increase my level of confidence?	What should one do to increase confidence?	What are the safety precautions on handling shotguns proposed by the NRA in Montana?	What are the safety precautions on handling shotguns proposed by the NRA in New Jersey?	Why is your favourite anime your favourite?	Which is your favourite anime and why?	What should I do to be a better listener?	How can I become a good listener?	How do I get to speak fluently English?	What can I do to practice my English?	What do you enjoy about Quora?	What do you enjoy most about Quora?	How do I believe someone?	How can I believe someone?	How do I lose weight fast?	Whats the most effective way/ solution to lose weight in a short time?	Should people over 89 not be allowed to vote?	Should people over 98 not be allowed to vote?	How do I become famous on Quora?	What is the best way to be famous on Quora?	Would Hillary get women's vote just because she's a female?	Are there a lot of women who will vote for Hillary Clinton just because she is a woman?	How do I lose body fat quickly?	What is the fastest way to lose fat and keep it off?	How can a fresher mechanical engineer get into a SAP career?	Do fresher mechanical engineers have job opportunities if they take SAP MM?	How can I get an internship abroad?	How can I do an internship abroad?	Why is the line "it's a trap!" so famous?	Why is the line "It's a trap" so popular?	Do you think that the new MacBook Pro (2016) is worth it?	Are the new Apple Macbook pros really worth their price?	Is aluminum cookware bad for you?	Is aluminum cookware bad?	What are the best ways to get rid of boredom?	What are the causes of boredom and the best practice to get rid of it psychologically?	Is it safe to wear a sports bra always?	Is it safe to wear a sports bra always? Can I wear a sports bra all my life?	Why do artistic gymnasts apply a coarse substance to their hands?	Why do artistic gymnasts chalk their hands?	What are some of the must-read books in Malayalam?	What are some best fictional books in Malayalam?	What is the worst thing that can happen with us in life?	What is the worst thing that can happen in life?	What is it like to fly into the eye of a hurricane?	What does it feel like to be in the eye of a hurricane?	Is coaching necessary for cracking the GATE?	Is it required to enter a coaching institute for gate?	How do I hack into someone's instagram?	How can I hack my Instagram?	What are some animals that live in deserts?	What are examples of animals that live in the desert?	What is the best way to memorize strong acids and bases?	What is a good way to remember strong acids and bases?	Do twins have the same penis size?	Do two male twins have same penis size?	What can severely depressed people do to get over their depression?	How do I get over with depression or anxiety?	How do I learn any language fast?	How can one learn a new language quickly?	How do I recover a deleted email on Gmail?	How do I recover my deleted email by my gmail account?	How does the HP OfficeJet 4620 Airprint compare to the HP DesignJet T1530 36-in PostScript Printer?	How does the HP OfficeJet 4620 Airprint compare to the HP LaserJet Enterprise 700 Printer M712dn?	How do I find a angel investor in India?	Where can I find an angel investor in India?	How do I get a bank po job?	How do I get bank PO job?	How do I become a full time Interpol officer?	How can I become an Interpol Agent full time?	How do I protect my company from hackers?	How do I protect my company from getting hacked?	How can I choose to make the right decision?	How do I make a quick right decision?	What are the safest days in sex?	What is the safest day to have sex?	How do I change the format of any file?	How can you change the format of any file? What are some examples?	Is South Africa safe?	Is South Africa becoming safe?	How do I score maximum marks in chemistry for 12th board examination?	How can I score maximum marks in chemistry 12th CBSE exams?	Which is the best book for core Java?	Which is best book for Java?	What is yoga all about?	What is yoga for?	What were the effects and consequences of the Agricultural Revolution?	Who led the Agricultural Revolution? What are the long term effects?	What is your everyday exercise routine?	What is your exercise routine?	What's the most unusual dream you've ever had?	What is the weirdest dream you've ever heard?	How do I download videos?	How do I download a video?	How can I spy and track my spouse?	How do I track my cheating spouse?	What was that best moment of your life?	What are the best moments of your life?	What were the end time prophecies according to Bible?	What are some end time prophecies in Bible?	What are the places to be visited in goa?	What are all the best places to visit in goa?	What are good questions to ask an interviewer?	What are good questions for you to ask an interviewer?	What is the best effective treatment for impotence?	What is the fastest and effective treatment for Impotence?	What is it like being openly gay in a country like India?	How does it feel to be a gay or lesbian in India?	Causes of great depression?	What caused the Great Depression?	What is the difference between a gene and an allele?	What is the difference between alleles and genes?	What are the best questions to ask on a first date?	What are some fun questions to ask on a first date?	Where are the Ferguson riots?	What is the Ferguson riots all about?	Should I buy the new MacBook 2016 or one from 2015?	Should I wait to buy a MacBook (July 2016)?	Is it possible to sing in tonal language?	How do people sing in a tonal language?	How do you want to live your life?	How do I want to live my life again?	Wold same sex marriage be banned/reversed under a Trump presidency?	Will President Trump amend the constitution and end same sex marriage?	What are the various student clubs at VNR VJIET?	What are some various student clubs of VNR VJIET?	What is the data flow?	What is data flow?	Which are the best laptops under 40k?	Which one is best laptop under 40k?	What are the best external monitors for a MacBook Pro?	What external monitor is best with late 2014 Macbook pro Retina 15''?	How do anyone learn something?	What is the best way to learn something?	Would a fire in a room burn slower if the air conditioner was on and why?	Will a fire in a room burn slower if the air conditioner was on?	How many times have you failed in appearing for CA exams?	How many times have you failed in CA exams before becoming a CA?	How can I become a good songwriter?	How do I become good at songwriting?	What do you think about while exercising?	What do you think about while you exercise?	What was or is it like dating a gold digger?	What is it like dating a gold digger?	Where are you from and what is your daily routine?	What is daily routine?	Which is the best film making school in the world?	Where is the best film school?	What are some interesting facts about Ratan Tata?	What is the best thing you know about Sir Ratan Tata?	Which is the most beautiful place on earth?	What are some of the most beautiful places on earth?	How is Tim Cook as a CEO?	Do you think Tim Cook is a good CEO for Apple?	What are some ways to increase battery life on an iPhone?	What can I do to increase my iPhone battery life?	What are some humorous but informative speech topics?	What are some funny informative speech topics?	Who is going to win the 2016 US presidential election? Why?	Who do you think is going to win the presidential elections and why?	Why do some women maintain long nails?	Why women grow nails?	Why did god create us?	Why did God create us all?	What is the difference between driving a Ferrari 488 GTB and a Lamborghini Huracan?	Ferrari 488 GTB vs Huracan?	Which is the best book for Java?	What is the best book for learning Java for beginner?	Why do people still think the the world is flat?	Why do people still believe in flat earth?	How do you control your anger?	How can a person control anger?	Are boycotting Chinese products in India affects China economy?	If India stops/reduces import from China then will it hurt China economy?	Am not starting big? How can I make $1000 per month online?	How can one make money online?	Why is measuring TV ratings important?	Why are TV ratings important?	What's the best and most accurate way to check my IQ online for free?	How do I check my IQ for free?	How can I realistically make money online?	Can I make money online?	What are the ways of saying no to a girl after meeting her first time in an arranged marriage?	What are the ways to say no to a girl after meeting her first time in an arranged marriage?	How can I get more likes on my Instagram photos?	How do I get my likes and followers up on Instagram?	How can I find local investors For my startup?	How can I find investors for my startup on Quora?	Will American people actually vote for Donald Trump after all his extremist comments?	Will the Americans actually vote Donald Trump?	How effective is scrapping 500 and 1000 rupee notes? Will it reduce black money?	How does banning 500 & 1000 rupee notes solve black money problem?	How do I get rid of pimples permanently?	What are the best ways to get rid of acne?	Why do we need to go to school?	Why do we need school?	What are the best books for learning how to build social skills?	What are some good books for improving social skills?	Are the US and Russia fighting a proxy war in Syria? (please see details)	Do you think that conflict in Syria is a proxy war between US and Russia?	How do I know my spouse is cheating?	How can I find out if my husband is cheating?	Who do you support- Clinton or Trump?	Who do you support- Clinton or Trump? Why do you support who you do? What is bad about the other candidate?	How can I learn hacking at home?	How can I learn hacking for security purposes?	Which is the best interior designing school in Bangalore?	What are the best interior design school in Bangalore?	What are some well paid government jobs for mechanical engineers?	What are the government jobs for a mechanical engineer?	What is the best way to get traffic on your website?	How Do I get traffic on website?	How do you make particular girl like you?	How do you get a girl to like you?	What is the best way to learn structural design?	What is the best way to understand structure design?	What are the best bike technologies in 2016?	What are the best bike inventions of 2016?	What are your favorite mundane daily rituals?	What are your most powerful daily rituals?	What is the worst thing you did as a kid?	What’s the worst thing you did as a kid?	How do you send a private message to someone you're following on Quora?	How can I write a private message to one of the users of Quora?	Is it possible that one day a time machine would be created?	Is a working time machine possible in the future?	How can I become fit and look good without going to gym?	What should I follow to keep myself fit without going to gym?	What would be the impact of GST in india?	What's the importance of GST bill in India?	How do I use FaceTime on a Mac?	How can you get FaceTime for a Mac?	How can I improve English speaking skill?	How can I improve my English Language?	What is the difference between luck and coincide?	What is the difference between coincidence and luck?	Who will win if India and China fight now without allies?	Who will win if India & China go to war?	What are the importance of mathematical induction?	What is the significance of mathematical induction?	How does a great white shark adapt to its enviroment?	What are some adaptations of the great white shark?	What is the best smartphone app?	What are the best smartphone apps?	Why do I look great in the mirror but bad in a photo?	Why do we look different in the mirror and photos? And how can we make both look similar?	What do you think of the decision by the Indian Government to demonetize 500 and 1000 rupee notes?	Do you think Indian governments decision to demonetize the 500 and 1000 rupee note is a sudden action?	What is the cost of making an App?	Does it cost money to make an app?	How can I kill myself the best way?	How do kill myself?	Why does my question need to be improved and how to improve it?	What can I do to improve my question on Quora?	What was your most embarrassing moment infront of your crush?	What's the most embarrassing thing that's happened to you in front of your crush?	What is the best Star Wars novel?	What are some of the best Star Wars novels?	Where can I found quality sharpening equipment in Sydney?	Where can I found different types of sharpening equipment in Sydney?	What are the health benefits of yogurt?	What are the health benefits of Noosa yoghurt?	Why is India not removing article 370 from Kashmir?	Why India is not revoking article 370?	What should I do to be slim?	How can I became slim?	What is the expected cutoff of NTSE Stage-1 UP 2017?	What is the expected cutoff of NTSE stage 1 up 2017?	Can someone translate this picture from Arabic to English?	I have a picture of Arabic text. Who can translate this to English?	Is it possible to Increase height or get taller after 20?	Are there any chances of growing height at the age of 20?	Is there proof that alien life exists?	Is there proof of alien life form?	How do silencers work?	How does a silencer on a gun work?	Can IAS exam be cracked with a dedicated preparation of 8 months?	How can I prepare for IAS in 8 months?	How does one overcome frustration?	How can overcome frustration and depression?	What is the scope in doing MBA from operations management?	What is the scope of an MBA in operational management?	Which is the best QuickBooks Tech Support Number in Las Vegas?	What is the quickbooks customer support phone number USA?	How do I get my crush to like me?	Is there a way that I can get my crush to like me back?	What comes next after LED bulbs?	What is the next big thing after LED lighting?	Where can I find an angel investor in India?	How can we find angel investors for my first startup in India?	What products should I use to get rid of acne quickly?	How do I get rid of acne and acne causes?	How can I learn Java from home?	How can I learn Java effectively at home? Some good websites?	Why did Arnab Goswami quitted from Times Now?	Why Arnab Goswami resigned times now?	If I smoked meth Monday afternoon will I be clean for a urine test Thursday morning?	I smoked a bowl of crystal meth on Friday. I'm 5'4" and 187lbs. Will I be able to pass a urine drug test on Wednesday for drug court?	What is game theory?	What is game theory in economics?	How do I wish someone happy birthday?	What are some of the best ways to wish someone a happy birthday on a call?	Can Tesla coil be used to transmit electricity wirelessly to a specific object?	Is tesla coil the only device so far invented for transmitting electricity wirelessly?	What is the best thing anyone said or did to you?	What is the most important thing someone has said to you?	How do you stop an 8 week Husky puppy from biting my shoes?	How do I stop a German Shepherd/Border Collie mix puppy from chewing my shoes?	Why is J JAYALALITHA is like a God in Tamil Nadu? What is the reason behind this popularity?	Why is Jayalalithaa so famous in Tamil Nadu?	What is the meaning of a 95% confidence interval?	How do I interpret 95% confidence interval in statistics?	Which is the best book to learn Python?	Which is the best book for learning python for absolute beginners on their own?	What are some of the best economic books?	What is the Best book for economics?	Can you provide me the list of the best hollywood movies you have seen?	What are the best top 10 movies of Hollywood ever?	What problem do you want me to solve for you?	What are top three problem you are facing that you want someone to solve?	Do medical schools care about which university you went to for undergrad?	Do medicals schools care about what undergraduate university you go to?	Why dont Chinese revolt against communist rule?	Why don't Chinese people revolt against communist rule and bring about democracy in China?	How do you find the right person?	How do I find the right one?	Do you have an imaginary friend that you talk to?	Do you have an imaginary friend?	What are few tips while preparing for GATE exam?	How do I prepare gate exam?	How do I improve my English language?	How do I talk English fluently?	What are some songs you must listen to?	What is the best song that one must listen to?	What signs a girl shows when she likes a guy? What is your experience?	What signs a girl shows when she likes a guy?	What can one do after MBBS?	What have to Do after MBBS?	Is using hand soap as body wash problematic?	Can liquid hand soap be use as body wash?	How should I improve my english communication skills?	How can I improve my fluency in English to face a more confortable job interview?	Where do I get sleeping pills?	Where can we get sleeping pills?	What are the benefits of filling Nitrogen gas instead of air in tubeless tires?	What are some of the advantages of filling nitrogen gas filling in tires?	How exactly does banning Rs 500 and Rs 1000 notes curb the problem of black money?	How will banning Rs. 500 and Rs. 1000 notes help in overcoming corruption in India?	Couldn't we lose weight just by drinking ice cold water?	How much weight can I lose drinking only water for 2 days?	Why some people get everything very easily and some don't get even after so much hard work?	Why do some people struggle so hard in life and still don't get rewarded? Why is life for some people so unfair?	How can I get rid of my acne caused by stress?	What are the best ways to get rid of acne?	What is Casey Neistat famous for?	Who is Casey Neistat and why is he so famous?	How do I get Web Design clients?	Where can I find potential clients for my web design services?	What are the best loyalty programs?	What is the best loyalty program and why?	Do people really "enjoy" their jobs?	Do people really enjoy work?	What do you do if no one cares about you?	What would you do if no one cared about you ?	Why is my question repeatedly marked as needing improvement?	Why does Quora mark most of the questions as needing improvement?	What are the best topic for research/report in physics (undergraduate)?	Which is the best topic for research in physics?	How could I increase my height?	Does swimming increase your height in twenties?	What will be Hillary Clinton's policy for INDIA if she becomes the president?	What will be Hillary Clinton's India policy if she is elected as the President?	How do I increase general knowledge?	How do I improve general knowledge?	Can we reverse global warming?	Can we reverse the damage we have done to the earths environment that is causing global warming?	How much black money will the government get back after demonetization?	How much black money was recovered after 500 and 1000 rupees notes were banned?	What causes a person to feel thirsty after they breastfeed?	Why do I feel thirsty after a breastfeed my baby?	Are there any good online writing clubs that a 15 year-old can join free to improve writing skills?	Are there any good online writing clubs that a 15 year -old can join free to improve writing skills?	When will the CBSE improvement exam form be out?	How can I get the cbse improvement exam form? And from where?	Which are the best things about India?	What are the best things in India?	At what time should I drink green tea to be fit?	What is the correct time to take green tea for weight loss?	What are the qualities of successful researchers?	What are the qualities of a good researcher?	What is acceleration in physics?	What's acceleration in physics?	What is plasma state of matter? What are some examples?	What is plasma as a state of matter?	Will international college students be negatively affected if Trump becomes president?	What would be the scenario for Indian students after Donald trump becomes the President of US?	What exactly is a psychopath?	Who is a psychopath?	How India can get a permanent seat in UN security council?	When and how could India ever become a permanent member of the United Nations Security Council?	How successful was odd even plan?	Is the odd even car policy in Delhi successful?	How do you know if you're in love?	How do know that you are in love?	What is it like to be a data scientist at Amazon?	What's it like to work as a data scientist at Amazon?	Who is best Bollywood actress?	Which is the best actress in Bollywood?	How can I make my dad to quit smoking?	How can I make my dad quit smoking?	Is CA and CFA a good combination?	Is CA and CFA a good combinaton?	What are some alternatives ways to lose 30 pounds in 1 month?	How can I lose 30 pounds in 1 month? What are some tips?	What was the most magical moment of your life?	What are the most magical moments of your life?	How do I increase organic traffic to website?	How do i get traffic for website?	What is condensed matter physics? What research area does it cover?	What is condensed matter physics and why is it important?	How is the density of an aluminum metal determined?	How is the density of aluminum determined?	What do people think of good looking loner guy?	What do people think of a good looking loner?	Can humans become immortal?	How do you become immortal?	What are the best career options after a BSc in maths?	What is career option after the graduation bsc with maths?	What would happen if we nuked the moon?	What will happen if we nuke moon?	What are the best books to learn advance c++?	What are the best books for c++?	What were some of the most interesting startups funded in 2016?	What are some of the interesting startups of 2016?	Is sex important in life?	Why sex important in our life?	How much depth can radio waves penetrate in a wrinkled aluminium foil ball?	How much will radio waves penetrate an aluminium foil ball to tell us what is inside of it?	How do I tell if someone is a psychopath?	How would you tell if someone is a psychopath or a sociopath?	Could the universe be inside a black hole?	Does our universe exist inside a black hole?	What will be the effects of demonetisation of 500 and 1000 notes on the Indian economy?	What is the use of banning 500 and 1000 rupee notes and introducing new 500 and 2000 rupee notes?	What is the best way to increase traffic for a new blog?	What are the best way to increase website traffic organically?	What's the best way to learn Database Theory?	How do you learn database theory?	Which are the best ways to lose weight?	I'm fat. How do I lose weight?	What are good languages for machine learning?	What is the best language for machine learning?	Why do we park in the driveway and drive on the parkway?	Why do you drive on a parkway and park in a driveway?	What are the best ways to perform in a group discussion?	How can I participate in group discussion?	What's the best way to learn C++?	What are the best resources to learn C++?	What are the best gadgets to have?	What is the best gadget to get?	Can you send and receive money with an unverified PayPal account?	Can I use an unverified Paypal account to receive payments?	What does it take to be a car salesman?	How do you become a car salesman?	Is there a creator of the universe?	Is there a Creator of this universe?	How can I increase traffic to my websites by Facebook?	How can I increase the traffic on my blog (www.midnightexpressions.wordpress.com)?	What will be Hillary Clinton's foreign policy towards India if she comes into power in 2016?	What is Hillary Clinton's policy regarding India?	How can I become serious in life?	How do i get serious about my life?	How do accelleraters make profit?	How do startup accelerators make a profit?	What are some alternatives to Canva?	What are some good alternatives to Canva?	What actually dark matter do?	What is dark matter and what are its properties?	Which one is the best institute in Mumbai for CFA Level 1 classes?	What are the best institutions for CFA level 1 in Mumbai?	What is the difference between a confederation and federation?	Political Science: What's the difference between a federation and a confederation?	What is Quora's mission?	What is Quora's stated Mission?	What do people think of new MacBook Pro with Touch Bar?	Is MacBook Pro 2016 worth it?	How can I permanently delete my question from Quora? Can deleting the profile help?	How do you delete a question on Quora?	How do I speak English properly and confidently?	How do I speak English fluently at an interview?	Is there a problem for a 20 year old to date a 17 year old?	Is it normal for a 17 year old and 20 year old to date?	Why did the government produce new notes of ₹2000 instead of new ₹1000 notes?	The government is introducing new notes of Rs. 500. On similar lines why isn't the government introducing new notes of Rs. 1000 instead of Rs. 2000?	Do you think castration as a punishment for pedophiles is just?	What do you think about Madras High Court's order for considering castration as a punishment for child rapists?	How do you feel now that Donald Trump will be our next president?	How do you feel now that Donald Trump is now the President of America for the next four years?	What is the best way to make a woman orgasm?	How can a man make a girl have an orgasm?	What are some examples of useful microbes?	What are examples of useful microbes?	How do you apply to a German university from India?	How do I apply to a German public university for ug programme?	Why does Israel engage in aparthied?	Is Israel an apartheid state?	Why is Quora biased against Donald Trump?	Why does Quora hate Donald J Trump?	How can one becomes an investment banker?	What is the best way to be an investment banker?	How do you control your emotions in public?	I am an introvert. How can I control my emotions in a better way?	How do you know if you’re in love?	How do you know if you are in love? How do you know its not just chemicals in your brain trying to trick you to reproduce?	What projects can I do if I have good knowledge of C language and data structures and algorithms?	What are some good ideas for a project in data structures in C?	What are some of the benefits of the Insanity workout?	What are the benefits of the Insanity workout?	What would be the most effective weapon to use in the zombie apocalypse?	What would be the weapon of choice in a zombie apocalypse?	How solid is the friendship between China and Pakistan?	Why China and Pakistan friendship is so strong?	How do you change an SBI registered mobile number?	How do I change my registered mobile number for SBI Visa Debit Card?	What is the best way to obtain cheap flight fares?	Where can I buy cheap flight ticket?	What are the biggest differences between Mexican and Iberian Spanish?	What are the differences between Mexican Spanish and Spanish from Spain?	When should I charge my iPhone 7 Plus?	Can I charge my iPhone 7 Plus whenever I want?	What are the basics to digital marketing?	What are the basics of Digital Marketing?	How do I start learning archery?	How should I start learning archery?	How do I avoid unwanted pregnancy?	What are the best ways to avoid an accidental pregnancy?	What is the radius of atom?	What is the radius of an atom?	What are the best summer destinations in India?	Which is the best place to go for this summer in India?	How can you hack/spy on someone's BBM?	How can I hack my wife BBM?	Are all religion other than Islam happy with uniform civil code in India?	What are some major changes expected in India should there be uniform civil code brought in?	Where can I get very reliable and professional services for envelope printing in Sydney?	Where can I get variety of envelope printing services in Sydney?	How do I learn music theory?	What are some of the best ways to learn music theory?	Do girls prefer bad boys or gentlemen?	Do girls prefer bad boys or gentlemen? Or both?	Is there any life form outside earth?	Does life exist beyond earth?	Who ought to use HL12 supplements?	Which ought to use HL12 Supplement?	What is the best way to whiten your teeth?	How can I whiten my teeth?	How many different branches of geology are there?	What are the different branches of geology?	How do I play .RAW camera files on TV?	How can I play raw files on my TV?	What's the absolute easiest way to commit suicide?	What is the most effective way to suicide?	How safe is it for a girl to travel solo in India?	How safe is it for girls to travel alone in India?	What are the best ways to analyze stocks?	How do I analyze a stock?	What are the best places to visit in Spain and why are they the best places to visit?	What are the best places to visit in Spain?	What pushes people to suicide?	Why do you want to commit suicide?	What should I do to improve my tennis?	What are some tips for getting better at tennis?	On a general note Donald Trump is surely a smart man. How can he claim to be able to build his wall and moreover claim to make Mexico pay for it?	How Donald Trump will make Mexico pay for the wall?	Which are the most underrated movies in Bollywood?	What are most underrated Bollywood movies?	Why do people wear sunglasses while driving a car?	Why do people wear sunglasses while driving a car or riding a bike?	Who are some great English writers from India today?	Who are some of the best Indian writers in the English language?	What are the solutions for traffic jams problem in cities?	What are the best solutions to traffic jam issues in large cities?	What are the best ways to learn how to draw?	What is the best way to learn how to draw?	What is the best laptop around 50k?	Which are the best laptops priced at around 50k?	How can I improve my speaking?	How can I improve my English Language?	How I can improve my English communication?	How can improve my English speaking?	How do i speak english like a native speaker?	How can I speak English well as native speakers ?	How do I improve my pronunciation of English?	How do I learn spoken English?	How important is history?	Is it important to learn history?	Can introverts become extroverts?	How can introverts become extroverts?	How do I gain some healthy weight?	How can I gain weight naturally?	What are the odds of Donald Trump winning the presidency?	Is Donald Trump going to be the next US President?	What should I do if I'm badly bored?	What should I do when I feel bored?	How did you make your first million dollars?	At what age did you make your first million dollars and how did you do it?	Why do you choose to stay single?	Why do you want to stay single?	How long will meth stay in my system if I inject it?	How long does meth stay in your system if you snorted 3 little lines?	How can a store officer add value to a company?	How can a store officer add value to his company?	How can we control bad feelings?	How can I control my emotions?	Why is salt water taffy candy imported in France?	Why is Saltwater taffy candy imported in Laos?	What force caused the Big Bang?	What caused the big bang and has there been more than one bang?	Can feeling of physical-like pain be caused only by human's mind (conscious or subconscious) without any somatic reason?	Can a physical pain be caused only by human's mind (conscious or subconscious) without any somatic reason?	What is the difference between nationalism and patriotism?	What is difference between nationalism and patriotism?	What is the best source for a beginner to learn English grammar?	What is the best source for learning English grammar?	If we all are the descendants of the same person then how come our DNA are so distinct?	If all the humans are the descendants of the same person then how come our DNA's are different?	How do I get rid of pimples on my face?	What should I do to remove pimples from face?	Which maths book are good for IIT JEE preparation?	What are the best maths books for IIT preparation?	Why is "Ed Edd n Eddy" cartoon underrated now?	Why is "Ed Edd N Eddy" cartoon underrated?	What is physical quantities and also its types?	What is a physical quantity?	Do you feel that endangered species are worth preserving? Why?	Why should endangered species be saved?	What is your New Year Resolution?	What are some meaningful new year resolutions for 2017?	How we lose belly fat india?	What's a good workout plan to lose belly fat?	When will India be ready to host the Olympics?	When would India organise Olympic Games? Which city will be the best to host the event?	What are the best digital marketing courses for mid-senior level marketing managers?	Which is best digital marketing course?	How do I browse the Internet on a Vizio smart TV?	How do I use and search the web on my new vizio smart tv?	How do I get to speak fluently English?	How can learn English?	Biswapati Sarkar: How do you overcome a writer's block?	What do you do when you get writer's block?	Which Bollywood movie are you waiting for in 2017?	What are the most Bollywood awaited movies of 2017?	What are some good ways to join the Indian Armed Forces after my graduation?	How can I join Indian army after BBA?	How much can I spend on rent in Manhattan if my yearly salary is $1 million?	How much can I spend on rent making $144k a year in Manhattan?	What can I do to overcome being too possessive with people?	Being too possesive is bad. How do I avoid it?	How come there are so many stupid questions on Quora?	Why do people ask dumb questions on Quora?	Can a woman get pregnant from anal sex?	Can you get pregnant from anal?	How can I become a good public speaker?	How can I become good speaker?	How can I convince someone that Clinton is a worse candidate than Trump?	Why is Clinton better than Trump?	Where are the best places to go backpacking in the Americas?	Where are the best places to go backpacking in the U.S.?	How does the HP OfficeJet 4620 Airprint compare to the HP DesignJet T120 24-in Printer?	How does the HP OfficeJet 4620 Airprint compare to the HP DeskJet 1112 Printer?	How is cyanide toxic?	Why cyanide is lethal?	Which is important? Love or money?	What is more important: love or money?	Why are South Korea and North Korea enemies?	Why does North Korea have a conflict with South Korea?	How do you become eligible for wearing a silver service star in the U.S.?	How are you eligible for wearing a silver service star in the U.S.?	How do I forget someone I was deeply in love?	How can I forget the one that I love?	What are the weirdest question you have answered on Quora?	What are the weirdest questions you have answered in Quora?	What are adverbs? What are some kind of adverbs?	What are some good adverbs?	How does the porn industry stay profitable when everyone seems to watch free porn online now?	How do free porn sites gain money when people watch porn online for free?	What can you do with a mathematics degree?	Where can I work with a mathematics degree?	Are introverts interested in learning to lead?	Are introverts interested in leading?	I got 160 marks in the JEE Mains. What are the chances of CSE in LNMIIT Jaipur?	Can I get a CS at LNMIIT Jaipur with 160 marks in the JEE Mains?	How do I lose weight ayurvedically?	How do i lose weight?	How can I deactivate Quora?	Can I deactivate my Quora account?	What are the best cats?	What are the best cats ever?	What are your favourite British tv shows/sitcoms/series?	What are your favourite UK TV series?	Which are the best gear bicycles in India under 10000?	What is the best bicycle to buy under 10k?	How do I stop caring so much about what other people think of me?	What should I do in order not to care about what people think of me?	When is it appropriate to ask or answer a question anonymously?	How do you choose when to ask or answer anonymously?	Is Donald Hoffman’s interface theory of perception true?	Is interface theory of perception true?	What is caesar dressing made of?	How is Caesar dressing made?	What is the best language to learn?	What language would be best to learn?	Which is best age for married?	What is the ideal age for getting married?	Do we have any scientific evidence of parrellel universes?	What evidence do we have of parallel universes?	Is html outdated?	Is HTML being outdated?	When and why do people commit suicide?	What are the reasons some people commit suicide?	I want to do suicide? Tell me the painless method for that.	What is the most painless way to commit suicide?	How do I save money while online shopping?	How do I save money while doing online shopping?	What is/are your New Year resolutions for 2017?	What is your new year resolution?	How do I flow traffic to my website?	What is the best way to get traffic on your website?	What is the difference between backend and frontend development?	What is the difference between a front-end developer and back-end developer?	How do I configure a universal remote?	How can I configure a universal TV remote?	What do you do when you procrastinate?	How do you procrastinate?	Which are some of the interesting facts about Antarctica and what are the research works going on in Antarctica?	What are the most interesting facts about Antarctica?	What are acidic salts? What are some examples?	What are acid salts? What are some examples?	What is the difference between scripting and programming?	What's the difference between a programming language and a scripting language?	Is there any minimum requirement of capital to start a private limited company in India?	Is there no minimum capital required to register Private Limited Company in India now?	What is the earliest appearance of parallel universes in fiction?	What are some of the earliest examples of parallel universes in fiction?	How can I apply online for issuance of PAN card in India?	How can I apply for pan card and what are the documents we need to apply?	What is the meaning of living life?	What's the meaning of life?	How does cold plasma differ from regular plasma?	How is cold plasma different from regular plasma?	Are you disappointed of your life?	Are you disappointed in life?	How likely is it to get AIDS?	How can you get AIDS?	What are some of the weirdest fetishes you have?	What's the weirdest fetish that you have?	How do I improve my English writing skills?	How do I improve my English writing ability?	Why can't I delete my question on Quora?	How do you delete a question from Quora?	What are the reasons behind getting scary and bad dreams?	What are the reasons of bad dreams?	How can I make my Quora feed interesting again?	How do I make my Quora feed interesting again?	How one can commit sucide?	How can one commit sucide?	How do I know if someone unfollowed me on Instagram?	How do you know if someone unfollowed you on Instagram?	What makes one angry?	What is it that makes you angry?	What was your best school memory?	What are some of the best college memories?	How can plan a trip for 3 and half days to Goa so as to explore the best of it?	How can I find suggestions for planning a trip to Goa for 3 days?	Why are there laws against animal cruelty?	What are arguments against animal cruelty?	How do I make a woman squirt?	What makes my girl squirt?	How do you know if you are in love or just limerice?	How do you know if you're unconditionally in love with someone?	What are the best ways to earn money from home?	How can we earn money online without investment?	Is nationalism evil?	Is nationalism brainwashing?	What's going to happen to international students from India who want to pursue MS in USA if Donald Trump is elected in terms of admissions and jobs?	How is the victory of Donald Trump going to affect the international students aspiring to pursue their Masters in US?	Which laptop is best under 50K now a days?	Which is the best laptop to buy under RS-50000?	Will time travel ever become possable?	Is it possible to travel time with real life?	What is the reason why parrots mimic human voices?	Why do parrots mimic sound?	Why do we celebrate January 1st as the new year?	When and why was the 1st of January declared as the first day of the year?	What do you think of when you think of Egypt?	What do you think towards our Egypt?	What kind of music do you like and why?	What type of music do you like?	Which is the best joke you have ever heard?	What are some of funniest jokes that you have ever heard?	Which is the best free video editing software?	Which is the free and best video editing software?	What is the Hrithik - Kangana matter?	What is going on between Kangana Ranaut and Hrithik Roshan these few days?	I want to commit suicide. Is there any way to make it look like a natural death?	How can I commit suicide and make it look like natural death?	Daniel Ek: When an we expect Spotify in India?	Daniel Ek: Why is Spotify not available in India?	How people learn to hack?	How do you learn about hacking?	Why is the divorce rate increasing in India?	What is reason for Increasing Divorce Rate in India?	What are some events that happened in 2006?	What are some events that occurred in 2006?	First movie of the world?	What was the first movie ever made?	How can you get laid in India?	How do I get laid in India?	What is the difference between electricity and current?	what is the difference between current and electricity?	How can i get a job in Canada from India?	What is the process to get a job in Canad from India?	How do I prepare for the SSC JE (Mech)?	How can I prepare for SSC je from mechanical?	What are some amazing and "did you know" facts about London?	What are some interesting facts about London?	How would you describe your own beauty?	How would you describe beauty?	How do I make money with YouTube?	What are some ways to make money from YouTube?	Will abolishing 1000 and 500 currency note affect property prices?	How will abolishing Rs. 500 and Rs. 1000 notes affect the real estate businesses in India?	Someone blocked me on Instagram. How do I unblock myself from their account?	How do I unblock myself from someone's Instagram?	How do tattoos work?	How do tattoo's work?	What is history of Asia?	What is the history of Asia?	Who will win IPL2016?	Who will win IPL 2016 and Why?	What will be the result of banning 500 and 1000 rupees note in India?	What do you think about RBI's new move of banning 500 and 1000 notes?	How do I reduce belly and chest fat?	What can I do to reduce my belly?	I have forgotten my Facebook password and email password also?	How can I get my password back from Facebook if my email address doesn't exist anymore?	What is the best way to get a large number of upvotes for your answers on Quora?	How do I get more than 1K upvotes for our answers in Quora?	Do women always enjoy sex?	Do women also enjoy sex?	How can I grow in spiritual awareness?	How can I grow spiritually?	Why didn't Dumbledore leave Harry the elder wand in his will?	Why didn't Dumbledore leave his wand to Harry in his will or request that it be destroyed?	Do virtual particles and energy in vacuum really exist? How do we know if they exist if we can't observe them? Where are they?	Quantum Mechanics: Virtual particles are said to "pop out of existence". How can we know that something doesn't exist?	What are electoral votes?	Can you explain electorial votes?	How can I earn money through YouTube?	How can I earn money using YouTube?	Will win the 2016 presidential race?	Who is going to win the 2016 US presidential election? Why?	How do I speak English fluently?	HOw do I speak Fluent English?	How can I reduce my belly fat through a diet?	How can I reduce belly fat and overall weight?	What are the best places to visit in Kerala?	What are the places to visit in Kerala during September last and October 1st?	What are the best top 10 movies of Hollywood ever?	What is your best Hollywood movie and why?	How will a Trump presidency affect the students presently in US or planning to study in US?	What is it going to be for Muslims students who intends to study in the US under Trump’s presidency?	What is the best way to wash Yamaha r3?	What is the washing procedure of Yamaha r3?	Who is the world’s richest person?	Which is the richest man in the world?	What are some examples of civil laws?	What are the civil law examples?	How can I effectively lose belly fat?	What are remedies to get rid of belly fat?	What's the best way to refurbish old wood floors?	What is the best way to refurnish 100+ year wood floor?	What is the difference between sarcasm and irony?	What is the difference between irony and sarcasm?	What are some of the best whiskey mixers?	What are some great whisky mixers?	How can I make money online for job?	How does one earn money online without an investment from home?	What will the real estate look like now after the 500 and 1000 scraping?	How do the real estate prices get affected by the Indian Government's decision to de-monetize 500 and 1000 notes?	Why did Tata Sons removed/sacked Cyrus Mistry as the chairman?	What made Tata group chairman Cyrus Mistry to quit?	Which is the best statistics class at MIT?	What are some good statistics classes at MIT?	Is Sri ramakrishna an incarnation?	Is Sri ramakrishna an incanation?	What’s your biggest regret in life?	What is your biggest regrett in life?	What is cause of gravity?	What is the cause of earth's gravity?	Is manual testing dying?	Is manual testing still significant?	Which book will be more prefer to study quantum mechanics?	What books can I read to know more about quantum mechanics?	How do I prepare for vmc admission test?	Which book should I should refer for VMC admission test class 10?	What is the development length?	What is developing length?	Can I boil water in a microwave?	Is it safe to boil water in a microwave?	What legal things or procedure are required for starting a small business?	What are the legal steps necessary for starting a small business?	Should Andrew Jackson be on the US $20 bill?	Does Andrew Jackson deserve to be on the $20 bill?	What is your best example of "presence of mind"?	What is the best example of 'presence of mind'?	Hi I want to learn SAP I am a commerce graduate. I am working in a Insurance Company which Specialisation I should choose?	I am a commerce graduate. Which is the best and most suitable SAP module for me?	How do you speak English?	How can we speak English?	What is the best way to finance an engagement ring?	How do I finance an engagement ring?	Can time travel ever be possible?	Will time travel ever become possable?	Do newspaper political endorsements and political editorials still matter? Do some matter more?	Do newspaper political endorsements still matter? Do some matter more than others?	How do I overcome my distractions?	How do I overcome from distractions?	When can women get pregnant in the menstrual cycle?	Can you get pregnant one day before ovulation?	How can I improve my pronunciation of English words?	How can I improve my fluency in English to face a more confortable job interview?	Is the US School System flawed? And how flawed if it is?	Is the United States school system flawed?	What happens when engineering is completed in 5 years instead of 4?	What happens when we complete engineering in 5 years?	How can I delete my Amulyam account?	How do you delete an amulyam.in account?	How can I improve my vocabulary?	What are some good ways to improve English vocabulary?	What's the cheapest way to get from Mountain View to San Francisco International Airport?	What is the best way to travel from San Francisco airport to Mountain View?	Which are books that one should read in there life time?	What are some must read books before one dies?	What is the Difference between allusion and illusion?	What's the difference between allusion and illusion?	Can I crack CAT?	How do I can crack CAT?	What if India breaks the Indus water treaty with Pakistan?	How will Pakistan react if Indus Waters Treaty be abrogated?	How will the demonetization of Indian currency affect India's economy?	How will demonetization affect India & Indian economy?	What do people from other countries think of America and Americans?	What do people in other countries think of America?	Do you think scraping Rs. 500 and Rs. 100 notes marks the beginning of curbing of the black money laundering in India?	What do you think about banning 500 and 1000 rupee notes in India?	What is the basic to learn telekinesis?	What are some easy ways to learn telekinesis? I'm a novice.?	How powerful are the Israeli Mossad?	How effective is Mossad?	Will banning 500 and 1000 notes can stop the black money?	How is black money curbed with the ban of 1000 rupee notes and introducing new 500 and 2000 rupee notes?	How can I ask long questions?	How can I ask a long question that needs explanation on Quora?	Why can't people just think?	Why can't people jjust think?	Was global warming replaced by climate change because they found there was no global warming?	When did global warming turn to climate change?	Is everyone a bit narcissistic?	Is everyone a narcissist?	Why Mahatma Gandhi didn't get nobel prize?	Why didn't gandhi received nobel peace prize after 5 nominations?	What programming language shoud I learn?	What is the best programming language for beginners to learn?	Who might President Donald Trump appoint to their cabinet?	Who are the likely members of Donald Trump's cabinet?	Is it possible to stop masturbating?	How can I stop masturbations?	What is crimping compression lugs and how it is useful?	What is crimping compression lugs?	What will be the result of banning 500 and 1000 rupees note in India?	What's your opinion about the decision on removal of 500 and 1000 rupees currency notes?	Why do we learn history?	Why do we have to learn history?	What is the sociology of education? Why is its role in teacher education important?	How is sociology of education helpful to a teacher?	How can I improve my writing skills for writing a book?	How can I improve in my writing?	What is the election of President Donald Trump means for the US universities and international students applying to them?	Will the Trump factor affect the admission of international students in the USA?	How can we curb pollution in Delhi NCR?	How can we curb pollution in Delhi?	How did the Internet cable get assembled at the bottom of the ocean?	Why are the internet cables laid at the bottom of the ocean? What is the procedure and how is it done?	What advice would you give your 30 year old self?	What advice would you give yourself if you were to meet your 30-year-old self?	Which is best escort in bangalore?	What are the best escorts in Bangalore?	What are the minute mistakes made by JEE aspirants during their preparation (also mention the solution regarding the problem)?	What mistakes do you think you made in the preparation of IIT-JEE (Advanced)?	Is scrapping old 500 and 1000 rupees notes and releasing new 500 and 2000 rupees notes a permanent solution for eradication of black money?	Will the decision to demonetize 500 and 1000 rupee notes help to curb black money?	How QuickBooks Proavisor Tech support Phone Number is Prominent for getting Solutions?	What is the quickbooks customer support phone number USA?	What's the ideal age to start a business?	What is the ideal age to start a business?	How do I prepare for the GRE?	How should I plan my preparation for GRE?	Which are the best MBA colleges in Gwalior?	What are the best MBA colleges in Gwalior?	How different is the Harry Potter book from the movies?	How big is the difference between harry potter books and movies?	What is special about David Foster Wallace?	What is unique about David Foster Wallace's writing style?	How can I copyright my app?	How do I copyright and trademark my apps?	How much coffee should I drink per day?	How much coffee should one drink per day?	How do nonprofit organizations pay employees?	How do directors of nonprofit organizations get paid?	Why did Quora limit question details to 300 words?	Why is there a word limit for question details?	Why does it feel absolutely horrible to drink Sprite and eat a banana at the same time?	Why do you get sick when you eat bananas and drink Sprite at the same time?	What is the longest English word ever?	What is the longest word in the English dictionary?	How Did You Ultimately Decide Which Career Path To Take?	How do you decide on the career you want?	How do I create a software?	How can one create software?	How do I get myself motivated to go to the gym?	How do I motivate myself to go to the gym regularly?	When and where did you find Quora?	How did you came to know about Quora?	What were the best science podcasts?	What are the best science podcasts?	What makes you happy about India.?	What makes you happy about India?	How does one become an enterprise architect?	How do I become an enterprise architect?	How does Demonetisation of 1000 and 500 rupees notes affect real estate industry?	Will abolishing 1000 and 500 currency note affect property prices?	Which fighter aircraft is better HAL Tejas or Saab Gripen?	what are the best aircraft fighter jets ? where hal tejas stand ?	How can you fix the ringer of an iPhone?	How can I fix the ringer on my iPhone?	How would you escape if your car nose dived into a lake or river?	What is the best way to escape from a car that is sinking?	Which is the best way to learn Programing language?	What is the best way to learn programming languages?	What would you do if you had unlimited power and money?	What would you do with your life if you had an unlimited supply of friends and money?	How do I remove dark circles permanently?	How do I remove under eye dark circles?	Why dogs tend to pee on the tyres of the parked vehicles?	Why do dogs pee on cars tyres?	What is the best Stalker mod?	What are the best Stalker mods?	Why is this boy being a jerk to me but last year wanted my attention?	Why is this boy being a jerk to me now but last year was begging me for my attention?	How do I make a FaceTime call from my Mac?	How do you set up facetime on your Mac?	What does the word/term "Brexit" mean?	What does brexit mean?	What are some of the best inventions?	What's the best invention ever?	Can we prove 0! =1?	How is 0! =1?	How should I invest my free time?	Where should I invest my free time?	What should I do in free time?	What do you do with your free time?	What herbs and vegetables lower blood pressure?	Is there an herb that safely causes low blood pressure?	What is the best place to have a nice romantic dinner in Goa?	Which is the best place for a candlelight dinner in Goa?	What is liberalism theory?	What are the main features of liberalism theory?	Who will win the US presidential elections 2016: Hillary Clinton or Donald Trump?	What are Donald Trump's chances against Hillary Clinton in a general election?	Can Hindus eat pork?	Do Hindus eat pork?	Does fish count as meat?	Can you categorize fish as meat?	What is the best way to improve my questions on Quora?	My questions on Quora all need improving. How do you ask a question on Quora?	Why do circuit breakers fail?	What causes a circuit breaker to fail?	How does Wikipedia earn money (other than obvious ways like donations)?	How will Wikipedia earn money?	What would Hillary Clinton do to strengthen the USA - India partnership?	What are Hillary Clinton's plans on USA - INDIA partnership?	How was the toothbrush invented?	Where and how were toothbrushes invented?	What are the engineering challenges to develop a gun like Star Trek's phasor?	What are the engineering challenges to develop a gun like Star Trek's phaser?	What is the best way to use condom safely?	How do I use a condom effectively?	How do I learn to draw manga?	What is the best way to learn how to draw a manga?	How do I play mind games if people are trying on me?	What are some good strategies to play mind games?	What is the greatest compliment someone has ever given you?	What's the best compliment you’ve ever received?	Where is Julian Assange now?	Where is Julian Assange?	How can I acquire leadership qualities?	How can you gain leadership qualities?	What is the best and safest way to clean a Samsung flat screen TV?	What is the best way to clean LCD monitors?	What is the evolutionary purpose (advantage) of consciousness?	Is there an evolutionary explanation for consciousness?	Is there any TV show similar to House M.D?	Are there any TV series similar to House MD?	Why is Prius the most hated car?	Why is the Prius so hated?	Which is the best earphone under 1000 bucks?	Which is the best bass in earphone under 1000?	Is Narendra Modi a communal leader?	Is narendra modi a communal person and why?	What is the process to get a brand name trademarked in India?	What is the process to get a trademark certificate and a brand authorization letter for a brand in India?	Did Mahabharata really happen?	What are some evidence that Ramayana and Mahabharata did happen?	Did Ma Long play in the Ittf world cup 2016?	Why didn't Ma Long play in the ITTF World Cup 2016?	How does Bauer compare to CCM Skates?	How do CCM and Bauer skates differ?	Will Hillary Clinton win the Presidential election?	Will Hillary Clinton win the US presidential elections in 2016 and prevent us from another war?	Give names of some of the best horror movies?	What are the best horror movies that will keep you up at night?	How do we know that nothing can travel faster than the speed of light?	How do you prove that nothing can go faster than light?	How do Outback Steakhouses prepare and cook their steaks?	How does Outback Steakhouse cook their food?	Should I permanently discontinue/stop/quit looking at/viewing/watching pornography and using pornography as a masturbatory aid?	I am not sure if I should permanently quit looking at/viewing/watching pornography and using it as a masturbatory aid. What should I do about this?	How do I delete read notifications on Quora?	How do I delete my notifications on Quora?	How do you know if you are in love with your crush?	How can you know if you're in love or just attracted to someone?	Is Rust worth it to learn?	Is Rust the language worth learning if I want to be a software engineer?	What is your favorite music genre? Why?	What is your favourite music genre and why?	What is the best book for GRE exam?	What is the best book to study for the GRE?	What can you teach me about the Roman empire that is rarely known?	What are some of the rarely mentioned facts of the Roman empire?	What is main difference between synchronous machine and induction motor?	What is the difference between a synchronous machine and an induction machine?	Was Delhi's odd-even rule effective?	How would we know if Delhi's odd-even car rule experiment succeeded or failed?	How do I know I am an infp?	How can I know if I'm an INFP?	How do I make money starting a blog?	How can I make money from a blog?	How would you improve yourself?	How do you improve yourself?	Where can I learn UX/UI?	How should I learn UX design?	What is the best way to learn c programming from 0?	How should I start to learn c language?	How do I reset my gmail password when they are not highlighting my recovery email option?	I lost my password with my Gmail account. How do I reset it without the account recovery info?	How can I earn money for my studies?	What is the best way to earn money during study?	Why don't I like performing cunnilingus?	Why don't some men enjoy performing cunnilingus?	Who was behind the invention of the light bulb?	Who invented the light bulb? How did the idea come to them?	How do I travel around the world?	How can I travel around the world?	Will masturbation affect my muscle growth?	How does masturbation affect growth?	How can I reduce my belly without doing exercise?	How can I reduce my belly fat taking into account the fact that I hardly get any time to exercise?	How do you tell your parents you got an “F” in the first semester when they expected you to get  an “A” ?	How do I tell my parents that I got an F?	Is it legal to get a job in the UK using a tourist visa?	Can I get a job in UK while I am on a Tourist visa?	What are some good stretches for your lower back?	How do I stretch my lower back?	How does a long distance relationship work?	What is the secret of keeping a successful long distance relationship?	How do I improve my English writing and speaking skills?	How can I improve my writing skills to write advanced composition?	Which are some of the best YouTube channels to subscribe to?	Which are the best YouTube channels that should be subscribed?	How do people transfer/take money from India and deposit in Swiss banks?	Through what channel is the Indian black money transferred to Swiss banks?	How do you get mildew smell out of carpet?	What are some ways to get rid of a mildew smell out of a carpet?	How many grams of protein should I eat a day?	How much protein should I eat per day?	What was it like to go from being very poor to becoming very rich over night	What is it like going from poor to rich in a short time?	Why do I always lose interest in people so quickly?	Why do I lose interest in people so quickly?	Why is Minecraft so fun?	Why is Minecraft fun?	How can I regain my appetite?	What can I do to bring back my appetite?	What are the most complex indie video games?	What is the most technically ambitious video game made by a small indie company?	What is Ajay Chandrakar's points towards turning into the greatest Eco-Tourism Hub in Chhattisgarh?	What is Ajay Chandrakar's aims towards becoming the biggest Eco-Tourism Hub in Chhattisgarh?	How will abolishing rs.500 and rs.1000 notes reduce corruption and identifying black money?	How will the new currency notes of denomination 500 and 2000 curb black money?	How successful is demonetization?	Will the demonetization successful in India or not?	Are there any other good communities like Quora?	Are there other websites like Quora?	What is that one incident that changed your life for better?	What one decision changed your life drastically?	How do you get rid of acne scars on your chest?	How can I get rid of my acne caused by stress?	What books (not blogs) should an aspiring entrepreneur read?	What are the top books an aspiring teen entrepreneur should read?	What should I eat every day to start losing weight?	What should I eat while losing weight?	How can I improve my spoken English?	How can I continue to improve my English?	Why does Indian education suck so much?	What are the Major problems in Indian education system?	Can I get my answers In hindi language?	Can I ask and get answers in Hindi?	How can I overcome my stutter and speak fluently and confidently in public settings?	How can I master speaking fluently and formally so that I don't stutter in public or in front of strangers?	How is the value of [math]\pi[/math] calculated?	What is the value pi?	How did Quora beat Yahoo Answers?	Why did Yahoo answers fail and Quora succeed?	As a third year btech student what should I do to start preparing for ias exam?	How do I start preparation for IAS exam?	How do I contact someone on Quora?	How do you send a private message to someone you're following on Quora?	What are some tips for becoming successful?	How can I become successful?	What is it like to attend your high school reunion?	What was it like to go to your high school reunion if you peaked after high school?	Why isn't anyone answering my questions?	Why doesn't anyone here answer my questions?	Why was Cyrus Mistry sacked by Ratan Tata from Tata Sons?	Why did the Tata Sons sacked Cyrus Mistry?	How do I achieve goals?	How can I achieve my goals?	How can I hack a Facebook account?	How can someone hack a Facebook account?	How does a pilot land in the event of total electrical failure?	How does a pilot navigate in the event of total electrical failure?	How can I improve my English in all aspects?	How can I improve in English?	Is time travel possible through cosmic strings?	How is time travel possible?	How can I improve my English Language?	How can I improve fluency in English?	Why Indians are short in height?	Why are Indians short in height?	What are bad genes?	What is a bad gene?	How do I grow taller? Some tips?	How can I grow taller at 18?	How can I see followers on Facebook?	Where can I see my followers in Facebook?	What kind of paper does Peter Lik use for his prints? Why?	What kind of paper does Peter Lik use for his prints?	What is the fee structure of a CFA course in India?	What is the fee structure for a CFA course in India?	Why should we all protect the environment? How can we protect it?	How do we protect environment?	How i can stop over thinking and start doing?	How do I stop my habit of over thinking?	What do you mean by investment?	What is the meaning of investment?	How do I motivate myself to go to the gym regularly?	How do people get the motivation to go to the gym like every day?	What should be done to get rid of laziness?	What should somebody do to get rid of his laziness?	What is the key of success?	What is the #1rule of success?	What are the various career options after engineering?	What are the career options after finishing engineering?	What is the fact behind Bermuda triangle?	What is the secret behind Bermuda triangle?	Is it really difficult to become a doctor?	How difficult is it to be a doctor?	What is the best free online dating site?	What is the best completely free dating website?	What did I do wrong when my question is marked as "Needs Improvement"?	Does a question marked for improvement get seen by others?	What are the best gadgets to buy in 2016 that most people don't know about?	What are the best new products or gadgets that most people don't know about?	What will be the repercussions of banning Rs 500 and Rs 1000 notes on Indian economy?	How will India be affected now that 500 and 1000 rupee notes have been banned?	What can we learn from the Mahabharata?	What are the things we can learn from the Mahabharata and follow in our daily lives?	What are the best ways to deal with exam stress?	How do I handle exam stress?	Is there any reservations for girls in NMIMS?	Are there any reservations in the NMIMS?	Is it possible to get pregnant a week after your period?	Can you get pregnant 7 days after your last period?	Why can't India get more medals in Olympics?	Why is India so bad at Olympics?	How can i become radio jockey?	How can I become a radio jockey?	What is the best photo?	What are some of the best photos?	Is there a jaw crusher for sale in South Africa?	Who are some crusher suppliers in Africa?	Can I use Jio sim in my 3G mobile?	How do I use Jio sim in 3G devices?	Which are the best apps on motivation?	What are some of the best motivational apps?	Would you date a shorter guy?	Would you date a guy who is 5 inches shorter than you?	What is the best perm for short hair?	How do you perm short hair?	When will the present reservation policy stop in India?	When will the reservation system come to an end in India?	Who was the first emperor of a united India?	Who is the emperor of India?	How can I hack fb password?	How do I hack into someones Facebook?	What is the best option for a student pursuing bachelors of engineering in computer science?	Which are the best career options for a computer science and engineering student?	What are the best ways to get sponsorship for Indian college fests?	How do I get sponsors for college event?	What should I do when I feel bored?	What is best do when you feel bored?	What is the best tool for site analysis?	Which tool is the best for website analysis?	Why does life get complicated once you grow up?	Why does life becomes complicated as we grow up?	Why and how do we get déjà vu?	How do Déjà Vus happen?	Why does love is always complicated?	Why is love so complicated?	What is the best weapon in a zombie apocalypse (think about ammo)?	What are the best (50) weapons for the Zombie Apocalipse?	What do you think about the Modi's sudden decision to scrap 500 and 1000 rs denomination?	What do you think of the decision by the Indian government to demonetize 500 and 1000 rupee notes?	Daniel Ek: Why spotify is not available in India for free?	Daniel Ek: Are there any future plans of releasing Spotify in India?	For how long will reservation system for backward castes continue in India?	How long will it take to completely eliminate Caste based Reservation in India?	What are some examples of vertebrated animals?	What are some examples of vertebrates?	How can I get into the field of virtual reality?	How do I get involved with virtual reality development?	Will a gap after graduation affect admission into the IIMs?	Will this gap year affect my personal interviews in IIMs?	What is your favorite poem?	What's your favorite poem?	How do plug in mosquito repellents work?	How do mosquito repellent liquid vaporizers work?	Which programming language is best for developing low-end games?	What programming language should I learn if I want to create games?	How was your tinder experience?	How have your experiences with using Tinder been?	What is the best place to be during the zombie apocalypse?	What is the best store to hide in during a zombie attack?	What castes are included under OBC in India?	What castes comes under obc? Who has highest reservations in obc?	How do we know if one has self-love?	How do I know if I love myself?	What's it like to work for PornHub?	What is it like to work at Pornhub?	What can I use to lighten my body?	How do I lighten skin?	How can you start a new clothing line?	How can I start my own clothing line?	How much does it cost to start a drone business?	How would one start a drone startup?	What's the best way to break up with someone?	Is there any way in which I might break up with my girlfriend but hurt her less?	What are some mind blowing facts about Turkey?	What are some interesting facts about Turkey?	How do I find the right person for me?	How do I find the right one?	What are the expected consequences of Declaring 500 and 1000 rupee notes as illegal?	What will be the effects of demonitizing 500 and 1000 rupees notes in Indian economy?	What is the best uni to earn a master's degree in renewable energy?	Which are the top universities where you can pursue a master's in renewable energy?	How can someone make more friends?	How do I get more friends?	I am poor in English grammar so how should I improve my grammar?	How can I improve my basic English grammar?	Where can I find the best quality cupcakes in Gold Coast?	Where can I find delicious cupcakes at Gold Coast?	How can I prepare to be a successful fashion designer?	How can I become a successful fashion designer?	How much time do you need to spend on Quora to become a top writer?	How do you get top writer?	What are remedies to get rid of belly fat?	What are some workout plans to lose belly fat?	Is the GBO course in SRCC good?	How is GBO course of SRCC in terms of placement and faculty?	As a third year btech student what should I do to start preparing for ias exam?	How do I start preparing for IAS exam? How much time should I spend on which subject?	What is a good way to learn the violin?	What is the best way to learn violin? Is it on the Internet (any source) or through coaching?	Are conspiracy theories ever true?	Which is the most unlikely conspiracy theory which turned out to be true?	Which are best movie in history?	What are the best movies of all time?	How are Kerala and Keralites different from other states in India? What are some achievements unique to Kerala?	How is Kerala is so different from all the other states of India in every respect?	Why does Quora have a character limit for question titles and details?	Why does Quora have a character limit in Question Details?	How can I get better grades in school?	How can I learn better in school/ How can I get better grades in school?	What is bass in music?	What is meaning of bass in music?	What are the best anime hentai sites?	What is the best free anime porn site?	I had sex in August. A week later I got my period regular for 4 days (heavy bleeding). I missed my period in September. Can I be pregnant?	I had sex on the 9th and my period started on the 11th. Could I still get pregnant?	How would one begin to create their own operating system?	What knowledge should one have to create an operating system?	When will India be ready to host the Olympics?	Can India ever host the Olympics?	What is socialism? What are the advantages and disadvantages?	What are the disadvantages and advantages of socialism?	Is the IELTS better than PTE?	Is PTE better than IELTS?	What are the economical advantages of using LED lights over conventional light sources?	What are the economic advantages of using LEDs over conventional light sources?	What are leading trends in movies that mamke money in the box-office?	What are leading trends in movies that make money in the box-office?	What are the last known 30 digits of pi?	What are the last 30 known digits of pi?	Which is the oldest question that has never been answered on Quora?	What is the oldest Quora question still unanswered?	What is causing universe to expand?	What is causing our universe to expand and accelerate?	How can someone invent a time machine?	Is there any chance of inventing time machine?	Are we currently revolving around a giant black hole in the Milky Way galaxy?	What is the evidence that we have that there is a massive black hole at the centre of the Milky Way?	What will be the impact on Cuba of the death of Fidel Castro (11/25/2016)?	How will Fidel Castro's death impact the world and history for years to come?	Quora: which is your personal favorite answer that was written by you?	What’s your favorite answer you have written on Quora? Why is it your favorite?	Will Rs. 2000 currency note really come with A GPS chip? Or it is just a rumor?	Is the new 2000 Rupee note really implementing NGC (Nano GPS Chip)?	What examples of haploid cells are there?	What are haploid cells and what are some examples?	Why do people believe the earth is flat when clearly earth is round from space?	Why do people still believe in flat earth?	What would happen if a Super Star Destroyer appeared above Earth?	What would earth forces do if a Star Destroyer appeared in orbit?	What is the easy way to make money online?	What are some easy ways to make done extra money online?	Should I apply for pan card online or offline?	How do I apply for PAN Card?	Does the lethal injection hurts?	Is execution by lethal injection painful?	How do I concentrate in my work?	How can one concentrate on his work?	Why do people believe the earth is flat when clearly earth is round from space?	Why do people say the earth is flat when we have seen photos of the earth (which is round)?	How can I reduce tummy fat?	How do I reduce tummy?	Which is the best place to visit in Goa?	What places should one visit in Goa?	Who was the best general of World War 1?	Who was the greatest general of World War 1?	Can a US citizen commute to Shenzhen from Hong Kong daily?	Is it possible to commute between Hong Kong and Shenzhen daily?	How does it feel to touch a woman's boobs?	How does it feel to squeeze boobs?	How can I speak English fluently and fast?	How can I speak English like natives?	Why was Venice (Venizia) built on a swamp?	How was Venice built?	What is the best way to use olive oil for face?	How do you use olive oil on your face?	What is your favorite class in Team Fortress 2 and why?	What is your favorite tf2 class and why?	Who's the richest man in the world?	Who is the richest man in the world (by money)?	Why is Abraham Lincoln on the penny and the $5 bill?	Why is Abraham Lincoln on the $5 dollar bill and our pennies?	Why do the Swiss dislike chinese tourist?	Why do the Swiss dislike Chinese tourists?	How Do I get traffic on website?	How can I get traffic for my website?	How do I become a mentally strong woman?	How do I become emotionally and mentally strong?	What are Hillary Clinton’s qualifications to be President?	Why is Hillary Clinton eligible to be President?	Which cream is réally glow the mens face?	Which cream is really glow the mens face?	Is it possible to get pregnant before period or after period ends?	Can I get pregnant a week after my cycle?	How do I get funding for my idea of an app?	How do I get funding for my startup idea before we have a prototype?	Which book is good to learn phyton?	Which is the best book to learn Phyton?	What is the effect of chronic exposure to carbon monoxide?	What are the effects of being exposed to carbon monoxide? What are the symptoms?	Is the intelligence acquired or inherited?	How much intelligence is inherited?	What do you think about the Modi's sudden decision to scrap 500 and 1000 rs denomination?	What do you think of Prime Minister Narendra Modi's decision to introduce new INR 500 and INR 2000 currency notes?	How should we react on Uri camp terror attack?	How can India retaliate against terror sponsored states after the recent Uri Attack?	Atheists: What caused you to become atheists?	How and why did you become an atheist?	What are the best places to visit this December in India?	What are the best places to visit in India in December?	Where do you go when you die?	Where do we go to when we die?	How should we improve communication skills?	How can I increase my communication skills?	What is your New Year Resolution for 2017?	What is your New Year's resolution for 2017?	How much does Disneyland theme park make in a day?	How much money does Disneyland make in a day?	How will be the banning of 500 and 1000 rupees notes will have impact on real estate and Construction industry in India?	How does the demonetized notes of 500 and 1000 effect the real estate?	How far is Nasik (Nashik) from Mumbai?	How far is Nashik (Nasik) from Mumbai?	What books should I read to learn about Sufism?	What books do I need to read to learn more about Sufism?	What is the best gift you ever received?	What is the best tangible gift you've ever received?	Which is the best QuickBooks error support number?	What is the best Quickbooks technical support number?	Is Python good to start learning programming?	How should I start learning data analytics with python as a beginner?	Can i get pregnant the day after my period ends?	Is it possible to get pregnant before your regular period?	What is the best way to reduce body weight?	What is the fastest possible way to lose weight?	Why did Quora moderation collapse the answer?	Why is Quora moderation collapsing all my answers?	Is time travel possible after the discovery of gravitational waves?	Is time traveling possible in future?	What's the funniest thing your teacher ever said that you remember?	What is the funniest thing your teacher has ever said?	How can I lose weight loss?	What are some ways to lose weight fast?	What are the names of other solar systems found?	What are the names of other solar systems? How were they discovered?	My uncle stays with his mother he is 30 years old and she pays his phone bill and he walks around slamming doors because he is broke? What's wrong?	My uncle stays with his mother (my grandma) he is 30 years old and she pays his phone bill and he walks around slamming doors because he is broke?	How can you find the magnitude of an electric field?	How can the magnitude of an electric field be found?	What caused the American Civil War?	What was the American civil war really about?	What are the career options after graduating from chemical engineering?	What are the options for a chemical engineer after B.tech?	Should people all over the world speak only one language?	Would humanity be better off with only one language?	What are some of the best jokes ever told?	What are the best jokes in the world?	What useful thing can I learn right now?	What are some useful skills I can learn in minutes?	How the universe came into existence?	How the universe has been created?	Is it possible to know who viewed your profile on whatsapp?	Can I see who viewed my profile on WhatsApp?	What are little things that defied logic?	What are some things that completely defies logic?	Can you start your own country?	How do I start your own country?	How do you add topics upon asking a question on Quora?	How do I add tags to my question in Quora?	Will south China sea be the start of WW3?	Will the South China Sea dispute lead to World War III?	What are hydrogen bonds?	What is hydrogen bonding?	What happens if two people have same marks in NEET? How is the rank awarded?	What happens if two people have same marks in NEET? How is the rank given?	What is the meaning of living life?	What is a meaning of life?	Why do anonymous questions get more answers as compared to non-anonymous?	Do questions asked anonymously get more answers as compared non anonymous? Why or why not?	Why do we feel sorry for ourselves?	Why do people feel sorry for themselves?	What is the easiest way to get an old Facebook password?	How can I get my old Facebook password?	How does it feel to have sex with many persons?	How does it feel to have had sex with more than one person?	How could I gain weight?	How can I gain weight on my body?	How could I start my business?	How can I start my business?	How can I get an Internship if I am focusing only on competitive coding?	How do I get an Internship with only competitive programming experience?	Why is religion so important to a human being?	Why is religion so important to some people?	What are the benefits of sleeping in the nude?	What are the benefit of sleeping naked?	What is the best book of SSC CGL?	Which are the best books for SSC CGL?	What is the future of EU after Brexit?	What is the future of EU affect Brexit?	What should I do if I'm being followed?	What do I do if I'm being followed by someone?	Why do so many people ask questions on Quora instead of searching the answers on Wikipedia?	Why do so many people ask things on Quora that they could just as easily Google?	Which is best Photoshop app for Android?	What is the best Photoshop app for an Android tablet?	Who is the best escort service provider in Bangalore?	Which is best escort agency in Bangalore?	Who is the world famous astrologer in india?	Famous Astrologer in India?	What are the four main parts of the brain and how do they function?	What are the main parts of the brain and how do they work?	How can I become a movie director?	Where do I start for me to become a movie director?	Why do people ask questions on Quora that are easily to find answers too on Google?	Why do people write questions on Quora that could be answered with a quick web search?	Is there some painless way to suicide?	What is the most effective way to suicide?	How does a projector project black onto a white screen?	How does a projector projects black color?	What principles from computer science are important for a UX designer to understand?	How much computer science an User experience designer should know about?	How do I get an interview call from startups?	How do I get interview call from startups?	What are few best exercise to lose weight?	What are some exercise to lose weight?	How do I seduce girls?	How can find written words that seduce a girl?	How do I deal with depression?	How can I beat depression?	Is it hard to write a book?	How hard it is to write a book?	How do we perceive sound as human being?	How do we perceive sound?	Which books are best to study GMAT?	Which books should help us prepare for the GMAT?	What will be the best SEO strategies in 2017?	What are the best SEO strategies for 2017?	Where is the Wikimedia Foundation physically located? What is the exact address?	Where is Wikimedia Foundation located?	How do I use Email marketing effectively?	How can I use Email marketing effectively?	Why does a flame always point upwards?	Why the flame is upward?	What is the fee structure of AFMC?	What is the fee structure of AFMC college?	Can we time travel anyhow?	Is time travel possible after the discovery of gravitational waves?	Is steel a pure substance?	Is steel a mixture or a pure substance?	How do I start IAS preparation at home?	How can I start IAS preparation in home?	When religious people say "everything happens for a reason" what do they mean by it?	Why do religious people say everything happens for a reason?	Do girls still grow after their first period?	Can you still grow after period?	Can not find a job?	Why can't I find a job?	How do I synchronise application with server?	How do I synchronise an application to server?	What is the difference between front and back end?	What is the difference between front end and back end development?	What are some characteristics of dicots?	What are some characteristics of dicot plants?	Were can I find Angel Investors who actually listen and invest?	I want angel investors for my website. Where and how do I approach them?	How will the ban on 500 and 1000 rupee note stop black money?	Would demonetization of 500 and 1000 rupee notes actually help in curbing black money in India?	What is the best movie of all time? (In your opinion)	Which are best movie in history?	How Donald Trump will make Mexico pay for the wall?	How will Donald Trump make Mexico pay for the wall? Why does it make sense that Mexico will pay? Will Mexico do it?	What's so wrong with NAFTA?	What are the NAFTA disadvantages of NAFTA?	Do girls like guys with big butts?	Do women like guys with big butts?	How do I take a screenshot on my iPhone?	How can you take a screenshot on a iPhone? Is the process the same for every model?	What is lord of the rings about?	What is a summary of Lord of the Rings?	How do I stop a German Shepherd/Border Collie mix puppy from chewing my shoes?	How can I stop my dog from chewing my shoes?	Which is best career to choose between Oracle Retail and Angular JS?	Which is better platform to choose between Oracle Retail and Angular JS with Scala?	Can artificial intelligence such as JARVIS be built?	Is it possible to build artificial intelligence like JARVIS and if not why?	What causes a market crash?	What causes a market to crash?	Why can't we see evidence of alien life?	Why can't we find evidences to alien life?	What are your views on Modi governments decision to demonetize 500 and 1000 rupee notes? How will this affect economy?	What are the possible implications of Demonetization of 500 and 1000 rupee notes?	What are some good universities for computer science around the world?	What are the best computer science schools?	How do you find out if someone has more than one Facebook account?	Is there a way to find out if someone has another Facebook account?	What makes bad individuals become good?	What causes a bad person to become a good one?	How do sociology and social work differ?	How do social work and sociology differ?	How can you build website like Facebook?	How do you make a site like Facebook?	What is the requirement to install kali linux 32 bit in pc?	How can I install Kali Linux on my Windows XP PC?	What do you think of Elon Musk's "we live in a simulation" theory?	Why did Elon Musk say we live in a simulation?	How will I contact a genuine hacker?	How do l contact a hacker?	How can I re-learn self-discipline?	What are some tips for practicing self-discipline?	Is Donald Trump really a racist?	Why do some people say that Donald Trump is racist?	How was Chris Wallace as a moderator in the Presidential debate?	Did Chris Wallace do a relatively good job as presidential debate moderator?	When and how did you become an atheist?	When did you become an atheist?	What makes Quora.com better than Yahoo answers?	What are the top 3 things that makes Quora better than answers.com and answers.yahoo.com?	How can I earn from online?	How can I earn money online?	Will we ever achieve immortality?	Can we ever reach immortality?	Which books would you say are the best you've ever read?	Which is the best book you have ever read?	Why are there so many Anti-Semitic questions on Quora?	Why do anti-Semitic questions always show up in my Quora feed?	What is the effect of masturbating daily?	What are the side effects of masturbating 2 times daily?	What will be the effect of recent demonetization of rs500 and rs 1000 notes on the real estate or property business?	How does Demonetisation of 1000 and 500 rupees notes affect real estate industry?	How is first time sex experience?	What does first sex feel like?	How do you stop a Terrier/Border Collie mix from destroying your furniture?	How do I stop my dog from humping my furniture?	How can I make myself interested in reading book?	How can I get interested in reading books?	Is it good to remove blackheads?	Should you remove blackheads?	What do we know about Jesus from sources other than the Bible?	Are there sources to describe the life of Jesus other than the bible?	Why do people drive slow in the fast lane?	Why do some people drive slowly (10+ MPH under the speed limit) in the passing lane?	What are the best places to visit in Bangalore?	What are the best places to visit in Bengaluru and nearby?	How does one get many views on a Quora question?	How can I have many views on my posts in Quora?	How do I let things go?	What is the best way to let go of things and move on?	What are the components of a computer hardware?	What are some components of a computer?	How can I change my life completely and make it interesting?	How do I make a drastic change in my life and stick to it?	When do I start preparing for the UPSC exam?	How should I start and from where should I start preparing for UPSC?	What are the cool new features of iOS 10.0?	What are the best new features of iOS 10?	What is the fact behind Bermuda triangle?	What's the mystery behind Bermuda triangle?	What is Verilog and what is it used for?	What is Verilog and where is it used in real life?	Which are the best earphones under 600?	What are the best earphones for under 600?	How do I stop a Pointer/Boxer mix puppy from chewing my shoes?	How do I stop a German Shepherd/Border Collie mix puppy from chewing my shoes?	Is love worth dying for?	Is love or obsession for a woman worth dying for?	Should the world evolve toward one universal language?	Would humanity be better off with only one language?	How can I do marketing for my website?	How do I do marketing of a website?	What is the best way to start a business in India?	How do I start up new business in India?	What are the best smartphones under 15K in 2016?	Which is the best android device to buy under ₹15000?	What are some good ways to lose weight?	What are the ways of losing weight?	How do I get a Universal International Freephone Number?	How can I get international phone number?	How could I improve my English pronunciation?	How can I improve my English Language?	What is the best way to remove a liquid bandage?	What are some ways to remove liquid bandages?	Does telekinesis exist?	Is telekinesis possible?	What is your all-time favorite YouTube video?	Which is your favorite YouTube video and why?	When and how can a dog get pregnant?	How can dogs get pregnant?	Which is the best cigarette to smoke in India?	Which is the best cigarette in India?	Should the letter of recommendation to be uploaded for graduate studies be written in Letter Head?	Are letters of recommendation for grad school written on an official letter head?	How can I get PokeCoins on Pokémon GO?	How Do I Get Unlimited Free Pokecoins In Pokemon Go?	Why terrorism exists?	Why does terrorism exist in the world?	What is your greatest fear in life that you are afraid of?	What is your greatest fear In life?	How do I improve my English speaking?	How I can speak English fluently?	Where did the Battle of Dunkirk start? What impact did it cause in WWII?	What impact did Battle of Dunkirk make in WWII?	What are the best books for ICSE class 9?	What are the best ICSE textbooks for class9?	What's your opinion about the decision on removal of 500 and 1000 rupees currency notes?	Why is the government abruptly banning the 500 Rupees and the 1000 rupees currency notes in India?	What is the best programming language I should learn as a beginner?	Which is thebest language to learn coding for begginers?	Why did prophet Muhammad marry 6 year old girl? Why dint he think to adopt her? Keep calm and answer.	Why did prophet Mohammed married a six year old girl?	How does it feel to be dead?	What would dying feel like?	What's the difference between AO Type C and W in the PAN Card application?	How do I select my AO code for new Pan Card application?	Has anyone ever changed your life with an answer on Quora?	Has an answer on Quora changed your life?	How would most people prefer to spend their time if they didn't have to work for a living?	What would you do if you didn't have to work for a living?	What will happen to America if Donald Trump wins the election?	What will happen to the economy as a whole if Donald Trump wins the presidential election?	How do I play Pokémon GO?	How can we play Pokémon GO?	What's the meaning of "Om"?	What is the meaning of om?	I can't remember my Gmail password or my recovery email. How can I recover my e-mail?	How can I add a recovery phone number to my Gmail account without password to my account?	What is the age difference between lovers that is acceptable?	What should be a right difference of age between two couples?	What is your new year resolution?	What's your New Year resolutions for 2017 and what will you do to accomplish your goal?	How does banning 500 & 1000 rupee notes solve black money problem?	How will demonetization of 500 and 1000 rupee notes stop corruption?	How do buttercream icing frosting separate?	What causes buttercream frosting to separate? How can I make it better?	Why were the Australian aboriginals chained and put in shackles?	Do you know why the Europeans put the Australian Aborignals in chains?	How much time is required for complete preparation of CAT?	How much time do I have to devote for CAT preparation?	What would President Hillary Clinton's cabinet look like?	Who would be in President Hillary Clinton's cabinet?	What would be the most suitable job(s) for a remorseless high-functioning sociopath?	What is the most suitable job for a sociopath?	How do you know you're in love again?	How do you know if you are in love or just limerice?	Is it possible to fall in love with more than one woman / girl in the same period of time?	Is it possible for people to love 2 person at the same time?	What does it mean when you constantly think of someone?	What dose it mean when you think about somone constantly?	Does America have internet censorship?	Internet censorship in America?	How many active users does My Yahoo have?	How many regular users are there of yahoo.com?	How do I start looking for colleges?	Where do I start when looking for colleges?	What is a suggested timetable for IAS preparation?	What is the best daily timetable for IAS preparation?	Can India ever get hold of Dawood Ibrahim? How and when?	Will India ever be able to catch hold of Dawood Ibrahim?	What are your favorite books?	Which is your favorite book?	Has the North American trade deal NAFTA been good for Canada?	Is NAFTA good for Canada?	What's the difference between infatuation and real love?	What is the difference between infatuation and "real love"?	What makes India a very different country from rest of the world?	What is the striking difference between India and the Rest of the World?	What's the best website to learn extensive programming from?	What is the best website or book to learn a programming language from?	What are the top 3 important Android phone apps?	What are the top 2 important Android phone apps?	What happens to consciousness after death?	What happens to human consciousness after death?	What is the purpose of crystal oscillator?	Where crystal oscillators are used?	How can a shy person improve his social life?	How can I improve my social circle?	What is your philosophy on the existence of God?	What's your philosophy about God?	How do I learn more English vocabulary?	What is the best way to learn English vocabulary?	Have the Ancient Anasazi been scientifically tested?	Has Ancient Babylon been scientifically tested?	What are the least popular Olympic sports? Why are they unpopular?	What are the least popular Olympic sports?	Who is better Donald Trump or Hillary Clinton?	Is Hillary Clinton really worse than Donald Trump?	How can I tell if my phone is buged?	How can I tell if my phone is not tapped?	What are some ways to learn organic chemistry fast?	How we can learn organic chemistry easily?	Which are the best cricket bats?	What is the best cricket bat ever?	How do I get rid of cellulite from my lower body? What kind of physical activity helps?	How do I get rid of cellulite on my butt?	How does Renaissance art compare to Medieval art?	How is Renaissance art different from medieval art?	What is a Jewish red tent?	What does a red tent mean to Jewish people?	How shall I prepare for IBPS PO interview?	I have cleared IBPS PO Mains 2016. How should I prepare for the interview?	How should I start IAS preparation after graduation?	How do I start preparation for upsc exams?	What is the fastest CO2 car top design?	What are the fastest CO2 car designs?	Should I be scared of riding an airplane?	Why shouldn't I be scared of airplanes?	What is the most mindblowing film you have ever seen?	What is the most mind-blowing movie you've seen?	What is the difference between a Coronal Mass Ejection and a Flare?	What is the difference between coronal mass ejections and solar flares?	How can one make money online?	What are the best ways to make money online?	How can I start learning Swedish?	What book is recommend for learning Swedish?	What are some of the most highly upvoted comments on Quora?	What are some top-liked comments on Quora?	How can I lose weight quickly in 2 weeks?	How can I lose my weight fast?	How many squares are there in a chessboard?	How many total square are there in chessboard?	Why should I visit Kerala?	What are some good beaches to visit in Kerala?	What are the best Applicant Tracking Systems used to manage recruiting and why is the service good?	What are the best Applicant Tracking Systems used to manage recruiting? And why is the service good?	Should we believe in horoscope and why?	Why should I believe in horoscopes?	How can I get a ride on a civilian C-130?	Flying: How can I get a ride in a C-130?	What are thematic maps? What are some examples?	What are three types of thematic maps? How do they differ?	What is the best place to visit in Kerala in June?	What are the best places to visit in Kerala for college students?	What is the best way to learn hacking in short time?	Which is the best way to learn hacking?	How can I better manage my anxiety?	How do I manage my overwhelming anxiety?	What are different bra sizes?	What are the different bra sizes? What does the number and letter represent respectively?	How do I can improve my problem-solving skills?	What should be done to improve problem solving?	How do I turn around my life in positive way?	How do I turn around my life in a positive way?	How do you properly thaw frozen Lobster tails?	How do you quickly thaw frozen lobster tails?	What are the positive aspects of demonetization?	What are the positive aspects involved in Demonetization?	Can I locate someones phone without them knowing or having apps?	How can I track my friend's phone without them knowing it?	What phone should I buy under Rs 15000?	Which phone is best to buy under 15k?	What's it liking dating an Aussie?	What's it like dating an Aussie?	Do women watch gay porn?	Do women watch gay pornography?	How does banning 500 and 1000 rupee notes help to control black money?	Do you think scrapping of 500 and 1000 rupee denominations is going to eradicate corruption?	Did Jesus really walk on water?	Is it true that Jesus walked on water?	Where does my consciousness come from? And why can't I guide another body? Who am I?	Where does conciousness come from?	Which is your favorite anime?	What's your favourite anime? And why?	Why Hillary Clinton wearing red and Donald Trump is wearing a blue tie for debate? Shouldn't they be wearing the party they are running for?	Why did Hillary Clinton wear red and Donald Trump wear blue for the debate last night?	Who is president of america?	Who is the President of America now?	What is the one movie you watched that changed your life the most?	What is the one movie that influenced your life the most?	Is Einstein an atheist?	Why was Albert Einstein considered an atheist?	Which is the best movie of 2016?	What movie is the best movie of 2016?	Why does methamphetamine cause sores?	Why does meth cause sores?	Which are the best universities in Europe?	What are the best universities in Europe?	How do I reset my Gmail password when I don't have access to my recovery information?	I can't remember my Gmail password or my recovery email. How can I recover my e-mail?	How will scraping of 500 and 1000 rupees notes help in curbing corruption and black money?	How will the India demonetization of 500 and 1000 rupees notes will reduce black money?	Is it possible to make an Iron Man suit?	Is it possible with our current technology to create an Ironman suit?	Can I have the B2B tech companies in Dallas?	Can I have the list of B2B tech companies in Dallas?	What is the best laptop to buy under 25000INR?	Which are the best laptops under INR 25000 in Indian market?	What's the importance of GST bill in India?	What exactly is GST bill and how exactly will it affect the common people?	Which answer on Quora got the most likes?	Which answer on Quora got the most likes yet?	How can you tell if someone is a psychopath?	Is there any way to know if someone is a psychopath?	Why do cats spit hairballs? Is it harmful?	What is the reason why cats cough hairballs?	Is salsa bad for you in any way?	Why is salsa bad for you?	What are the easy ways to earn money online?	What are some easy ways to make done extra money online?	How should one start preparing for UPSC?	How should I start and from where should I start preparing for UPSC?	What are the best poetry pieces written by you?	What is the best poem or lines of poetry you have ever written?	What is the best digital marketing course online for a beginner?	Which is the best free digital marketing course?	How can I find a person from his picture?	How can I find someone with a picture?	Is online learning the backbone of future education?	Is online learning the future of education?	How do I deal with social anxiety disorder?	What is the best way to deal with social anxiety disorder?	Which country is richest in its ancient period?	Was india the richest country in the world in history?	How can I see who viewed my Instagram videos?	How do l see who viewed my videos on Instagram?	What is the best binary options strategy?	Which is best strategy to earn money with binary option trading?	What is the best answer for tell me about yourself in an interview?	What is the answer to tell me about your self interview?	Why is Saltwater taffy candy imported in The Bahamas?	Why is Saltwater taffy candy imported in Japan?	What is EBD for vehicle?	What is EBD in cars?	What are ways to make money online at home?	What are the best ways to make money online?	What's the quickest way to get rid of belly fat?	I've gained belly through years of inactivity how do I get rid of it?	How do I teach myself to become a penetration tester?	As a fresher How can I be the penetration tester?	Who is the most powerful man?	Who is the most powerful man on earth?	Is our PM Modi doing the correct thing with 500 and 1000 Rs notes?	What do you think about Modi's new policy on the ban of Rs 500 and Rs 1000 notes?	What is Bulletproof Coffee good for?	Does bulletproof coffee work? Is it legitimate?	Do the Clinton's still owe thousands for the items they stole from the White house?	Did the Clintons really steal items from the White House when they left?	How can I meet British women in Toronto?	How can one meet British women in Toronto?	How I be a porn star?	How do I become a porn star?	How did you get rid of hives?	How do you get rid of hives on your face?	How do I shave my bikini line?	What is the best way to shave the bikini area?	Why is Saltwater Taffy candy imported in Italy?	Why is Saltwater Taffy candy imported in Portugal?	What should I do to get a job without experience?	How can a recent graduate get a job without experience?	What do I need to start a youtube channel?	How can I start my YouTube channel?	What is your favorite color? Why?	What's your favorite color?	What do I do when I can't control my anger?	How do I control my anger and have patience?	Is the Donald Trump phenomenon a failure of American democracy?	Is Donald Trump's election as POTUS a failure of democracy?	What are the best resources to learn digital signal processing for machine learning?	What are the best resources to learn about digital signal processing?	What do Chinese people think about Narendra Modi?	What do Chinese people think of Narendra Modi?	How can I make money online for job?	How can we earn money online in india?	Can an aircraft inexplicably gain altitude without input from the pilot.?	Can an aircraft inexplicably gain altitude without input from the pilot?	What is the difference between steam and vapor?	What is the differance between steam and water vapor?	Can we bring a dead animal back to life?	Is it possible to bring dead bodies back to life in some sense with the help of current technologies and science?	What is the best stylus to use with the iPad?	Which stylus is the best for drawing on an iPad?	What is repo and reverse repo rate?	What is the difference between repo rate n reverse repo rate?	What is Coursera?	What is Coursera? Is it useful?	What is happening with Kashmir?	What should happen with Kashmir?	As a student how can you be restorer?	As a student how can you be a restorer?	What kind of economy does the United States have compared to the one in Mexico?	What kind of economy does the United States have compared to the economies of other countries?	Who is better Trump or Clinton?	Who is better Donald Trump or Hillary Clinton and why?	Can I go back in time?	Can we travel in time?	Will we ever be able to control gravity?	Will we ever be able to manipulate gravity?	What is your opinion about death penalty?	How do you feel about the death penalty?	How does analytical science work?	How does analytical science works?	How do I stop caring about what people think about me?	Should I ever care what people think of me?	What are the best affiliate programs?	What is the best affiliate program?	Which is the best laptop in range of 40000 to 50000?	Which is the best laptop under Rs 50000?	What is the definition of Truth?	What is your definition of truth?	Why do Indians think a lot about what others think?	Why are Indians worried about what others think?	Is it possible for an individual to find a hidden talent within?	What are the ways to find the hidden talent in me?	Why is Pokémon GO so popular?	What makes Pokémon GO so popular?	Why does Quora site named by that name?	Why was Quora named "Quora"?	Which is the best way to master C programming?	How can I master in C language?	Do donald trump or hilary Clinton would win?	Whom do you expect to become the next president of the USA: hillary Clinton or Donald Trump and why?	What is genetic algorithm?	What is a genetic algorithm?	How do I score good marks ANTHE?	How do I clear ANTHE?	How can I speak English like natives?	How can I be a native English speaker?	How can I pass a drug test for meth in two days?	How do I get meth out of my system in 2 days?	How do you come back from massive failure?	How do I come back from failure?	Sleep Habits: What is the least amount of hours of sleep do I need in a working week?	What is the absolute bare minimum amount of sleep you need in order to stay healthy?	How can one overcome porn addiction?	How do I get over my porn addiction?	Why do other political parties of India oppose demonetization?	Why so many political leaders are opposing demonetization?	What is President Obama's legacy?	What will President Obama's legacy be?	How can I control my bad feelings and emotions?	How do I control emotions..Like Heart Breaking emotions?	Could Wonder woman defeat Thor?	Who would win in a fight between Wonder Woman and Thor?	How long should I take to lose 10 lbs?	How long does it take to lose 10 pounds on average?	How do I create a blog on Quora?	How do you post blogs on Quora?	How is the prime minister more powerful than the president in India?	What are the powers of prime minister of India?	What does suicidal thought mean?	What are suicidal thoughts?	How do you reset your network settings?	How do I reset my network settings?	How can I see someone's private instagram account?	How do I view someone's private Instagram pictures?	How does banning 500 and 1000 rupee notes help to control black money?	Would demonetization of 500 and 1000 rupee notes actually help in curbing black money in India?	What are some useful iPhone apps? Why are these apps useful?	What are the most useful iPhone apps?	Why is Google Chrome so slow? How can I fix it?	How do you fix Google Chrome when it is slow?	What is the differencr b/w fiscal policy and monetary policy?	What is the difference between fiscal and monetary policy?	How can I get traffic on website?	How can I increase traffic to my site and what are some suggestions on how to get more of it?	What do you think about Chinese people?	What do you think of Chinese pople?	How can I hack someone's Instagram?	How do you get in someone's Instagram?	How long does meth say in your urine?	How long does crystal meth stay in your system?	Which are the least explored places in the world?	What is the least explored place in the world?	What is the way to get dribbble invite?	What is the easiest way to get a Dribbble invite?	Who was William de Burgh? Is he related to Edmund Burke the English politician?	Who was William de Burgh?	Why is Russia improving relations with Israel so much in 2016?	Why is Russia and Israel improving relations with each other so much as of 2016?	How introducing 2000 Rs notes which is of higher denomination than the current highest denomination 1000 Rs notes will reduce the black money?	How effective is scrapping 500 and 1000 rupee notes? Will it reduce black money?	What are the differences between Darwin's Theory and Lamarck's Theory?	What are the similarities between Darwin's Theory and Lamarck's Theory?	Why are you a Muslim and how did you come to Islam?	What made you convert to Islam?	How would you use the word "wring" in a sentence?	How is the word "wring" used in a sentence?	How do I get started with codeforces?	How do I start using Codeforces?	Can I see who viewed my videos on Instagram?	How do I see who viewed my instagram videos?	How do I increase our height after 21?	Is there any possibility to increase height after 21?	Which is the best Smartphone under INR 15000 ?	Which phone is best to buy under 15000?	What do you think about the Modi's sudden decision to scrap 500 and 1000 rs denomination?	Is Modi's decision on demonetization of 500 and 1000 notes welcomed by public?	What are some of the best smartphones technology gadgets?	What are some of the best mobile technology gadgets?	Did Ancient India ever conquer other civilizations? Why?	Has india ever invaded another country?	What is best techniques to do Off Page Seo?	What are the best techniques used in Off Page SEO?	Does weight training reduce height?	How likely is it to reduce the growth of height due to weight lifting exercises?	How Quora had an impact on your life?	Has Quora had any impact on your life?	How would you differentiate between descriptive and traditional grammar?	What is the difference between descriptive and prescriptive grammar?	What's your new year resolution for 2017?	What will be your New Year's resolution for 2017?	How can I develop my reading skills?	How do I develop reading skill?	What is Balaji Viswanathan's opinion on the Indian Prime Minister Modi's new policy about illegalization of 500 and 1000 currency notes?	What do you think about Modi's new policy on the ban of Rs 500 and Rs 1000 notes?	Is it possible for someone with chronic mental illness or a personality disorder to become a good psychologist?	Can I still become a psychologist even if I have a mental illness and a personality disorder?	Can I use Jio sim in my 3G mobile?	How do I use Jio in 3G phones?	How do I reduce weight rapidly?	How can I lose weight quickly?	What are the best books for upsc civil services prelims?	What are the best books for UPSC?	What are some of the most useful vim shortcuts?	What are some of the most useful Vim shortcuts you use?	How can I lose weight through diet and healthy eating?	Can a person lose weight by only dieting?	What will Barack Obama do next after he finishes his presidency?	What is Barack Obama going to do after his presidency and why?	Which is the best english grammar book to study for competitive exams?	Which is best English grammar book for competition exam?	What are the books that should be read by everyone?	Which books are worth reading?	What are the differences between BI tools and analytics tools?	What is the difference between Business Analytics and Business Intelligence?	Why does the caste system persist in India?	Why caste system still stay in India? D?	What is your favorite cocktail?	What is your favorite cocktail drink?	How can you incorporate beans in a low carb diet?	How can beans affect a low-carb diet?	What is the worst thing that has happened to you for being nice?	What is the worst thing ever happened to you for being nice?	What are the books that have influenced you the most?	Which book has influenced YOU the most?	What are some of the best Hindi poems?	What are the best Hindi poems?	Is now a good or bad time to buy/sell property in London?	Is it right time to buy house in london?	What does "Home country" mean to you?	What does "home country" mean to every one?	What will be the effect of demonetization on Pagdi properties in Mumbai?	What will be the effect of demonetization on the Pagdi properties in Mumbai?	The best way for weight loss?	What is the best way to be in a calorie deficit and lose weight successfully?	How is Stalingrad called today?	What is Stalingrad called today? How did the city change with its name?	How can I know if my wife is a virgin?	How do I know if my wife was virgin till I fucked?	Where is the weirdest place you've had sex?	Where or what is the strangest place you have ever had sex?	How should I loose weight?	How can I lose post marriage weight?	How should a young person invest his/her time and money?	How should a young person invest money?	Is architecture a science or an art?	What make architecture an art?	What are the games played in casino?	What are the kinds of games you usually play in casino?	What is your average day like and what do you do?	Philosophy of Everyday Life: What's your average day like?	Who's your favourite anime character?	What's your favorite anime character?	Which is the best engineering college for aerospace in India?	Which are best aerospace engineer college in India?	How can I build a web development portfolio?	What's the best way to build a web development portfolio?	Can we find f***buddies in Delhi?	Where can I find fuck buddies in Delhi?	Is a world war going to happen?	How imminent is World War three?	How can an introvert convert into Extrovert?	How do I stop being an introvert and become an extrovert?	How do I earn money online?	What is an easy way make money online?	How can you effectively lose 35 pounds in 3 months?	What are some great exercises to promote weight loss and end up losing 40 pounds in 3 months?	Would an atheist get in trouble for publically acknowledging their atheism in your country?	What would happen if I say that I'm an atheist in your country?	Is Donald Trump purposefully tanking the election?	Is Hillary Clinton secretly paying Donald Trump to throw the election?	How can I find a title sponsor for my college tech fest?	How do I approach a sponsor for a college fest?	Who makes the final decision on which questions and answers are in the Quora Weekly Digest?	How does Quora decide on which answers to send on Quora Digest?	What the best zoo in England for children?	What is the best zoo in England?	What is a choroid? What functions does it have?	What are the functions of the choroids?	What is the best places to learn Arabic language in Mumbai?	Which is the best place to learn Arabic in Mumbai?	What does it feel to be Batman?	What is it like to be Batman?	What are some things I should know in life?	What are some must know things in this life?	How can I substitute cream cheese for mascarpone cheese in a recipe?	Can cream cheese be substituted for mascarpone?	What are some best examples of Presence of mind?	What are some examples of common sense or presence of mind?	Do You Think Gay Marriages or Homosexuality Should Be Legal In India?	Should homosexuality be decriminalised in India?	Where is the wildest place you ever had sex?	What is the craziest place where you have had sex?	What are the top courses on digital marketing?	What are the best online courses for digital marketing?	How can I start a company quickly?	How would I start my own company business?	If I unfriend someone on Snapchat can I still see saved messages that we saved?	If I unfriend someone on Snapchat can they still see saved messages that they saved?	Is it possible to date Russians girls in NYC?	Is it possible to date a Russian woman in NYC?	What is your new year resolution for 2017 or goal for 2017?	What is your 2017 New Year’s resolution?	What did make you realize you aren't young anymore?	What reminds you that you are not young anymore?	Do animals other than humans suicide?	What animals knowingly commit suicide?	What are cultural boundaries? What are some examples?	What are some examples of cultural boundaries?	What's the future of Julian Assange?	What will be the future of Julian Assange (WikiLeaks founder)?	Which is the best college for Journalism?	What is the best college for journalism?	What can I do if my Asus zenphone 2 works without any command?	What can I do if my Asus zenphone 2 works itself without any command?	How did Donald Trump win the presidency?	Why did American people elect Donald Trump as their president?	Why doesn't Quora allow emojis?	Why does Quora not have Emoji's?	How will US fed rate hike affect INDIA?	What are the affects of fed rate hikes on India?	What books should entrepreneurs read on entrepreneurship?	Which are some of the books entrepreneurs must read?	Who will win the 2016 presidential election?	Between Trump and Clinton who will win US presidential election?	What is the easy way to make money online?	How do you make money online?	How important should sex be in a relationship?	How important is sex in a successful relationship?	How can I start an e-commerce business?	How do I start an e-commerce company?	How does shareit app transfers data packets on same network?	How does SHAREit or any other data transfer app work? Does it use mobile data to transfer files?	How do I pass a meth drug test?	Does exercise help pass meth drug test?	How can I see who my boyfriend views on instagram?	Can you see who viewed your Instagram?	How good is Malazan Book of the Fallen series?	Should I start reading Malazan Book of the fallen?	What should one do to prepare for having anal sex?	What preparations should be made prior to anal sex?	Can long distance relationships work out?	How do I cope with a long distance relationship?	What are some unofficial perks of being an IAS/IPS officer?	What are the perks of being an IAS officer?	What is my puk code?	How do I find the PUK code my LG TacFone?	Is Indian Constitution too flexible?	How is the indian constitution flexible?	How did military tactics work during the Seven Years War and Napoleonic Wars?	What were some brilliant military strategies and tactics used during the Napoleonic wars?	What's the best smartphone I can get under rs. 15000?	What are the best smartphones under 15000?	What can be the most insane ways to commit suicide?	What is a sure way to commit suicide?	How shall I get rid of hair fall?	What should I do to stop hair fall?	Who would Hillary Clinton and Donald Trump choose as their running mates?	Who will Hillary Clinton and Donald Trump pick as their running mates?	How do you view the Indian government's decision to fight "black money" by scrapping 500 rupee and 1000 rupee notes?	What do you think of the decision by the Indian Government to replace 1000 notes with 2000 notes?	Why do we feel sleepy while studying?	Why do I feel sleepy while studying?	What is the difference between "at" and "on" in the following sentences?	What is the difference between the following sentences with "to" and "for"?	How can I master the Sanskrit language?	How do I mater Sanskrit language?	Can a person be in love with two persons at a same time?	İs it possible to be in love with 2 people at the same time?	Why is immortality scientifically impossible?	Is immortality theoretically possible?	How do you cope with anxiety?	How do I cope with extreme anxiety?	What were the weaknesses of the Articles of Confederation? What were the strengths?	What were the strengths and weaknesses of the Articles of Confederation?	What's the best strategy for betting on sports?	What is the best strategy for sport gambling?	Who was Karl Marx?	Who is Karl Marx?	How do I learn spoken English?	I want to improve my English?	Did William Shakespeare write anything other than plays?	What other types of writing did Shakespeare do besides plays?	How do I get a boyfriend?	How do I get a boyfriend here?	Which is the best institute for CAT in chennai?	What is the best institute for CAT preparation in chennai?	What would it be like if someone had an IQ of 1000+?	What abilities could someone have with an IQ of 1000?	How is your Jet Black iPhone 7 holding up against scratches?	How does the jet black iPhone 7 look after gathering some wear?	What do the different IQ scores mean?	What do the scores on a classic IQ test mean?	How do I become an entreprenuer?	What does it take to be an entreprenuer?	Why did Modi ban 500 and 1000 rupees notes and not 100 rupee notes?	Why did GOI demobilise 500 and 1000 rupee notes?	What is your favorite movies of all times?	What are some great movies to watch?	How would I increase my height aftr 18?	How do I increase height at age of 16?	What is market research? And what is its importance?	What is the importance of market research?	What does it mean when no one answers most of my questions?	Why is no one giving me an answer to my questions?	What is Hillary Clinton’s stance on high skilled immigration?	What is Hillary Clinton's plan to fix the immigration system for high skilled immigrants?	What are graduation and post graduation courses related to spirituality and art of living?	What are graduation or post graduation courses related to spirituality or art of living?	Do women like to give blow jobs?	Do women enjoy giving blow jobs?	What is your biggest regret for not doing something?	What's your biggest regret during your past years?	Is it harmful to cook in aluminium utensils?	Is it harmful to cook or eat in aluminium utensils?	What is your favorite website most people don't know about?	What are the best websites that most people don't know?	What's that one thing that comes to your mind as soon as you think about your mother?	What's that one thing that comes to your mind when you think about your mother?	How long will it take for India to become a cashless economy?	Can India become cashless?	On Quora how do I change the generic blue profile pic to a photo I want?	How can I change my profile picture on Quora?	What is current state of Uttar Pradesh Governed by  Akhilesh Yadav?	What is the condition of Akhilesh Yadav governed Uttar Pradesh?	What's the difference between Classical Latin and Medieval Latin?	What are the differences between classical and medieval Latin?	What are few SMEs in Los Angeles that have recently adopted technology?	What are some SMEs in Los Angeles that have recently adopted technology?	What you have learned from life so far?	What lessons have you learned from life?	Why is India performing bad in Olympics?	What is the reason behind India's bad performance in Olympics?	What is the meaning of af?	What's the meaning of AF?	What are some good songs for a song lyric prank?	What are some good lyric prank songs to send your best friends?	Why does the Obama administration use the term ISIL while everyone else (including the terrorists themselves) use IS or ISIS?	Why does Obama say ISIL instead of ISIS?	What are the best arguments against feminism?	What are the best anti-feminism critiques of Feminism?	How do I add long details to my Quora question?	How do I write more details in a Quora question?	How do you climb the corporate ladder?	How do I climb the corporate ladder?	What arguments support the existence of free will?	What arguments support the existence for free will?	What Is your New year resolutions in 2017?	What's your New Year resolutions for 2017 and what will you do to accomplish your goal?	What has been your best sexual experience?	What have been your best sexual experiences?	What are some mind-blowing facts about Area 51?	What is the real truth about Area 51?	How should I get rid of addiction?	What should I do to get rid of addictions?	What makes a semiconductor direct or indirect band gap material?	What is the difference between direct and indirect band gap semiconductor?	What's your New Year's resolution for 2017?	Do you have any New Years resolutions for 2017?	How do I recover a deleted email on Gmail?	How do I recover emails that I deleted forever in Gmail?	How does one live?	How can I live?	How should one improve one's presence of mind?	How can I increase my presence of mind?	Can someone survive a shot to the head?	Can you survive a shot in the head?	I forgot my Gmail password and I can't answer the Gmail recovery questions. What can I do?	How do I reset my password to Gmail without my recovery information?	What are the first physical signs of aging?	What are the first signs of getting old?	How do I lose weight ayurvedically?	How can I lose weight safely?	Does Tesla Autopilot stop working when my hands aren’t on the steering wheel?	How does Tesla auto pilot know my hands are on the steering wheel?	The FBI assassinated national figures using losers as coverups: so was John Lennon shot by them because he was bad for the war business?	Were John Lennon and Rachel Carson-"Silent Spring" assassinated by the FBI, like JFK and MLK because they were Bad for Business?	Why is talking about my fetish online easier? =[	Why am I more comfortable talking about my fetish online?	Which are the best books to prepare for IIT JAM Physics examination?	What are the best books to prepare for the IIT JAM physics exam?	What are the best horror movies on Netflix right now?	What are the best horror movies on Netflix?	How can I permanently delete my question from Quora? Can deleting the profile help?	How do I delete my question from Quora?	How do I get rid of my belly fat?	What are ways to lose belly fat?	What are some ways to cheer up a depressed person?	Is it possible to cheer up someone who is clinically depressed?	What is a recognized institute to learn German in Mumbai?	What are the best places for learning German in Mumbai?	How do I knit?	How can I learn how to knit?	Who clicked the first ever selfie and when?	Who captured the first selfie of the world?	Is Thomas Edison State College nationally accredited?	Is Thomas Edison State College accredited?	How should I invest 1000?	How do I invest 1000$?	What is your favorite sports?	What are your favorite sports?	Why are Uggs so popular?	Why are Ugg boots so popular?	Why doesn't Kejriwal just focus on his work rather than wasting time on ego clashes?	Why does Kejriwal makes such type of statements against our Honorable PM ? Should He not focus on his work more rather than making such statements ?	Is it possible to crossbreed a cat and a dog?	Is it possible for a dog and a cat to mate? Why are they able to and why not?	Why can't we make a time machine?	Can we create a time machine?	What were four of the most important causes of WW1?	What were some of the most important causes behind WW1?	Does the Big Bang infinitely repeat itself?	What if the big bang keeps repeating itself and has been repeating for ever?	What do you think of the decision by the Indian Government to demonetize 500 and 1000 rupee notes?	What are your views on demonetization of 500 and 1000 rupee notes by the Modi Government?	What was the most unnecessary character in Dilwale and why?	What's the most annoying and unnecessary character in Dilwale and why?	Are the MARCOS better than the Navy SEALs?	How are Indian Navy MARCOS in comparison to U.S Navy Seal?	What is the best way to teach kids programming?	What are good ways to teach 12-year-old child programming?	What is the salary of a professor in KIIT?	What is the salary of professors at KiiT?	How could I improve my English pronunciation?	How can I improve my spoken English ability?	How long ago were cameras invented?	When were cameras invented? How were they invented?	Why don't we eat turkey eggs?	Why do we in North America commonly not eat turkey eggs?	How do you deal with failure?	How do I deal with failures?	Which is the best photo editing software?	What is the best photo editing software or app?	What are some sweet sixteen party ideas?	What are some good themes for sweet sixteen parties?	Is the Bud Lite a gluten free beverage? Why is it considered "light"?	How do you determine the gluten content of a Bud Light?	After the U.S. dropped a nuclear bomb on Japan why did Japan fight back?	When Japan got hit with the atomic bomb why didn't they fight back?	What should be my resolution for 2017?	What are some of your New Year's resolutions for 2017?	How do I become a good problem solver?	How does someone become a better problem solver?	How do I improve my digestion?	How can we improve our digestion?	Who was responsible for WW1?	Who started WW1?	What is the best strip club in Vegas?	What are the best strip clubs in Las Vegas?	How do I tie dye a shirt?	What are the best ways to tie dye a dress?	How do you choose a real estate agent?	How do you choose a professional Real Estate Agent?	What is daily life like for someone with paranoid schizophrenia?	What is it like to live with paranoid schizophrenia?	What does this blue symbol mean?	What does this blue symbol on Quora resembles to?	What do you think is the key to a healthy relationship with another person?	What is the key for a healthy relationship?	Difference between while loop and do while loop?	What is difference between a while loop and a do while loop?	What is cost of living in Pune for a single person?	What is cost of living in pune for single?	What is the incentive to join ISIS?	Why did you join ISIS?	I’d like to appear for CAT 2017. How can I start preparing from scratch?	How do I prepare for CAT from scratch? Which books should I follow for different sections?	Why does Hillary call herself a feminist but pays her female staff less than the men?	Why does Hillary Clinton claim to be so feminist and yet pay your women staff less than men?	What is better to read books or coaching material? 2?	What is better to read books or coaching material?	How do I wear red and yellow without looking head to toe?	How would I wear red and yellow without looking head to toe?	What is the funniest thing your kid has said?	What are some of the funniest things your kids have said?	Where can I get list of stylish collection of designer floor tiles in Sydney?	Where can I found very durable and easy to clean floor tiles in Sydney?	How does a vacuum cleaner work?	How do vacuum cleaners work?	How do you learn to fly when they're broken?	But how do you learn to fly when they're broken?	What are the best ways to keep a long distance love relationship happy?	How can I maintain my long distance relationship to the best of my ability?	How do I contribute to frontend development projects on github as a beginner?	What knowledge is required to contribute to Github projects?	Why is Donald Trump not racist?	Why do some people consider Donald Trump Jam racist?	Why do people have really good ideas in the shower?	Why do we get bright ideas when we are taking a shower?	What are the best websites to read well written articles?	What are the some good websites for reading articles?	How can a newbie get involved in data science and machine learning?	How does one start Data Science career?	What's your New Year's resolution for 2017?	What are some meaningful new year resolutions for 2017?	What are some of the best ways to learn math?	What is the best way to learn math? How can I learn math more effectively?	Should India join CPEC? How would it benefit India?	Should India join the CPEC?	How can I join the Politics (BJP)?	How can I join BJP?	What do you think of the decision by the Indian Government to demonetize 500 and 1000 rupee notes?	What do you think will be the effect of Modi Government's decision of invalidating the RS 500 and RS 1000 notes?	Should India ban "Made In China" products?	Can India ban Chinese manufactured goods?	What is the scope of mechanical engineering around world?	What is the scope of Mechanical Engineering?	Is it a good time to buy a house in London?	Is now a good or bad time to buy/sell property in London?	How can I get rid of the fat on my stomach?	How can I get rid of chub around my stomach area?	Do you think the hype around Pokemon go is overrated?	Do you consider Pokemon go an overrated game?	What is the best book for core Java for beginners?	What is the best book for learning Java for beginner?	Why did India sign the Indus Water Treaty?	Why did India signed Indus water treaty?	What is the role of a software engineer?	What is the role of a software engineer in the development of a country?	What is the difference between the positive and non-positive displacement pump?	What does positive displacement and non positive displacement mean in case of pumps?	What are some low maintenance dog breeds?	What are some good low maintenance dog breeds for busy families?	How did you learn to speak English?	How I can speak English with fluency?	Can I attend the Illuminati ball if I'm Catholic?	Should I attend The Illuminati Ball if I'm religious?	Can you legally download movie trailers?	Can I legally download a movie trailer?	How do I make money with YouTube?	How can I make money with YouTube videos?	What jobs can I get with a major in business administration?	What jobs can I get with a bachelors in business administration?	How do I remove dead skin from my feet?	How can I get dead skin off of my 12 year old's feet?	What is the best way to start a new life?	What should I do to start new life?	How do I talk to the new girl at school?	How do I talk to a new girl at school?	Why do people like to be so anonymous on Quora?	Why do some people are anonymous at Quora?	Which are best places to visit in GOA during vacations?	What are the best places to visit in Goa in 2 days?	Is there a way to develop photographic memory?	How do I develop a photographic memory?	Is there any way to Get Free Coins for Pokemon Go?	How do I get free Pokemon go coins?	How can one prepare for the TOEFL?	What is the best way to prepare for taking the TOEFL?	How long can I get permanent resident in Norway?	How can I get permanent residence permit of Norway?	Who would win a war out of the United States and Russia?	Is it possible to win a nuclear war between the US and Russia?	How can I loose weight in a week?	How can I lose weight quickly?	What is your greatest accomplishment?	What is your greatest accomplishment to date?	Which server side language is best for web development and why?	Which language is best for developing an website?	How is it that people hate Hillary Clinton?	Why does everyone hate Hillary Clinton so much?	What kinds of questions can be asked on Quora?	What kind of Questions should be asked on Quora?	How do I let go of someone I love deeply?	How do I let go of someone I'm in love with?	What is best position for sex?	What is the best position for sex?	Where I can buy Xanax with no prescription?	Is Xanax available without prescription?	What are some of the best jokes ever told?	What is the best hilarious joke you have ever heard?	Which is the best programming language for a beginner to learn?	What programming languages should be learned to become best programmer?	What's the most embarrassing moment you've ever had?	What are the most embarassing moment in life?	What are the best books for the beginners to learn Java?	What are the best books to learn Java?	What do you mean by rave party?	What is rave party?	Is there any jobs after complete my diploma in mechanical engineering?	What jobs will I get after completing diploma in mechanical engineering?	Which countries have the track record of having invaded Philippines and committed atrocities to Philippines people in the past 200 years history?	Which countries once invaded Philippines and committed atrocities to Philippine people in the past 200 years history?	Which is the best state within India and why?	Which is best state in India?	Why does Quora say that my question needs improvement when I wasn't even the one who asked it?	Why does Quora send me a notification that my question may need editing when I’m not the one who asked the question?	How will the ban on 500 and 1000 rupee notes effect land/house rates?	What will be impact of 500 / 1000 notes ban on real estate?	What are some amazing pictures?	What are some amazing pics?	Why World War III are inevitable?	Are we getting closer to world war 3?	Which is your favourite film in 2016?	Which are some of the best movies of 2016?	Daniel Ek: What are the hardships for Spotify to be launched in India?	Why doesn't Spotify work in India?	What is best computer for programming?	What is the best computer for programming?	"How to make money?"	How could I make money now?	How is the life of Electronics Engineering student at DSCE?	How is the life of an ece student at dayananda sagar college of engineering?	What is the most remarkable photo you have ever taken using your mobile phone?	What are the best photos taken by phone?	What are the differences between Canada and the USA?	What is the difference between Canada and USA?	What is IP address?	What is an IP address in a laymans language?	How do you respond to a 'Hmm' conversation?	How does one respond to a "hmm"?	What is the best thing that has ever happened to you?	What is the most interesting thing that happened to you?	How can I make money via YouTube?	How do people earn money from YouTube?	What is the best way to buy oil?	How do I buy oil?	What's the most embarrassing moment of your life?	What was the most embarrassing moment of yours?	What is the most interesting fact that most people don't know about?	What are some interesting facts that you don't know but I should?	What are the best interview questions which needs a great presence of mind?	What are the best interview questions that required presence of mind to answer or which are the best interview you came across?	What is craziest thing you have ever done?	What is the craziest thing you have ever done? And why did you do it?	Why do the government of India discontinued 1000 Rs notes?	What are the reasons why eradication of 1000 rs and 500 rs notes?	What is the difference between keyword and identifier?	Difference between identifier and keyword?	How does it feel like to receive tenure?	What does it feel like to get tenure?	What are monocot plants and what are some examples of them?	What are some examples of monocot plants? What are some dicot plants?	What is the best way to restore a Dell Inspiron 530 to factory settings?	How can I factory restore the settings on a Dell laptop?	What is the easiest language to learn (except English) and what is the best and fastest way to learn it?	What is the best and fastest way to learn English?	Is Mahatma Gandhi a British agent?	Was Mahatma Gandhi a British agent?	What are your New Year's resolutions?	What will be your New Year's resolution for 2017?	How do you plan to reform education in the United States?	How could the U.S. reform its education system?	Where does the energy from photons affected by the expansion of the universe go?	Since the expansion of space redshifts photons (making them less energized) where does the energy go?	If universe expansion create more gravitational dark and vacuum energy without limit?	If universe is expanding without a limit and dark and vacuum energy are created as it expands?	How can I improve reading comprehension passages?	How do I improve reading comprehension passages?	Was Chérif Kouachi in the Paris murder spree a cautionary tale of releasing terrorists?	Was Chérif Kouachi in the Paris murder spree a cautionary tale of releasing terrorists from confinement?	What is the QuickBooks support phone number?	How QuickBooks Proavisor Tech support Phone Number is Prominent for getting Solutions?	What is the quickest possible way to lose weight?	What is the best way to lose calories fast?	What's the definition of a sociopath?	What is the definition of sociopathic?	Are there any other good communities like Quora?	What are some other sites like Quora?	Why is Saltwater taffy candy imported in Australia?	Why is Saltwater Taffy candy imported in Jamaica?	What is your best birthday story?	What is your best birthday experience?	How do I forget a girl I have feelings for?	How do I forget the girl I am in love with?	How can we make the world a better place?	How can we make the world a better place for all and for the future generation to come?	Why is a negative number multiplied by a negative number a positive number?	Why does multiplication of two negative numbers produce a positive number?	Is it true all Muslims hate Modi?	Why do most of Indian Muslims hate/against PM Modi?	What's the best way to get sleep?	How do I get some sleep?	Who is 'they' in Interestellar?	Who are the 'they' in the movie Interstellar?	What are the business opportunities Brexit will create?	What new business opportunities will arise as a result of Brexit?	How to get percentage between two numbers?	How do I find a percentage of two numbers?	How would you solve the South China Sea territorial disputes?	How can the territorial disputes over the South China Sea be resolved?	What are some of the best WhatsApp jokes?	Which is the best WhatsApp forward you have seen?	Which is the best way to scale up a business?	What is the best way to scale my business?	What is the best Swipe keyboard for Android?	Which is the best swipe keyboard available for Android's that is free and lite?	Can I file a police complaint against Flipkart?	How do I file complaint against Flipkart?	How do you factory reset a Toshiba laptop? How can this be done without a disk?	What are some ways of restoring a Toshiba laptop to factory settings?	What is the importance behind recycling paper?	What is the importance recycling paper?	What is best way to learn English speaking?	What is the best way of improving spoken English?	How could I make video like YouTube channel myvideospromo?	How do I make animation like YouTube channel mypromovideos?	Which is the best food to gain weight?	What food should I eat to gain weight?	How can I get really good at deducing things like Sherlock Holmes?	How do I learn to observe people like Sherlock Holmes?	What are some good places to visit in Kerala on tour?	What are the best 10 places to visit in Kerala including any falls?	How is life in prison?	What is prison life like?	Dave Consiglio who are you?	Who is Dave Consiglio?	What can I do to improve my chances of getting into an Ivy League school?	How can I improve my chances of being accepted into an Ivy League school?	Can we give answers in Hindi on Quora?	Can I get my answers In hindi language?	What are tracer rounds? Are they legal for the public to possess in the state of Georgia?	What are tracer rounds? Are they legal for the public to possess in the state of Arizona?	What are the qualities of a good mother?	What is a good mother?	What are the bugs you have found on Quora?	What are some bugs that you have encountered on Quora?	Will there be another war between Pakistan and India?	Will there be any war between India and Pakistan?	How do I prepare for the GK section in CDS?	How should I prepare the GK section for CDS?	How do I start writing research papers independently?	How can I start writing a research paper?	What is the best way to get over social media addiction?	How do I break my social media addiction?	Which are the most profitable Indian startups?	What are the most profitable Indian startups?	What is the tips to become a successful freelancer?	What are some tips to become a successful freelancer?	What are the major lines of longitude and latitude? What purpose do they serve?	What are some important lines of longitude and latitude?	What kind of secret you can't share with anyone else?	Secrets: What is that one secret that you can never share with anyone?	What is the best gift you have recieved from someone?	What is the best gift that you ever recieved?	What is the meaning of love?	What is the true meaning of love?	What's the best security app for an Android phone and why?	What is the best security app for Android?	Why is Saltwater Taffy candy imported in Mexico?	Why is Saltwater Taffy candy imported in Portugal?	How should I increase my g.k?	How should I increase my g.k.?	What will be the effects of demonitizing 500 and 1000 rupees notes in Indian economy?	What is the use of banning 500 and 1000 rupee notes and introducing new 500 and 2000 rupee notes?	How do you thank God "fully"?	How can we thank God?	How do I start a business? Where can I get a funding in India if I have a really good idea?	How do I get funding for my web based startup idea?	How do I know my girlfriend in a long distance is cheating on me?	How do I know if my girlfriend is cheating on me in a long distance relationship?	What is your favorite Star Wars film?	Which is the best Star Wars movie and why?	What is the symbolism of thumb rings?	What is the significance or symbolism of a thumb ring?	What is the best way to prepare steak?	What is the best way to cook steak?	How do I insert an image in an answer or question details on Quora?	How can I add photos to my question in Quora?	What is the weirdest website you have seen?	Which are the weirdest websites on the internet?	Will Trump lose Wisconsin's electoral votes if Wisconsin does not submit its recount in time?	Will Wisconsin’s votes be voided if it doesn't finish its recount in time?	How can i meditate?	What is the best way to meditate?	Between Trump and Clinton who will win US presidential election?	Who will win the Election? Trump or Clinton?	How will Trump’s presidency affect international students in the US?	Will the Trump factor affect the admission of international students in the USA?	Why does the caste system still exist in India?	Why does the caste system persist in India?	What is your first impression of China?	What is your first impression on China?	What will be the impact of the step taken to ban the 500 & 1000 rupee note on Indian economy?	How is banning 500 and 1000 INR going to help Indian economy?	When does love turn into obsession?	When does Blind Love become obsession?	How do I start learning guitar?	How do you start learning guitar?	What is best way for earning money?	What's the best way to make fast cash?	Which is the best anime to watch?	What are some of the best animated movies?	Why my question is marked as needing improvements?	Do people see questions that are marked as needing improvement?	What is a typical day for Software engineer at Google India?	What is a typical day in the life as a software engineer in Google India (Hyderabad or Bangalore)?	How would be the life of President Obama after his presidency term end?	How will President Obama spend his life after the presidency?	Why men shave their pubic hairs?	Why do guys shave their pubic hair?	What is electro plating?	What is electro plating with an example?	Learning how to sing better?	What should I do to sing better?	Why are Muslims prohibited to eat pork?	Why do Muslims not eat pork?	Do we need smaller states?	Should India have more states?	How do people cope with anxiety?	How do you cope with social anxiety?	Are we really in the matrix?	Are we in the matrix?	Has anyone died and come back to life?	Has anyone died and come back to life? how true is this?	What causes an adult to develop adult-onset food allergies to certain foods they have been eating their whole life?	Why do some people develop food allergies later in life?	What should I do if I have diarrhea?	What should I do if I've got diarrhea?	Which is the best audio book app for Android?	What is the best audio book app for Android?	What would happen if there was a nuclear explosion on the moon?	What would a nuclear explosion look like on the moon?	Which movies are the best in 2016?	What is the best latest movie?	What is the best decision you' ve ever made?	What is the best decision you made in your life?	What has been your most embarrassing moment from childhood?	What was the most embarrassing moment in your childhood?	How can I make $100 as a teen online quick?	What is the fastest way to make $100 online?	What are some extremely early signs of pregnancy?	What are some tell tale signs of pregnancy?	Should people over 87 not be allowed to vote?	Should people over 90 not be allowed to vote?	How do I know when I get my first period?	How can I know when I just had my first period?	Did Saddam Hussein and Osama bin Laden collaborate in the 9/11 attacks?	How were Saddam Hussein and Osama Bin Laden involved in the 9/11 attacks?	What percent of people in the world believe the earth is flat?	How many people in the world genuinely believe the earth is flat?	How we start preparation for IAS?	How should I start IAS preparation after graduation?	How did Albus Dumbledore get the elder wand?	How did Dumbledore gain the most powerful wand?	How do purified and distilled water differ?	How are purified water and distilled water different?	How do our brains function?	How do brains function?	Why temperature decrease when elevation increases from mean sea level?	Why does temperature decrease with increase in altitude?	Which bank is small business friendly?	Which banks are small business friendly with an international reach?	Why do people ask questions on Quora that can easily be answered by Google?	Why do so many people ask things on Quora that they could just as easily Google?	What are some of the best Coursera courses?	What are the best coursera courses?	Why there is no caste based reservation for backwards in Indian Armed forces?	Why not there is caste reservation policy in Indian Armed Forces even though it is adopted in every state police?	What does it feel like to smoke a cigarette or weed?	What is it like to smoke marijuana?	What are some good Indian TV series that you can watch?	Which is the best Indian TV series yet?	How do I lose weight without stopping?	How do I lose weight without quitting?	Who is the best website builder?	What is the best online website builder to create a new web page for a business?	Do mainland Chinese use Quora?	Do Chinese people use Quora?	How one can learn web design?	What are some great references to learn web design?	Why does Quora say your question needs improvement when it (obviously in God's own sight) doesn't need it?	Why does my question need to be improved and how to improve it?	How does one build a website from scratch?	How can I make a website from scratch?	How large typically is the entourage that accompanies the U.S. President on foreign trips?	How large is the U.S presidents entourage when traveling to a foreign country?	What is the best marketing automation tool for small and mid-size companies?	What is the best marketing automation tool for small and mid-sized companies?	What are some bizarre super powers that comic characters have?	What are some of the weirdest super powers in comics?	What is the last thing you want to do before you die?	What is the one thing you'd like to do before dying?	Is the iPad mini 2 still a good Tablet?	Should I prefer the iPad mini 2 or another tablet?	Which is the best smartphone within 15k?	What is the best phone I can get for below 15k?	How easy is it for someone to learn Java programming with no prior knowledge of programming?	Is Java easy to learn for a beginner?	What are light made of?	What is light made up of?	Do the new notes in India need the GPS chip?	Will the new Rs 2000 notes carry a nano GPS chip? Will it really Help?	What is anthropic principle in simple terms?	Who wrote the anthropic principle and what is it about?	What are the best ways to study more effectively?	What are some tricks to study effectively?	Can you help me get a lot more followers on Instagram?	How do I get 5k followers on Instagram?	How do I become mature?	How could I become mature and have a stable mind?	How can I get rid of a cough and scratchy throat fast?	How can I get rid of a cough fast?	What is the best and easiest way of committing suicide?	What is the easiest and quickest way to commit suicide?	What are your New Years resolutions for 2017?	What is your resolution for 2017?	What is the best question and answer platform?	What is the best question and answer platform? Why?	Where can I learn to sing online?	How/where can I learn to sing online?	Who are the best neurologists doctor in Delhi?	Who are some of the best neurologists in Delhi?	How do Facebook victims sue for loss of earnings?	How do Facebook victims sue for losses?	How do I reduce belly fat that I had since young?	How can I reduce my Belly and tummy fat?	Where can I get necessary legal advice and services in Sydney for property transaction?	Where can I get professional advice for buying and selling a property in Sydney?	How can a foreigner get permanent resident permit in US?	What is the easiest way to get a green card in the US?	I’d like to appear for CAT 2017. How can I start preparing from scratch?	How do I start CAT preparation from scratch?	Does India finance terrorism in Afghanistan against Pakistan?	Why does India sponsor terrorism in Afghanistan and Pakistan through RAW?	Which is the best IFB microwave oven service center in Hyderabad?	Which is the best IFB microwave oven repair center in Hyderabad?	How do I do my eyeshadow with slightly hooded lids?	What eyeshadow works best with hooded lids?	What are the safety precautions on handling shotguns proposed by the NRA in Michigan?	What are the safety precautions on handling shotguns proposed by the NRA in California?	What do you do when you don't know what to do?	What I do when i don't know what to do?	Can India become cashless?	Can India be cashless?	What would be required for Gary Johnson to win?	Does Gary Johnson stand a chance in the 2016 election?	How similar are Philippine President Rodrigo Duterte and U.S. presidential candidate Donald Trump?	Is it accurate to describe Philippine presidential candidate Rodrigo Duterte as "the Filipino Donald Trump"?	Why do dogs urinate mostly on car and bike tyres.?	Why do dogs urinate on tree or vehicle tyres?	Will trump win as president?	Is Donald Trump going to be the next US President?	How do I update my Straight Talk phone?	How do you upgrade a Straight Talk phone?	Which is a better choice: a MacBook Pro 2016 or 2015?	Should I buy the new MacBook pro 2016 or the MacBook pro 2015?	Will Jio sim work in my moto x play?	Does Jio SIM works in Motorola?	How do you backup photos on iPhone but delete them from the device?	I need to clear off a computer. The photos on it are already in iCloud. Will deleting them off the computer also delete them from icloud?	Are there any good horror movies in 2016?	What are some horror movies of 2016 worth watching?	What do you think of the 2016 US presidential election?	What do you think about the 2016 US Presidential election?	How do you build a website?	How can I build website?	How can I start learning Swedish?	What books/lessons are recommended for learning Swedish?	What is the difference between engineering and technology?	What is different between Engineering and technology?	How do I keep environment clean?	How do we keeping the environment clean?	How do I become more social around people?	How do I become more social?	If you shoot me between the eyes with a 50AE Desert Eagle with 300grain HP! How much Precent chance do I have to survive serieusly?	Why is the chance to survive a shot between eyes with a 300grain HP .50AE Desert Eagle almost nonexistent?	What should I do to earn money online?	What is make money online?	What are free electrons?	What is free electron?	What are the best exercises to burn belly fat?	What is the best way to reduce belly and arm fat?	Can you describe the best moment or the best day in your life?	What is the Best Day of your life till date?	How do I get dog urine odor out of my carpet?	How can I get rid of dog urine smell in carpets?	How do I deal with cyberbullying?	How do I deal with a cyberbully?	What is the deposit?	What is a deposit?	Daniel Ek: When is Spotify coming to india?	Daniel Ek: Why hasn't Spotify come to India yet? When is it launching in India?	Which is the best bike in Royal Enfield series?	Which is the best motor bike in the Royal Enfield series?	What are some good romantic short stories?	What are some of the best short love stories?	Can I make calls in reliance Jio sim from a 3g phone?	Can I use Reliance Jio sim in 3G phones?	How would I make easy money?	How do I make easy money?	Why Americans Think Hillary is a Qualified President?	Is Hillary Clinton qualified to be President?	I am in first year. In which direction should I start my preparation to clear for IAS exam?	How should I start my preparation for IAS as an engineering student?	Are we Indians spending too much money in marriages?	Why do people spend so much money on weddings in India?	How will India be affected now that 500 and 1000 rupee notes have been banned?	How will the ban of 1000 and 500 rupee notes affect the Indian economy?	What is the best video repair tool?	What are some good video repair tools?	Which is the best business below 10 lakhs?	What is the best business with 10 Lakhs investment?	Which phone is better iPhone or android?	What is better: iPhone or Android?	Why are there very few men fighting for men's rights?	Why are men so oblivious to how much they need to fight for men's rights?	How is Brijmohan Agrawal working as a fishery minister in Chhattisgarh?	How is Brijmohan Agrawal Execute as a fishery minister in Chhattisgarh?	What's your opinion about the decision on removal of 500 and 1000 rupees currency notes?	What is your opinion on the discontinuation of 500 and 1000 rupee notes?	What is the best treatment for Generalized Anxiety Disorder?	What are the best ways to deal with generalized anxiety disorder?	How are steel prices fluctuated in the last 10 months in India?	How steel prices fluctuated in last 10 months at India?	How can I really come out of stress after my boyfriend broke up with me? I'm trying but what should I do when I think of him?	How can I come out of break up? My boyfriend broke up and it's heart wrenching.I need quick remedies.How can I concentrate and move on?	Why do all of my questions on Quora need improvement?	Can Quora quote the improvements needed in the questions when it is marked as 'Needing Improvement'?	Does the Supreme Court have the power to revoke Government of India’s (Narendra modi’s) decision to ban 500 and 1000 denomination bank notes?	Can the decision of PM Modi to ban the use of currency notes of 500 and 1000 Rs denomination be challenged in court?	Is there any way to retrieve deleted Facebook message?	How do I read deleted Facebook messages?	How long can light travel?	How long can a light travel?	Do female Quorans get more followers and upvotes than male Quorans?	Why do generally girls have more followers in Quora than boys have?	What is the difference between dream and fantasy?	What is the difference between a dream and a fantasy?	What are some of the best comedy TV series?	What is the best comedy TV serial/series?	How can I return order on yepme?	How can I cancel my order on Yepme?	Who should be the next President of The United States?	Who will be the president of usa?	Who did you vote for in the 2016 election? Why?	Who did you vote for in the 2016 Presidential Election?	Who are angel investors?	What is Angel investor?	How can I increase website traffic?	How do I increase traffic on my site?	What next after India's surgical strike?	What will be repercussion of India's surgical strike to Pakistan?	What are some luxury resorts near Jaipur?	Which are the best luxury hotel/resorts in Jaipur?	How can I recover my hacked Instagram account?	How can I get my hacked Instagram account?	How can someone become rich?	How do I become rich?	What is the easiest way to earn money using internet?	How can I earn money online from home only?	How do you build a PC?	How do you build your first PC?	Which is better: Marshmallow or lollipop?	What is preferred between Marshmallow and Lollipop?	What are the best tips to live in a hostel?	What are the tips to enjoy in a hostel?	What are egg rolls made of? How do you make egg rolls?	How do you make an egg roll?	Is it better to do MBA just after Btech?	Is it better to do MBA just after Btech or after some after work experience?	What is a book that you can read over and over?	What books have you read continuously over your lifetime because they are that good?	What do you think about the Modi's sudden decision to scrap 500 and 1000 rs denomination?	What do you think about Modi government banning 500 & 1000 currency note from 9th November?	What do you think about Rashtriya Swayamsevak Sangh?	What are your views about Rashtriya Swayamsevak Sangh (R.S.S)?	How ca n I improve my communication skill?	How do I improve my communication skills.?	Why didn't Iron Man Die when Captain America put his shield in Starks's reactor during civil war (movie)?	Why Captain America didn't kill Iron Man at the ebd of Civil War?	How can you keep a conversation interesting?	How do I keep conversation interesting?	What are some of the best hacking softwares?	What are the best hacking softwares?	Why did Quora change its font?	Why did Quora change the fonts?	How different are the Azeri and Turkish languages?	Why are Azeri and Turkish considered different languages?	What is my purpose in life? Why is there life on Earth?	What is the GRAND purpose of life?	How can sociopaths be helped?	Can sociopaths be helped?	What are some mindblowing facts about Steve Jobs?	What are some mind blowing facts about Steve Jobs?	What are the best books available for data structures and algorithms?	Which is the best book to learn data structures and algorithms?	What are some ways to delete yourself from the internet?	How do you remove yourself from the Internet?	How can I start hacking from scratch?	Where/how do I start to learning hacking as a newbie?	What keeps Airbus A320 landing gear Main Wheel Doors safe from ground impact damage after Landing Gear free fall extension?	Why airbus A320 landing gear Main Wheel doors do not damage during touchdown after landing gear free fall extension?	What is the best way to invest money in stocks in India?	How do I invest money in the stock markets of India?	Can I increase my IQ?	What can I do to increase my IQ?	Are horoscopes true?	Are horoscopes legitimate? Do they ever come true?	Extraterrestrial Life: What is the most undeniable evidence of UFO ever seen?	What is the most convincing evidence for extraterrestrial life/UFO's found on Earth?	How can you change your caste?	Is there any method to change caste?	Will life get better eventually?	Does life get better as you age?	Are there any societies in history that were secular/Atheistic?	Were there any ancient societies that were primarily atheist?	How can I control my anxiety and worries?	How do I control anxiety?	What are the tools to track social media traffic?	What are some ways to track social media traffic?	How can I get appointed to the Trump Adminstration?	How can I get a job with the Trump Administration?	How can I cure my hormonal acne?	Is there any treatment for acne?	How do people get depressed?	Why do people get depressed?	What are the places to be visited in goa?	What are the best places to visit in Goa?	What are your favorite quotes or sayings?	What are some of your favorite quotes and why?	How do you know if your crush likes you back?	How do you know your crush has a crush on you or not?	How can I increase the organic search traffic to my site?	How can I increase a new website organic search traffic?	How can my website increase my employability?	Will my website increase my employability?	How did Donald trump win?	Why did Donald Trump win the election?	I am in first year. In which direction should I start my preparation to clear for IAS exam?	How do I start preparation for IAS?	How did Donald Trump become president?	How did Donald Trump win the election?	How do I get the best deals for a cruise?	How can I get the absolute best deal on a cruise?	Is the modern prison industrial complex similar to slave institutions of the South before the U.S. Civil War?	Are the prison and banking institutions in America similar to the slave institutions before the U.S. Civil War?	How online shopping is better than offline shopping?	Is online shopping better than offline shopping?	How do I become conscious of my studies in college life?	How do I study in college life?	Who was the youngest pregnant girl?	Who is the youngest mother in the world?	How do I improve my reading understanding in english?	How do I improve my reading comprehension in English more efficiently?	Are there any mathematical proofs to the existence of aliens?	Is there any proof of the existence of aliens? Has anyone seen aliens?	Why do we forget what happens in our dreams the following morning?	Why we often forget our dreams?	Why can't we get rid of Caste System?	Why can't Indian society get rid of its caste hierarchy?	What should I do when I am past caring about my job?	What should I do when I am past caring about your job?	How many hours of deep sleep needed per day?	How much hours should we sleep daily?	What should I do to get things done alone?	How can one get things done?	What are advantages of BITS over IIT and vice versa?	Why would someone choose BITS Pilani over IIT?	Has Ancient Babylon been scientifically tested?	Has Ancient Japan been scientifically tested?	Is it possible to clear CA final In 3 months?	Who has passed CA final in 3 months?	What are the solutions for solving the present currency crunch in India?	What solutions do you recommend for people innocently affected by currency crunch after currency ban in India?	How do I get pregnant faster?	What can I do to get pregnant faster?	How do you know if you're in love?	How do you know when it is true love?	What is the best spell in Harry Potter?	Which is the best harry potter spell?	What is the funniest movie to watch?	What's the funniest movie ever made?	How do I fall asleep instantly?	What are good ideas to help fall asleep quickly?	How can I understand machine learning?	What is the best way to get started with Machine Learning?	How will Indian GDP be affected from banning 500 and 1000 rupees notes?	How will the ban on Rs 500 and 1000 notes impact the Indian economy?	What are the benefits of ban on 500 and 1000 rupees note?	Will the scraping of 500 and 1000 rupees have negative effect on Indias's economy?	What is the best comedy TV series?	What are the best comedy TV Shows of up until 2016?	Can we see stars in space with the human eye?	Do astronauts see stars in space?	Can your phone get a virus?	How does a cell phone get a virus?	How important is a liberal arts education?	What is the importance of liberal arts education?	What is the intermediate value theorem? What are some examples?	What is the intermediate value theorem? How do you find it?	What is one thing from your past you consider a big mistake and want to change? Why?	If you could change one thing about the past what would it be? Why?	How do start preparation for IAS?	How should I start my preparation for IAS as an engineering student?	FOX against Clinton?	Is Fox News biased against Hillary Clinton?	What is the best website for freelancing?	What is the best freelance page?	Where can I find a hacker?	Where can I hire an email hacker?	Quora: Can one ask serious questions with a 150-character limit on their length?	Why does Quora limit question length?	Why do majority of indians alienate themselves from the world by not learning english?	Why are majority of Indians poor in English?	Why are buses so tall?	Why are buses tall?	Is God white?	Is god black or white?	What is the difference between school life and college life?	What are some interesting differences between school life and college life?	I forgot my Gmail username and have no access to my recovery phone number. How can I re-access my Gmail account?	I made a Gmail account on an Android phone but I forgot the password. What should I do to recover my password?	How can I start in Information Security?	How can I get started to learn information security?	What were the most important causes and effects of the fall of the Roman Empire?	What are the reasons for the collapse of Roman Empire?	How do I reduce belly and chest fat?	How do I reduce my belly fat easily?	How do green cheek conures differ from sun conure?	How are green cheek conures and sun conures alike?	How can I keep myself awake during boring lectures?	How can I prevent myself from zoning out during lectures?	What are the advantages and disadvantages respectively for UK and U.S. to intervene other countries?	What are the advantages and disadvantages respectively for U.S. and UK to intervene other countries?	What is it like to be a child of a pornstar?	How does it feel to be a child of a pornstar?	How do astronauts shower in space?	How do astronauts bathe in space?	What songs make you cry?	Which songs always makes you cry?	What are some of the most annoying Quora bugs?	What's the most annoying Quora bug?	How do I write blue letters in Instagram bio?	How do people write in blue big words?	What are some push and pull factors?	What are the pull and push factors?	Maybe a bit of levity in this campaign. Does Trump really say "bigly" or "big league"?	Is Trump saying "bigly" or "big league"?	What should I do to get more traffic on my blog?	How do I attract more visitors to my blog?	How can I remove my account from Quora?	How do I delete my account from this site?	What is the best way to cook stir fry vegetables?	What is a way to cook stir fried vegetables?	What's the best way to break up with someone?	How do I get him to break up with me?	What are some ways to become a good teacher?	How do I become a good teacher/tutor?	What is your reaction about the ban on Rs. 500 and Rs. 1000 notes? Won't it create a chaos and harm the economy?	What do you think about Modi's new policy on the ban of Rs 500 and Rs 1000 notes?	What are some of the best comedy TV series?	Which are the best comedy TV Series to watch?	Daniel Ek: Why hasn't Spotify come to India yet? When is it launching in India?	Daniel Ek: When is Spotify coming to India?	Why did LinkedIn go public (IPO) in 2011?	Will LinkedIn go public (IPO) in 2011?	There is this cute girl in my class. How do I talk to her?	How do I talk to a girl in class?	How can I specifically improve my English?	How could I be fluent in English?	What do most Americans (from the US) think of Indians?	What do americans think of indians?	Can pure mathematics be considered a branch of philosophy?	Is mathematics a branch of philosophy?	What are the most mind-blowing facts about Australia?	What are some of the most mind-blowing facts about Australia?	What is the best sex youve ever had?	What was best sex you ever had?	How can I stop worrying about what other people think of me?	What should I do in order not to care about what people think of me?	How does one enter the presence of God?	How do you personally enter the presence of God?	Which is the best place to eat food in a budget (good food too) if you are in Chennai?	Best places to eat in Chennai?	How can I hack my friend's Facebook account?	How do we hack a Facebook account?	What's the most embarrassing moment you've ever had?	What are the embarrassing moment of your life?	What do you think about Modi's new policy on the ban of Rs 500 and Rs 1000 notes?	What do you think about banning 500 and 1000 rupee notes in India?	What are some of the greatest examples of the presence of mind?	What are some examples of common sense or presence of mind?	When will be the end of the world and why?	When will the World really end and how?	When will Quora be banned in China?	Is there any possibility that Quora will be banned from being used in China?	What is the best and fastest way to increase your height?	Which exercise type help you to increase your height?	Why does nobody like Nickelback?	Why don't people like Nickelback?	Which is the best bike in india in all aspects?	Which is the best bike in India for short boys?	Is there any connection between a foot fetish and pedophilia?	Is there any connection between foot fetish and pedophilia?	How can I dramatically improve my grades?	How can I get better grades?	Where do I find a U.S. family office database?	Where can I get a database of U.S. family offices?	Where's a good place to start an acting career?	Where's the best place to start your acting career?	How do I know that she actually loves you?	How do I know if a girl really loves me?	What are the differences between being moral and being ethical?	What is the difference between ethics and moral values?	How do capacitors work practically?	How do capacitors work?	What are some new features in iPhone 7?	What are the new features in iPhone 7?	How do i get myself a girlfriend?	How do you get a girl to like you?	Is premarital sex right or wrong?	Is premarital sex bad?	How do you make money with Quora?	What is the best way to make money on Quora?	What are some ways in which the American culture is different from the Chinese culture?	What are the differences between Chinese and American culture?	Can a lazy person stop being lazy?	How did you stop being lazy?	Is first time sex painful to females?	How can you reduce first time sex pain?	What has been the best movie of 2016?	Which is the best movie 2016?	What do you need to start your own private equity firm?	Could you start a private equity firm in your garage?	Who are your top three favorite Quorans?	Who are some of your favorite Quorans?	What are all time best TV serials of Netflix?	What is the best serial on Netflix?	How it feels to work at Tesla?	What is it like to work at Tesla Motors?	Is it ever too late for someone to learn how to program?	Is it too late to learn programming?	What do you think of the series Ancient Aliens?	Do you believe in what they say in Ancient Aliens?	Who will/should be the next president of India in 2017?	Who will be the President of India in 2017?	Is Hillary Clinton trustworthy?	Why do Democrats consider Hillary Clinton trustworthy?	What is a career after getting a diploma in mechanical engineering?	How is career after a diploma in mechanical engineering?	What songs should I listen to when I hate someone?	What are some good songs to listen to when you hate someone?	What is the civil rights movement?	What was the Civil Rights Movement and its purpose?	Which mobile phone should I buy under Rs.15000?	Which mobile is better under 15k?	What does it feel like to live in a RV or trailer?	What is it like to live in an RV or other (truly) mobile home?	Where can I get dedicated interior and exterior painting services in Sydney?	Where can I get exceptional services for interior and exterior painting in Sydney?	How to regulate emotions?	How do I regulate my emotions?	What exactly is the most important thing in life?	What is most important thing in life? Is it money or relations or status?	When can Manchester United realistically win the Premier League again?	Can Manchester United win the Premier League this season?	How do I reduce weight rapidly?	How do I lose weight fast?	How can I fetch more number of answers for my questions on Quora?	Why is nobody answering my questions in Quora?	Who was the strongest character in Mahabharata?	Who is the strongest character in Mahabharatham?	What do dodo birds taste like?	What did dodo meat taste like?	How can I stop watching porn videos?	What should I do to stop watching porn completely?	Can you lay laminate over laminate?	What would happen if I installed new laminate flooring over existing laminate flooring?	What are the Red Cross' aims?	What are the Red Cross' aims and objectives?	What would have happened if Germany had won WWII?	What would have happened if Nazi Germany won WW2?	Why does it seem like CNN is always slamming Trump?	Is CNN biased against Trump?	Who can the Democrats effectively run against Trump in 2020?	Which Democrat candidates are mostly likely going to run against Trump in 2020?	How do I see who viewed my instagram videos?	How do l see who viewed my videos on Instagram?	Can I earn money online?	How can I earn money online from home only?	When does it make sense to purchase travel insurance?	What are some situations where it definitely makes sense to buy travel insurance?	What is the best way to stretch out jeans?	What is the best way to stretch jeans permanantly?	Is sex that important for life?	How much sex is important in life?	How should you start learning programming?	Where should I start learning to program?	How can you make yourself shorter?	Is there a way to make yourself shorter?	I'm new on Quora. What should I know?	I am new to Quora. What all should I know about it?	How can I expand my IQ?	What shall I do to improve my IQ?	Will banning 500 and 1000 notes can stop the black money?	How will black money and corruption be stopped by banning 500 and 1000 notes?	Can someone yawn or sneeze while he is asleep?	Is it possible to yawn while asleep?	What are the major unanswered questions in Physics?	What are the big open or unanswered questions in Physics?	How do I submit a problem in TopCoder?	Where/how can I submit solution to algorithm problems on TopCoder?	Why do we get dreams in sleep?	Why do we dream when we sleep?	What is the proper diet to gain weight?	What daily diet should I follow to gain weight?	How can you learn faster and effectively?	How can I learn at a higher speed?	Why don't human red blood cells have nuclei?	Why do red blood cells have no nucleus?	How does Donald Trump treat waitstaff?	What makes you qualified to speak about the size of a tip that Donald Trump leaves someone? Did you actually serve as his waitstaff?	Why should I answer in Quora?	What motivates people with technical experience to answer questions on Quora?	Do we have any plain Minecraft war servers?	What are some of the Minecraft war servers?	How difficult is it to move on from being an introvert to being an extrovert?	How can someone change from being introvert to extrovert?	What is a mechanical engineer?	What is mechanical engineer?	Is rock music dead? Can it ever make a comeback?	Is rock music and rock spirit dead?	How do you make your nose smaller?	How can I make my nose smaller?	Can I get rid of back acne?	How to get rid of acne on back and shoulders?	What is Clinton's stand on India?	What are Hillary Clinton's views on relations with India?	How can you hack into somebody's Gmail account?	How can I hack someone's Google account?	What is the worst place to live in india?	Where is the worst place to stay in India?	What would be the best way of studying organic chemistry?	What is the best way to study organic chemistry?	How should one study the NCERT books for UPSC?	How do I study NCERT with book preparations for the UPSC?	How do l see who viewed my videos on Instagram?	How can I see who viewed my video I just posted on Instagram?	What is purpose of life?	What should the purpose of your life?	What are some ways to lose 30 pound in 1 month?	What is it like to lose 30 pounds in one month?	Where is the best US website to buy single malt Scotch online?	What is the best website to buy Single Malt Scotch online?	What do you think about RBI's new move of banning 500 and 1000 notes?	What do you think about banning ₹500 and ₹1000 notes?	What is the most impressive thing a guy has done to you sexually?	What was the most impressive thing that a boy has ever done sexually to you?	How can I get deleted texts on my iPhone?	How do I erase deleted text messages from an iPhone?	Will Roger Federer succeed in winning another Grand Slam?	Will Roger Federer win another Grand Slam?	How does the ban on 500 and 1000 rupee notes helps to identify black money and corruption?	Will banning Rs.500 and Rs.1000 notes help to solve black money and corruption?	How do I find the Quora desk top mode on my PC?	How do I use Quora in desk top mode?	Which is the best Panasonic air conditioner service center in Hyderabad?	Which is the best Panasonic air conditioner repair center in Hyderabad?	What is hollaween ghost walk?	Hollaween ghost walk?	What is a contact force? What are some examples?	What is contact force? What are some examples?	What is the meaning of my life?	What is the meanings of life?	My parents are planning a 3-day trip to Kerala in early October. Can anyone suggest notable places to visit in this short-tour?	What are the best places to visit on a 3-day trip in and around Kerala?	How can I lose weight at age 55?	How should I lose weight?	What is the best gift for my boyfriend on Valentine's Day?	What are the Best Gifts for men on Valentine's day?	How do I get a job in US or CANADA?	Which is the best way to get a job in Canada?	Where can I find scientific studies about near death experiences?	What is the science behind near death experiences?	Does the Indian education system need a reformation?	Should the Indian education system be changed?	How can I stay awake at night?	What are the best ways to stay awake all night?	How do you find a specific user on MeetMe?	How do I find my spouse on meetme?	What is a good university for an MS in MIS?	What are some good universities for MS in MIS?	What are the differences between Soviet and American space shuttles?	What are the differences between the US and Russian space shuttles?	What would a Trump presidency be like?	What would Trump actually be like as president?	Why doesn't Google give any feedback?	Why doesn't Google share interview feedback with the candidate?	Are we near World War 3?	Is World War 3 coming?	Why do so many Americans have such white teeth?	Why do all Americans have such white teeth? Is it related to their habits or because of the race?	What is a typical day of a PhD candidate in computer science like?	What is a typical day of a PhD candidate in computer engineering like?	Which books should I refer to for SSC CGL Tier 2?	Which is the best book to prepare for SSC CGL tier 2 2016?	How do I find goal in life?	How can I find goal of life?	How long does meth stay in a persons blood?	How long meth stay in system?	Where can I found wide variety of ceramic tiles in Sydney?	Where can I found very durable and easy to clean floor tiles in Sydney?	How is Lipton Green Tea related to weight loss?	Why is green tea associated with fat loss?	How could I be fluent in English?	How can I improve in English?	Is it normal if the girl you are going to marry (arranged marriage) does not talk much with you?	Is it normal if the guy you are marrying (arranged marriage) does not talk much with you?	What type of questions are most interesting to answer?	What makes a question interesting to answer?	What will be your new year resolution for 2017 and your plan of execution?	What's your New Year resolutions for 2017 and what will you do to accomplish your goal?	Should we lower the age for voting to 16?	Why should the United States lower the voting age to 16?	What would life be like in 2050?	What will life be like in 2050?	How is black money curbed with the ban of 1000 rupee notes and introducing new 500 and 2000 rupee notes?	Would demonetization of 500 and 1000 rupee notes actually help in curbing black money in India?	What's the reason India fails in Olympics?	Why is India so bad at Olympics?	How should one best prepare for IAS examination?	How do I prepare for the IAS 2017?	Which one is better among KMC Manipal and KMC Mangalore?	What is the difference between KMC Manipal and KMC Mangalore?	Can someone send the code for binary search in strings with sorting in C++?	Can you send the code for binary search in strings with sorting in C++?	How we can know our abilities?	How can I know my abilities?	How much do cam girls typically make annually?	How much do "camgirls" typically make annually?	How do I lose 30 pounds?	What can I do to lose 20 pounds?	How do you know if a person is lying?	How do I know that a person is lying to me?	How do I improve my English with creative writing skills?	How can I upgrade my English Writing skills?	Can psychopaths suffer from addiction?	Can psychopaths have addictions?	How do I increase my breast size?	How can I increase size of breast?	How long would it take me to learn Java?	How long does it take to learn java and how difficult is it for a beginner?	Is banning commercial surrogacy an answer to the exploitation of the surrogates.?	Is banning commercial surrogacy an answer to the exploitation of the surrogates?	Will the real estate price go down in Pune?	Will real estate price in Pune go down in upcoming couple of years?	If dark energy is created with expansion can infinite of it be created?	If vacuum gravitational and dark energy are created as universe expands without limit?	Is aloe vera good for the hair?	How is aloe vera good for hair?	Who invented America?	Who invented America & when?	What is the reality of planet X?	What is Planet X?	What do you think about RBI's new move of banning 500 and 1000 notes?	What do you think of the decision by the Indian government to demonetize 500 and 1000 rupee notes?	What should be done when one feels lonely?	What should one do when one feels lonely?	Is it possible to lose 10 kgs in 30 days?	How do I lose 10 kgs in a month?	Should people over 87 not be allowed to vote?	Should people over 94 not be allowed to vote?	Which plants make oxygen at night?	What are the plants that give oxygen at night?	What are the best digital marketing courses for mid-senior level marketing managers?	What is the best digital marketing course online for a beginner?	Will Donald Trump end up in some conflict of interest problem?	Will Donald Trump end up in some conflict of interest?	How can I increase my concentration and attention in details?	How do I learn to increase my ability to pay attention to detail and increase my focus?	How can someone learn to become an interaction designer?	How should I learn interaction design? Where should I start?	What are some quick and painless ways to kill myself?	What is the most painless and peaceful way to kill yourself?	What was your age when you have your first sex?	At what age did you first have sex? Do you regret it now?	What is 4 times the sum of the real solutions to 4x^4-37x^2+9=0?	What is 4 times the sum of the squares of the real solutions to 4x^4-37x^2+9=0?	How do I forget someone whom l love so much?	How do I forget someone you were deeply in loved?	How do you block someone on Quora?	How do you block people on Quora?	How do I get The Kapil Sharma Show's tickets or passes?	How do I get tickets for The Kapil Sharma Show ?	What's the best coffee?	Which is the best coffee?	What is that one decision that changed your life forever?	What is that one incident in your life that completely changed you?	Is it good to invest in PNB housing finance issue which is in October 25th?	Should I invest in PNB Housing Finance IPO ?	What should every chess player know about the Queen's Gambit Declined?	What should every chess player know about the Queen's Gambit?	What are the latest developments in IT industry?	What are the latest technologies and developments in the IT field?	Why can't I stop obsessing over someone who doesn't like me?	How do I get over my obsession over someone who doesn't even know I exist?	What do you do when you are angry?	What do you do when you're angry? How do you calm down?	What advice would you give to a worthless 19 year old?	What advice would you give to a 19 year old?	How should I start my preparation for civil services exam? Is there any good coaching insti in Mumbai for that?	Which is the good coaching institute in Mumbai for Civil Service Exam preparation?	What is your favorite legendary pokemon and why?	What is your favorite legendary Pokémon and why?	Why Modi is putting a ban on 500 and 1000 notes?	Why did Modi scrap Rs 500 & Rs 1000 notes? And what's the reason for the sudden introduction of the 2000 rupee note?	What is the best way to learn ROS?	How do I learn Ros?	What is the fees structure of private medical colleges for NEET qualified student?	I'm expecting to get qualifying marks in NEET Phase 2.What will be the fee structure of private medical colleges this year?	What the purpose of life on earth?	What's our purpose of life in this world?	Where is the best Daikin service center in Hyderabad?	Which is the best daikin service center in Hyderabad?	What federal branch ruled that the states were unconstitutional?	Were "stop and frisk" policies ruled unconstitutional?	How do I add or change my Quora profile picture?	How do you change your profile picture?	What made Facebook different than the other social networks?	How was Facebook better than the already existing social networking sites when launched? What made it better?	What are some scientific or psychological theories of homosexuality?	Is there a scientific explanation for homosexuality?	What was the best day of your life? What happened?	What was the best day of your life?	What makes one angry?	What is the one thing that makes you most angry?	How we start preparation for IAS?	How shoud I start my preparation for IAS?	Why Modi is putting a ban on 500 and 1000 notes?	Who suggested Narendra Modi to stop the circulation of Rs 500 and Rs 1000 notes?	What is the best programming language to learn in 2016?	Sheryl Sandberg: What is the best programming language to learn in 2016?	Who will win the election TRUMP or CLINTON?	Who do you think will win Trump or Clinton?	Would Reliance Jio 4G data packs be cheaper than other telecom operators forever?	How cheap data plans will Reliance Jio 4G offer?	What is the size or volume of a photon?	What is the size of a photon?	Is heaven a really nice place?	What is heaven like?	Why do people ask questions on Quora while They can get all the answers by Googling?	Why do so many people ask questions on Quora.com when they could easily find the answers themselves online?	What is the purpose of human existence in this vast universe?	Why are we humans created? What is the purpose of human existence?	What was/were the reason/s behind the decline of the Indus Valley civilization?	How did the Harappan and Indus Valley civilizations disappear?	What is the best mobile in India?	What are the best mobiles in India?	How do Hollywood movies make money?	How do movies make money?	How difficult is it to become a billionaire?	Why is it difficult to become a billionaire?	How is Donald Trump a better choice than Hillary Clinton?	Who is better among Hillary Clinton and Donald Trump?	How do you stop a German Shepherd/Golden Retriever mix puppy from chewing your shoes?	How do I stop my puppy from chewing my shoes?	What does it take to become a real historian?	What does it take to be a successful historian?	What are some ways for a 15 year old to lose weight?	What are good ways to lose weight as a 15 year old?	My husband doesn't love me what should I do?	What if my husband doesn't love me?	How do I get to speak fluently English?	How do I speak English fluently in half a year?	How do I get rid of my conscience?	I do not want to have a conscience. How do I get rid of it?	How is Heaven described according the Bible?	What will heaven be like for believers according to the Bible?	Why am I sleepy all the time?	Why am I frequently sleepy?	What are the most efficient methods for me to improve my English?	How can I continue to improve my English?	As a third year btech student what should I do to start preparing for ias exam?	As an engineering 3rd year student what should I start preparing for IAS exam?	What is the best programming language one must learn to stay updated today?	What is the best programming language for learning programming from scratch?	Which is best graphic card under Rs 7000? (in India)	Which is best graphic card under Rs 7000?	I am 30 is it too late to change my career?	Is 30 too old for a career change?	How similar are Hitler and Saddam Hussein in terms of the way they treat their citizens during World War 2 and the Iran-Iraq war?	How similar are Hitler and Saddam Hussein in terms of the way they treat their citizens during World War 2 and during the Iran-Iraq war respectively?	Will the decision to demonetize 500 and 1000 rupee notes help to curb black money?	How is India fighting corruption by scrapping 500 and 1000 rupee notes?	How do I prepare for JEE advanced exam?	How should I prepare for JEE (Advanced)?	Wath is economics?	What is economics?	Why do people drive slow in the fast lane?	Why do people prefer driving in the overtaking lane?	How will Hillary Clinton feel if Donald Trump wins?	How does Hillary Clinton feel about Donald Trump?	What is the best way to study organic chemistry?	How can you learn organic chemistry?	Are all nuclear bombs hoaxes. Is this true?	Are nuclear bombs hoaxes?	What are the best option after completing my B.Tech in mechanical engineering?	I recently joined an IT company after completing my B.Tech in mechanical engineering. How do I excel in my career?	Why aren't cats mentioned in the Bible?	Why aren’t cats mentioned in the Bible?	When did you find the purpose of life?	How and when did you found the purpose of your life?	How can I understand english?	How can I become good at English?	Daniel Ek: When will Spotify be available for Indian customers?	Daniel Ek: When will you launch Spotify in India?	Why do people pray to God even though everything is predestined?	Why do people pray to god even though they know that everything in future is fixed?	Why do bad things seem to happen to good people?	Why do evil things happen to good people?	Can mechanical energy be conserved?	When and how is mechanical energy not conserved?	What are the 5 authentic resources of software engineering (with brief descriptions)?	What are 5 authentic resources of software engineering with brief descriptions?	How can we get a lot of Facebook Likes fast?	How do I get Facebook likes fast?	How was Hitler able to rebuild Germany so quickly?	Why was Hitler so successful in the economic revival of Germany after WWI?	How can we improve our education system?	How can we improve our education system so as to better prepare young people for an uncertain future?	Which laptop for swapping hadr drives?	Which laptop can swap hard drives?	How would I increase my height aftr 18?	How can you increase your height?	Are the jews the human cockroaches?	Why are the jews human-like cockroaches?	How is the life of an IES officer?	What is the lifestyle of an IAS officer?	The nucleus of an atom is found out to have a total mass of nearly 20.088 × 10^-27 kg and a total charge of 9.612 × 10^-19 coloumbs. What is its number of nucleons?	The nucleus of an atom is found out to have a total mass of nearly 20.088 ×10^-27 kg and a total charge of 9.612 × 10^-19 C . What is the number of nucleons?	Why is India still a developing country when other colonized countries like China and Japan are better developed than India?	Why India is still a developing country?	What are the key characteristics of the thrash metal music subgenre?	What are the musical characteristics of the thrash metal subgenre?	What would make artificial light indistinguishable from sunlight?	Is it currently possible to generate artificial light with the exact same properties as sunlight?	What is upcasting and downcasting in Java? Can you explain with a real-world example?	What is upcasting and downcasting in Java?	What is the difference between a training and an internship?	What is the difference between an internship and training?	180*0::2.5.1::4.9*1.9 ^! |! Avg Antivirus Tech Support Customer care Service Number?	Install issues kya karu 1-800-439-2178 AVG Technical Antivirus Support | AVG Antivirus Customer Support Number ?	Who is the topest lover specialist astrologer?	Who is the number one love marriage specialist astrologer?	What are the safety precautions on handling shotguns proposed by the NRA in the entire U.S. including it’s territories and possessions? 2	What are the safety precautions on handling shotguns proposed by the NRA in Wisconsin?	Which U.S. presidential candidate is most likely to lead the US into World War lll?	What presidential candidate is most likely to cause World War III?	Why does Hillary Clinton suck?	Why is Hilary Clinton so hated?	How do I message someone on Facebook who is not a friend?	How can you message someone who is not your friend on Facebook?	My friend says that "the European Union is going down in flames". How much truth is there to this statement?	Will the European Union break down If Great Britain quits?	Which are the best careers for women?	What are the best job paying career for women?	How can I keep ants away from dog food?	How can I keep ants away from cat food?	What are the best strategy games?	What are some of the best strategy games out there?	What are some weird questions you have come across in quora?	Which is the weirdest question you have ever come across on Quora?	What would happen to this country if Trump were elected president?	What will happen if Donald Trump wins the election?	What are the advantages of nuclear energy? What are the disadvantages?	What ser some advantages and disadvantages of Nuclear power?	What will happen to the black money kept in Swiss bank after the demonitization of 1000 and 500 rupee notes?	Will the corrupt politicians still have their black money safe in Swiss Bank even after the scrapping of old Rs 500 and Rs 1000 note?	What are the main components of a computer? How do they work together?	What are some of the main components of a computer? What functions do they serve?	What is one thing about you no one knows about?	What's one thing about you that nobody knows?	Can I download a soft copy of my PAN ?	Taxes in India: Can I download a soft copy of my PAN card?	What is the difference in pronunciation between "role", "roll',"row"?	What is the difference in pronunciation between "role", "roll", and "row"?	What is the black knight satellite?	Does the Black Knight satellite actually exist?	Which is the best QuickBooks error support number?	How can you resolve the problem of accounting software tool by quickbooks technical support number?	How do I get rid of cockroaches in my house?	How to get rid of small cockroaches in a house?	How should I write blog?	How can I start writing blog?	What happens after something is "sucked" into a black hole?	What happens to matter when it enters a black hole?	What should I do to get more traffic on my blog?	How can I drive more traffic to my website?	Who do you admire the most?	Who do you admire most?	What is your opinion on Israel?	What is your opinion of Israel?	What are the places to be visited in Delhi NCR?	What are must-visit places in the Delhi NCR region?	How much Benadryl can I give my dog for allergies? What are the side effects?	Can I give my dog Benadryl for his allergies?	Do we live inside a black hole?	Does our universe exist inside a black hole?	What is your opinion on the discontinuation of 500 and 1000 rupee notes?	What do you think of the decision by the Indian government to demonetize 500 and 1000 rupee notes?	Why are there so many pointless questions on Quora?	Why do some people asked stupid questions on Quora?	How do I differentiate between arrogance and confidence?	How do you differentiate between a person being confident or arrogant?	What is an Average ethnic composition of Sicilians?	What's the average ethnic composition of a Sicilian?	Why does my life suck?	Why does my life suck so bad?	Can you get pregnant one day before ovulation?	Is it possible to get pregnant if a couple is trying just 4 days before her menstrual cycle?	What is a hard disk? What are the functions of a hard disk?	What is a hard disk drive?	Why was my question marked as needing improvement?	Why do my dank questions keep being marked as need improvement?	Why does every women want a bigger penis to have sex?	Do women want bigger penis?	Where can I get an unique taste for cupcakes in Gold Coast?	Where can I buy best quality gourmet cupcakes in Gold Coast?	How do I study for the new PSAT? I am going to take the test in October 2016.	How should I study for my PSAT?	How can I improve website ranking?	How can I improve my website ranking?	What movie website can I watch movies on without credit card information?	How can I watch movies online without a credit card?	What do you think of the move by the govt to scrap 500 & 1000 rupee notes?	What do you think of abolishing 500 and 1000 Rupee Currency notes by the Indian Government?	Is there a single case of a successful long distance relationship?	How are long distance relationships maintained?	How is zero gravity atmosphere for astronauts is created on earth?	How do they train astronauts for zero gravity situations? How can zero gravity be created on Earth?	Can I make money by uploading videos on YouTube (if I have subscribers)?	How can I make money with YouTube videos?	How can we control anger?	What is the best treatment for controlling anger?	Why should we believe in science?	Why should I believe in science?	How do I take a right decision?	How can I always take right decisions?	What are the best option after completing my B.Tech in mechanical engineering?	I'm a mechanical engineering student. What skills should I possess after completing my B.Tech?	What is the worst job experience you ever had?	What is the worst job you have ever had?	What are some mind-blowing iphone technologies that exist that most people don't know about?	What are some mind-blowing iPhone tools that exist that most people don't know about?	What are the easy ways to earn money online?	What is the easy way to make money online?	What should everyone know about nuclear energy?	About nuclear energy?	What is the multiverse? Which are some of the most convincing theories given in support of its existence?	What is the single most convincing tool proving the possible existence of the Multiverse?	What has the Modi government achieved since coming to power?	Are there any changes that you have observed in your vicinity sonce the Modi Government has come into power?	How difficult is to get job in computer vision after having Master's in Computer Vision from well known institute like CMU?	Can I expect good job opportunities after doing just a Masters in Computer Vision (MSCV) from CMU?	What's the first thing people notice about you?	What is the first thing people notice about you?	Is Donald Trump going to do what he promised to do?	Is Donald Trump making campaign promises that he can't realistically keep?	How can I increase English vocabulary?	How can one increase vocabulary?	Can the existence of time machine is possible?	Are time machines possible? How far back can you go?	How can I find what my IQ is?	What or how is an IQ measured?	Do animals commit suicide?	What animals knowingly commit suicide?	Do product ideas get seed fundings?	How should I get my product idea funded if I live in India?	Is it true that masturbation causes acne in men?	Does masturbation causes pimples?	Is diversity a good thing?	What is so good about diversity?	What are the best sites to book a hotel online?	What is the best hotel booking site online?	Why do many gay men sound different? (lisp etc.)	Why do many gay men speak with lisps?	What's the best parenting advice that you can pass?	What's the best parenting advice?	Why Arnab Goswami resigned times now?	Why does Arnab Goswami left Times Now?	What is it like to become successful?	What is it like to be successful?	What is the best way to increase traffic for a new blog?	How can I increase the traffic on a site?	What happens after we die?	What happens if we die?	How can I upload whole folders which contains the daily report of Excel files daily to my Google Drive using Java or Python script?	How can I upload Folders which contains daily report excel files daily to my Google Drive using Java or python script?	What do you think of surgical strike against Pakistan by Indian army?	What does the rest of the world think about the Indian Army's surgical Strike in POK?	What is the salary of the PM of India?	What is the salary of Narendra Modi as PM of India?	What are the best things in Pune?	What are the best things you can do in Pune?	Why do people like religion?	Why are people so very religious?	Do girls dig tall guys?	Do girls prefer tall guys?	Should I Apply for SSC CGL 2016?	How do I crack SSC CGL 2016?	What can I do if I accidentally swallowed bleach?	What should you do if you accidentally swallowed bleach?	Does having a gap year after graduation affect the placement prospects of an IIM student?	Will a gap year after graduation adversely affect my interview at IIMs?	Is it safe to eat Maggi?	Is Maggi safe to eat now?	How do you become the top writer on Quora?	How do people with very few views become Top Writers on Quora?	What are the best ways to lose weight fast?	What is the best way to lose calories fast?	How do I become successful in my life?	How do I get success in life?	Do we live inside a black hole?	What would be the implications if our universe existed within a black hole?	What are the levels of management?	What are the three levels of management?	What is the best book to understand theory of special and general relativity easily and deeply with full mathematical explanation?	Which is the best book for special and general relativity with mathematics?	How does an airplane fly?	How aeroplanes fly?	How do I flow traffic to my website?	How do i get traffic for website?	What is current? V	What is the current?	Have any two satellites ever collided with each other?	Why don't artificial satellites collide with each other?	Which is the best book to know more about lord Shiva?	What are the good books which will help to know about Lord Shiva?	Which country other than your country do you like? Why?	Which country do you love other than your motherland?	What are the characteristics of baroque art?	What are some defining characteristics of the Baroque?	What is the blue screen of death and how can it be fixed?	How do you fix the blue screen of death?	How can we increase our observing power?	How can we increase observation power?	How can I get entry in MIT?	How can I get admitted to MIT?	How do astronauts have a shower?	How do astronauts bathe in space?	Why do I have feelings of fainting during a commercial flight take off?	Why do I have feeling of fainting during commercial plane take off?	How can I get back deleted Instagram messages?	How can I get messages that have been deleted from my dm on Instagram back?	What is the way to overcome the stage fear?	How can I remove stage fear?	What type off music do you listen?	Which music do you like best?	How does an LCD and LED screen work?	How do LCD and LED monitors work?	Which era you wish you have lived in?	What era do you wish you had lived in?	What is the purpose for music?	What's the purpose of music?	How do we recover deleted files on Android?	How do I recover data in Android?	How should I prepare for a campus interview?	How can we prepare for the interview?	How do you improve your data analysis skills on a daily basis?	How do I improve my research analysis and data analysis skills?	What is the best way to prepare for the Putnam Mathematical Competition?	What is the best way to prepare for the Putnam Competition?	What if the earth begin to rotate in the opposite direction of its orbit?	What happens when the earth rotates to the opposite direction?	What are the things that makes Indians happy?	What are the things that make Indians Happy?	What are some messy updos for long hair?	What are some cute messy updos for long hair?	Which are the pillars of the German economy?	What is driving the German economy?	What are the differences between a rock salt and sea salt and how are they both formed?	What are the differences and similarites between rock salt and sea salt?	What is the best short answer for "why should I hire you"?	What are the best answers to "why should I hire you" in bank interview?	Do hamsters eat nuts?	What can hamsters eat besides hamster food?	How do I get an internship in Bangalore?	How do I attend internship in Bangalore?	Is cheating ever acceptable?	Can you ever justify cheating?	How do I can boost my self confidence?	How can I boost my self-esteem?	What is the difference between "Jaya", "Ajaya" and "Vijaya" with regards to the Mahabharata and in general? Is it true that Duryodhana is also called "Ajaya"?	What is the difference between "Jaya", "Ajaya" and "Vijaya" in Sanskrit language?	What are the best ways to write an impressive essay?	Why can't I write good essay?	When was the first bra invented and why?	Who invented the bra?	Do you like Virat Kohli?	Why do you like Virat Kohli?	In how many days can I get a Dubai visa online?	How many days are required to get a Dubai work visa online?	How should I start learning Python?	How do I start learning Python modules?	What is data lake?	What is a data lake?	Why Choose IPS over IAS?	Why should one choose IPS over IAS?	What are the measured steps that should be taken to quit/avoid smoking?	What are the measured steps that should be taken to quit smoking?	What are the best books for learning data structures and algorithms in C++?	How do I learn how to implement algorithms and data structures in C++?	Which attorneys located in New York City are recommended for general tech startup legal work?	Who are the best and/or most frequently used startup and venture attorneys in New York City?	How can I prepare for the IBPS PO 2017?	How do I prepare for IBPS PO 2017?	What's the best way to learn general programming?	What would be the best resources and ways for a 15 year old to learn programming?	How accurately can a smart phone app's users location be detected/tracked?	How can a phone location be traced?	Could this universe be inside a black hole?	Does our universe exist inside a black hole?	How do I initiate a kiss? How do I initiate sex?	What are the best ways to initiate sex?	What are your top 10 favourite movies?	What are your top 10 favourite movies of all time? Why do you like them? Why would you suggest others watch them?	Is time travel to 2010 possible?	Is time travel possible in next 5 years?	How do you earn money on Quora?	Can I earn money on Quora?	Why are people generally so selfish?	What makes people selfish?	How should I control outbursts of emotions?	How do I gain emotional intelligence and control my emotions?	How do I learn German?	How can I learn German language on my own?	What is your motivation in your daily life?	What motivates you in your daily life?	Why does eye color change with age?	Why does people’s eye color change with age?	What's your favourite poem?	Which is your favourite love poem?	What is your view on the move to scrap 500 and 1000 rupee notes? What will be its effects?	How do you see the PM Modi’s move of banning old 500 and 1000 rupee currency notes?	What are your favorite fantasy books?	What are your favorite fantasy novels? Why?	Where can I get my employment history?	How can I get my employment history?	What are the ways that India and Pakistan can develop a peaceful and a good relation?	How can India and Pakistan develop peace in their region?	What are all the Career opportunities in cricket in India?	What are all the cricket based jobs in India?	What is meant by internships?	What is meant by internship?	Where can I find good photography tutorial?	I am an armature photographer. What are the good photography tutorial sites?	What is the role of technology in third party logistics?	What is the objective and method of the role technology in third party logistics services?	How could I gain weight?	How do I gain some healthy weight?	What is the work of a front end developer?	How is work as a front end developer?	Which country has the least crime?	Which country have least crime?	How should I start to prepare upsc from the begining?	How do I prepare for upsc prelim?	What is the best medication for erectile dysfunction?	What is the best medication to treat for erectile dysfunction?	What is best do when you feel bored?	What should I do when im bored?	Did the Indian government ban the 500 Rs & 1000 rupees notes?	Why did the Indian government demonetize the current 500 and 1000 rupee notes and replace them with new notes?	Can u get pregnant the day after your period ends?	How possible is it to get pregnant one day after my 3 day period?	What are the best deals for Black Friday 2016?	What are the best Black Friday deals and discount coupons?	What is the funniest fear you've ever encountered?	What is the funniest fear you know of?	What would be the best Masters program for an actuary?	What are the best universities for masters in actuarial science?	What is the best business to start with 5 lakhs?	What is the best business to start with a capital of 5 lakhs?	Is our PM Modi doing the correct thing with 500 and 1000 Rs notes?	What are your views on PM Modi's decision on discontinuing 500 & 1000 rs notes?	What advice would you give to someone who wish to live no more because of depression?	What advice would you give to someone who is depressed?	What is the perimeter of a rhombus?	What is the perimeter if a rhombus?	Who do you think would win the 2016 USA Election?	Who will win the 2016 presidential election?	What is the best thing you had done in your life until now?	What is the most important thing in your life and why?	Which are the best Android/iOS apps for the preparation of the GATE?	Which is the best app for GATE?	How can I increase traffic to a story blog?	How can I increase the traffic on a site?	What the the best ways to control anger?	What are your best tips to control anger?	What is the most effective way to remove stretch marks?	What's the best cream to remove or minimize old stretch marks?	How can you give dogs Benadryl to calm them down?	Is it safe to give dogs Benadryl? How does the dosage work?	Will the value of Indian rupee increase after the ban of 500 and 1000 rupee notes?	How Indian economy got affected after ban of 500 1000 notes?	What are the best mortgage lenders in the Bay Area?	Who are the best mortgage lenders in the Bay Area?	Is there a difference between "native" mini displayport and just mini displayport on Mac boo air?	Is there a difference between native mini display port and just mini display port on Macbook air?	What should be my study strategy for first year of MBBS?	How should I study first year MBBS?	How would demonetizing 500 and 1000 rupee notes and introducing new 2000 rupee notes help curb black money and corruption?	Would demonetization of 500 and 1000 rupee notes actually help in curbing black money in India?	What is the best feeling that you have ever had in your life?	What was your best feeling in the world?	Which is your favorite documentary and why?	What are your favourite documentaries? Why?	How can I improve my English speaking ability?	How can improve my English speaking?	How can I learn communication skills?	What should I do improve my communication skill?	How do I treat my carpal tunnel syndrome?	What is the carpal tunnel syndrome? How is it treated?	What are the safety precautions on handling shotguns proposed by the NRA in North Carolina?	What are the safety precautions on handling shotguns proposed by the NRA in Utah?	Which countries have large numbers of neo-Nazis?	What is a ranking of what countries have the highest percentage of neo-Nazis?	Why do people always ask each and every silly question on Quora?	Why do people have to ask Quora for questions?	Will be there war between Pakistan and India?	Will there be any war between India and Pakistan?	What are some ways to guarantee a lucid dream?	How can you have a guaranteed lucid dream?	Why do lightening thunder occurs?	Why does thunder come out?	How can I find someone with a picture?	How do I Find a persons real name with a picture?	Is the Bible true? What if it was just like some sort of a diary?	Is the Bible more likely to be true or not true?	What's the difference between Vyvanse and Adderall?	What is the difference between Adderall XR and Vyvanse?	What are procedural programming paradigms?	What is procedural programming?	How I cab use Jio sim in 3G device?	How can Jio work in a 3G phone?	How can I get the funding for my startup without revealing my idea?	How do I get funding for my web based startup idea?	What is the best movie of all time? (In your opinion)	What are the five best movies of all time?	Is Modi the Donald Trump of India?	Are there any similarities in the rise of Narendra Modi in India (2014) and Donald Trump in USA (2016)?	How do I prepare for UGC NET English Literature thoroughly?	What is the best way to prepare for ugc net dec 2015 for english literature?	What is the most innovative app with an innovative idea?	Mobile Applications: What's the most innovative app?	Why do men love boobs (irrespective of big or small)?	Why men love boobs?	Which is the good book to study data structures?	Which is the best book for data structures and algorithms for beginers?	What is your creative New Year's resolution for 2017?	What is your New Year's resolutions for 2017?	Why do serial killers enjoy killing?	Why do serial killers kill?	How much does an IT fresher earn?	How much does a fresher earn in IT?	What is the best website to learn tableau?	What is the best tutorial to learn Tableau?	What is the easy way to make money online?	How can one make money online?	What does a perfect relationship look like?	What should a perfect relationship be like?	What are some best hotel in Jaipur?	What are some of the good hotels in Jaipur?	What should we do after engineering?	What can we do after engineering?	How would demonetizing 500 and 1000 rupee notes and introducing new 2000 rupee notes help curb black money and corruption?	How banning 500 and 1000 rupee can affect black money?	How do I concentrate better in my studies?	How can I concentrate in my daily studies?	What do Albanians feel about Greeks?	What do Albanians think of Greeks?	How could China be a threat to India?	Is China a threat to India?	How close are we to world war?	Are we overdue for a world war?	How can I know that I am in love with a girl?	How do you know if you're unconditionally in love with someone?	What is a serviced apartment?	What is serviced apartment?	How much start up money do I need to start a mass media company?	How much capital do I need to start up a media company?	What is positive thinking and what is not?	What is positive thinking?	What are the best books for preparation of gate exam(me)?	Which are the best books to prepare for the GATE?	What would happen to Earth if enough mass was added to Jupiter to allow it to become a star or sun?	What would happen if the planet Jupiter achieves the required mass to turn into another sun? What would happen to the Earth and the other planets?	What affects the gold price in India?	How is the price of gold determined in India?	What is the best way to commit suicide in India?	What is a sure way to commit suicide?	What is the best way to help a friend who is suffering from depression?	How do I help a friend who is in depression?	What will happen if Pakistan is declared as a terror state?	What would happen to Pakistan if it is declared as a terrorist nation?	What can we do to improve the Indian education system?	How can India revamp its education system?	How can I overcome insomnia?	How can I get rid of insomnia?	What are some of the best movies about patriotism?	What are the best movies depicting patriotism?	How are the biological needs of pilots met on long distance jet fighter missions?	How do fighter jet pilots pee or poop?	What is the best new feature of the iPhone 6?	What are the best features on the iPhone 6?	How do I get meth out of my system in 3 days?	Does milk flush the meth out of your system?	How widely accepted is the holographic principle among today's respected physicists?	Is the holographic principle accepted by physicists?	What does a software support engineer's role?	What is the role of a software support engineer?	What is the best way to avoid business failure?	How can I prevent business failure?	What is frangible ammo good for?	What does frangible ammo do?	Why do we fall in love?	Why do you think people fall in love?	What are the Best friends episodes?	What was the best episode of Friends?	What's your new year 2017 resolution to improve your daily life routine?	What's your New Year resolutions for 2017 and what will you do to accomplish your goal?	What should I do to avoid depression and anxiety?	What should I do to overcome anxiety?	How do I get pink lips not like girls but natural ones?	How do I naturally get pink lips?	What is the origin of the saying "knock on wood"?	What is the origin of "knocking on wood"?	List of all waterfalls in india?	What are the top 5 waterfalls in India?	Where can I learn Sanskrit?	What is the best way to learn Sanskrit?	What are Ten things president Trump will do in the first 100 days?	What is your best guess as to what Donald Trump will attempt to get done in his first 100 days as President?	What do people think of America?	What do people really think about america?	How did our universe come into existence?	How did everything in the universe come to exist?	What are the non-metals in the periodic table?	What are the non-metals in periodic table?	How do I get an online mobile income?	How do I get a mobile income online?	Who is the most popular writer at Quora?	Who are some most followed/popular writer in Quora?	How can green tea help you reduce belly fat?	Does green tea reduce weight? How does it work? How many glasses should we have daily?	Why do people swear? Why can't some stop?	Why do people swear?	What are some of the best ways to gain weight in a healthy way?	What is the best weight gain treatment for gaining weight?	How can I cure vitiligo?	How do I cure vitiligo?	Is tech Mahindra a good company for fresher?	How good is tech Mahindra for freshers?	What are some examples of e=mc2?	What are some good examples of [math]E=mc^2[/math]?	Can a brain transplant be done?	Is brain transplant really possible?	What should I prefer: a job or further study?	What should I prefer job or study?	Do you believe in the individual’s right to own firearms?	Should individuals have the right to own a gun?	How do busy people make time for exercise?	How can a busy person make time for exercise?	How do I lose weight and reduce my waist quickly?	How do I lose weight fast by perfect weight Loss plan?	What are the best things to do in Cancun?	What are some cool things do at Cancun?	Which is best free video editing software?	Which is the free and best video editing software?	Which phone is best to buy under 15k?	Which is the best phone below 15000?	What are the best books for Java beginners?	What are the best java books?	What are examples of naturalistic observation research title?	What is a naturalistic observation? What are examples of naturalistic observation research title?	What are the best sites to download movies from?	What are the best sites for downloading movies?	What are the must places to visit in Kerala (6-7 days)?	Which places should I visit if I am going to Kerala for a week with friends?	How do I improve my speaking?	How can I get better with public speaking?	Why do you wear underwear?	Why do we wear underwear?	Why did Cotton Hill die?	How did Cotton Hill die?	How do people make money through Quora?	Are there people making money on Quora?	How do I get job in IBM?	What are the ways to get a job in IBM?	What should I eat to gain weight?	What is the best weight gain treatment for gaining weight?	Why do some people write with their right hand and some write with their left hand?	Why dose some people writing left hand?	What is a statement sentence? What are some examples?	What are statement sentences? What are some examples?	What are the prophecies of world war 3 and will it actually happen?	How soon is world war III?	What is your new year resolution for 2017 or goal for 2017?	What's your New Year's resolution for 2017?	What are the implications on India for having a long coastline?	How is the long coastline of India advantageous to her?	Why are some babies born with grey eyes?	Why are babies born with grey eyes?	What is an easy way make money online?	What are the easiest ways to make good money using the Internet?	How do I develop my presence of mind?	How do one develop presence of mind?	Which is the best book to understand human nature?	What are the best books to read on human nature?	How do I apply for an internship at Codenation?	How do I get internship at CodeNation?	What is your biggest regret of your life?	What do you think was the biggest mistake of your life?	How much weight can one lose in ome month?	What is the best way to lose weight in a month?	What rank is needed to get CSE at IIT Bombay?	What is the lowest GATE rank with which one could get admission for M.Tech in IIT Bombay for CSE?	Have Ancient Akkadians been scientifically tested?	Have the Ancient Aztecs been scientifically tested?	How good is the book 'Networking & Algorithms for Computer Games' by Jouni Smed & Harri Hakonen?	How is the book 'Networking & Algorithms for Computer Games' by Jouni Smed & Harri Hakonen?	What is a delusional disorder?	What is delusional disorder?	What are the best questioned asked in Quora?	What is the most important question asked on Quora?	Is a world war going to happen?	Are we heading toward World War 3?	Why do guys stare at girls in public?	Why do guys stare at girls?	What would be impact of 500 & 1000 rs ban in India?	What will be the impact of the banning ₹1000 and ₹500 in India?	How do I lose weight without stopping?	How do I lose 5 kg weight within 7 days?	What are examples of animals with vertebrates?	What are some examples of vertebrates?	What is/are your New Year resolutions for 2017?	What are some meaningful new year resolutions for 2017?	Which rifles will Indian army replace INSAS with? Will they still be upgraded version of INSAS? 	Which rifle would you choose to replace the INSAS rifles in the Indian Army?	Do you think scrapping of 500 and 1000 rupee denominations is going to eradicate corruption?	How would demonetizing 500 and 1000 rupee notes and introducing new 2000 rupee notes help curb black money and corruption?	How does green tea helps in weight loss?	What is the correct time to take green tea for weight loss?	How can I lose 30 pounds in 1 month? What are some tips?	What is the best way to lose 30 pounds in 1 month?	What can I do to control my dreams?	Is there a way that I can control my dreams?	Is it possible to lose weight without doing exercise?	How can I loose weight naturally without exercise?	How can I be productive while stuck in traffic?	What do you do when you are stuck in traffic?	How do I hack clash of Clans without uninstalling?	How can I hack Clash of Clans for unlimited gems?	What is the relationship between variance and standard deviation?	What is the difference between the representation of variance and standard deviation?	What's the most embarrassing moment you've ever had?	What’s the most embarrassing moment of your life so far?	Which is the best freelancing website in India?	Which are the best freelancing sites in India?	Why is India so bad at Olympics?	Why does India perform so poorly at the Olympics?	How do you think the relationship between China and America is?	What do you think of the relationship between China and America?	What are the similarities between monopolistic competition and oligopoly?	What are the similarities between an oligopoly and monopolistic competition?	How can I learn digital marketing?	What is best source for start learning digital marketing?	Why do some people ask simple direct science questions in Quora when there are sufficient resources available in internet?	Why are there so many people using Quora to answer questions that can easily be found with a simple Google search?	Will Tesla Motors ever make electric motorcycles?	Does Tesla have plans to produce electric motorcycles?	What are some must read books about indian army?	Which are the best books to read about the Indian army or the Indian defence forces?	How do I get Work permit in germany?	How do I get a work permit for Germany?	How can I increase the traffic on my blog (www.midnightexpressions.wordpress.com)?	How can I increase the traffic on my website without investing?	What are the best ways to plan for the future?	How do I plan my future?	Can China devalue the yuan forever?	Why did the People's Bank of China devalue China's currency (the yuan/renminbi)?	How can I control my lust?	How can I overcome lust?	How I can ask question on Quora?	How do I post something on Quora?	What's your most awkward moment?	What's the most akward moment you ever had?	Where is the best place to get online SAP HANA training?	What are the best SAP HANA online training programs?	How will Trump or Clinton presidency affect foreign students?	How will a Trump presidency affect the students presently in US or planning to study in US?	Why do so many people ask questions on Quora that can be found in a Google search?	Do people post questions in Quora just so that they can skip searching in Google for a few minutes?	What are the best TV series all around the world in 2014?	What were the best TV series of 2014?	How do I apologise to my mother?	How can I apologise to my mother?	What happened during the Holocaust?	What is the Holocaust?	Why is philosophy in education important?	What is the importance of philosophy in education?	What is the "plot" of a book?	What is a plot for a book?	How should I prepare inorganic chemistry for AIPMT?	How do I master Inorganic chemistry for AIPMT?	Can we time travel anyhow?	Could time travel be possible?	Is it possible to get out of the friend zone?	How do I get out of the friend zone with a girl?	Which city is the best in india?	What are the best cities in india?	How do crop circles form?	Why did crop circles start appearing?	How would I dress in a workout gear like it's the year 1990 if I'm a guy?	How do I dress like a workout guy from the year 1990 in the summer?	What do I need to start my own cafe?	What all do you need if you wish to start a cafe?	Why can't I decide on a career path?	How do I decide on a career path?	Which is a better choice: a MacBook Pro 2016 or 2015?	Should I buy the new MacBook 2016 or one from 2015?	Which order should I watch Marvel movies in?	In what order should I watch the Marvel Cinematic Universe?	What makes India sad?	What makes Indians sad?	How can we learn faster?	How do I learn with a minimal amount of time?	How do I escape from depression without going to therapists?	How do I overcome from depression without getting help from anyone?	Which books are recommend for the CA IPCC?	What are the Best books for preparing to CA IPCC?	Would demonetization of 500 and 1000 rupee notes actually help in curbing black money in India?	How will demonetization of 500 and 1000 rupee notes stop corruption?	What are the major differences between Chinese culture and western cultures?	What are the biggest differences between Chinese culture and western culture?	Do women like threesomes?	How do women feel about threesomes?	How do I can improve my problem-solving skills?	How Can I improve problem solving?	How many states are there in Pakistan?	How many states are in Pakistan?	How much exercise is too much exercise?	How much exercise is too much?	What are some proven ways to reduce and manage stress?	What is your favorite way to reduce stress?	What should I do to reduce weight?	How do I actually lose weight?	How do I write scripts creatively?	How do I write a script?	What is the best way to practice web development?	How do I practice web development?	Is Vedic astrology real or fake?	Is Vedic astrology real?	Which city is the best in india?	What is best city in India?	Why is Wikipedia now asking for donations?	Is the donation asked for on Wikipedia authentic? What is the reason of asking the readers for donations?	Why was cyrus mistry removed?	What are your views on Cyrus Mistry being removed as Chairperson of Tata Sons?	How did the wave at sporting events originate?	Who invented the wave at sporting events?	What does it feel like to go from physically attractive to unattractive?	Have anyone gone from attractive to unattractive?	How can you lose weight without doing exercises?	How can I lose weight fast without exercise?	What are the best psychological thriller movies of all time?	Which are the top 10 psychological thriller films?	What does it feel like to have no family?	What does it feel to have no family?	Symptom Relief: What are some favorite effective cold remedies?	What are some favorite effective cold remedies?	What are some of the best gaming laptops under rs 60000 that are available in india?	Which is the best gaming laptop under Rs 60000?	What are the safety precautions on handling shotguns proposed by the NRA in the entire U.S. including it’s territories and possessions? 3	What are the safety precautions on handling firearms proposed by the NRA in the entire U.S. including it’s territories and possessions?	What are the top hotels in Varanasi?	What are some good hotels in varanasi?	What is it like to have a midlife crisis?	How does a midlife crisis feel?	Why are some people afraid of clowns?	Why are people afraid of clowns?	What's the fastest way to make a female have an orgasm?	How do you get a female to orgasm?	What is best way to buy new car?	What is the most optimal way to go about buying or leasing a new car?	Why did RBI introduce 2000 rupee notes?	What is the necessity of introducing 2000 rupee notes?	What are the major lines of longitude and latitude? What purpose do they serve?	What are the major lines of longitude?	Is Hillary Clinton qualified to be President?	What are Hillary Clinton’s qualifications to be President?	How did Andy Warhol paint Marilyn Monroe?	How did Andy Warhol "paint" his Marilyn portraits?	Can hamsters eat strawberries?	Do hamsters eat nuts?	What are some books you recommend a 15 year old to read?	What books do you challenge a 15 year old girl to read?	What is the best hotel booking site online?	What is the best site to book a hotel online?	What are common legal expenses for start ups?	What are the legal expenses to properly set up a startup?	What Is Your personality Type And Do You agree With It?	What is my personality type?	Who is the most famous human being ever?	Who is most famous person who ever lived?	What is the best way to learn about stock markets?	What is the best way to learn about investing in the stock market and what stocks to buy?	What are best places to visit in Tirupati?	Which are best places to visit in Tirupati?	Which was the best Bollywood movie of 2016 so far?	Which Bollywood movie you like the most in 2016?	Which is you favorite song in a language other than English? And Why?	What are your favorite non-English language songs?	Why do people use then instead of than?	Why do a lot of people write "then" instead of "than"?	Is the Samsung Galaxy S7 a better upgrade over the iPhone 6S?	Which is better: the iPhone 6S Plus or the Samsung Galaxy S7 Edge?	How can I improve in English?	How do I learn spoken English?	Should we take protein powder before workout or after workout? How does protein powder help your muscle grow?	Should we take protein powder before workout or after workout?	Why do people ask questions on Quora while They can get all the answers by Googling?	Do people post questions in Quora just so that they can skip searching in Google for a few minutes?	What happens when anti matter and matter collides?	What happens if antimatter and matter collide?	How do I get transfer in TCS on my own medical conditions (genuine)?	How do I get a transfer within TCS on own genuine medical conditions?	What is the effect of temperature and pressure on mass diffusivity?	How do temperature and pressure affect diffusion rates?	What are some ways to start a hedge fund?	How do you start your own hedge fund? How do you explain the concept of this business model to prospects who may not know better?	Why do people get addicted to social networking sites?	Why are people addicted to social networking sites?	How can we make the world a better place?	How can I make this world a better place?	Why is Saltwater taffy candy imported in Mongolia?	Why is saltwater Taffy candy imported in Canada?	What is Hillary Clinton's plan to deal with ISIS?	What is Hillary Clinton's strategy to take down ISIS?	Should Hindi be made the national language of India?	When will Hindi be made National Language of India?	What are the top 10 TV series one should genuinely watch?	What TV series do you watch and why?	What are compounds? What are some examples?	What are some examples of compounds?	Which is the best photo editing app ever?	Which is the best photo editing app ever made?	What do you want to accomplish before you die?	What are the things you want to do before you die?	Why would Donald Trump make a good president?	Do you think Donald Trump will make a good U.S. President?	How do I develop my presence of mind?	How should one improve one's presence of mind?	What the best way to improve English?	What are the best ways to improve English?	Will Melisandre bring back Rickon Stark from dead just as she brought Jon Snow?	Why can't Melisandre bring Rickon back?	What's it like being a pharmacist?	What is it like being a pharmacist?	How can I get rid of bumps on nose?	How to get rid of nose bumps?	How could an English learner speak fluently?	How can I take my spoken English to a higher level when I speak good enough but not fluently?	Is PC gaming better than console gaming?	Is PC gaming better?	What is Bernoullis equation?	What is Bernoulli's equation?	Is our government paying the salary of the teachers working in Christian schools?	Who is paying salary for the teachers working in Christian organised schools?	What is the possible way to be happy in personal life?	How can we be happy in life?	Can I study psychology in masters if I do not have undergrad in psychology?	Is it possible to pursue Masters in psychology without having a degree in psychology?	How do I enhance my English writing skills?	How can I enhance my English writing skills?	How do I find the most recent questions on Quora?	How do I find most recently questions asked on Quora?	What are some really good novels?	Which are some good novels?	Which are the best Bollywood movies of 2016?	What is your favorite Bollywood movie in 2016?	How can we control bad feelings?	How can I control my emotions and actions?	Do angel investors invests in early stage startups? Like you have the idea and you want to build your product?	Do angel investors invest just on idea or product? Can I ask them funding for the development of the product?	How do I block the spam referral traffic using Google Analytics filter?	What is the best way to block spam referrals in Google analytics?	Is it normal to talk to my dead boyfriend & mother?	Is it normal to talk to my dead boyfriend?	What is culture value?	What is cultural value?	How do you post a question on Quora?	How do I write a post Quora?	Who is the best band ever?	Who is the greatest band of all time?	What are some mind-boggling facts about rich people?	What are some mind boggling facts about billionaires?	What kinds of technical projects does Sergey Zubkov work on at Morgan Stanley?	What does Sergey Zubkov do exactly at Morgan Stanley?	How do I speak English fluently in half a year?	How can I speak fluent english with confidence?	What does it take to be a top writer on Quora?	What should I do to become a Top Writer on Quora in 2017?	Where can I sell entrepreneur ideas?	How can I sell or pitch my idea?	How do I invest money wisely nowadays?	Where can I learn about how to invest money wisely?	What is a good diet plan for a commuter that wants to gain weight?	What food should I eat to gain weight?	How much chances are there that NASA already knew that there is water on Mars?	How can scientists know if there is water on Mars?	How does Hillary Clinton feel about radical Islam?	What does Hillary Clinton think about radical Islam?	Which city is better between Bengaluru and Hyderabad?	Which is the best city to live in among Bengaluru and Hyderabad?	What are some of the most common examples of metals and non-metals?	What are 10 examples of metals and non-metals?	How I register my mobile no.in sbi?	How do I register my mobile number in SBI?	Can the president replace the vice president when he wants?	Can the President fire the Vice President?	How can I Increase the traffic of my blog?	How do I increase traffic on my site?	What are the best additional courses for mechanical engineers for getting job?	What is the best programs for mechanical engineerings?	When was your first sex experience?	How is your first sex experience?	How do I approach a guy?	How can approach guy I like?	What is the relationship like between Israel and Turkey?	What is the relationship between Israel and Turkey?	What causes depression?	What are the main causes of depression?	What is the best way to open a PHP file?	How do you open a PHP file and what program is required to open it?	Do girls like smart/nerdy/geeky guys?	Do girls like nerdy-looking boys?	How do I recover a lost Gmail password?	How can you recover your Gmail password?	How does tidal locking work?	What is tidal locking?	What is the best way to use my free time?	How can I use my free time?	How much money is sufficient to live a peaceful life?	How much money do we need to live life happily?	What are the steps to becoming a commercial pilot in the United States?	What is the best path to take in becoming a commercial airline pilot in the United States?	What is it like to be the product of an unwanted pregnancy?	What is it like to be an unwanted child?	Why do so may people ask questions on Quora that can easily be found by a simple Google searh?	Why do some people on QUORA ask questions that they can easily findout on Google?	Who is the most versatile but underrated actress in Bollywood?	Who is/was the most underrated actor/actress in Bollywood?	How are Harry Potter and Voldemort related?	Are Harry Potter and Voldemort related?	What is the Eurotunnel like?	What is Eurotunnel like?	Is it possible to be pregnant giving that my monthly period came twice already?	Can I still be pregnant if I had my monthly period twice already?	What is the most democratic country in the world and why?	What are some of the most democratic countries in the world?	What is your favorite quote and your explanation of what it means to you?	What is your favorite quote and your explanation of what it means?	What cause the British empire to lose its countries?	What caused the British empire to loose its countries?	What workout clothes did guys wear in the year 1990?	How would I dress like a workout guy from the year 1990?	How do you self publish a book?	What is the process of publishing a book?	What does a poke mean on Facebook?	What does poking mean on Facebook and how do you poke on Facebook?	What are the treatments available for knee pain?	What are the best treatments available for knee pain?	What is an efficient market?	What is an efficient financial market?	Who according to you is the most corrupt Indian politician ever?	Who is the most corrupt politician in India and why?	Am I supposed to buy iPhone 6s Plus or I should wait for iPhone 7?	Should I wait till 16 september 2016 or buy an iPhone 6s?	What is it like to be an only child and get married to an only child?	Can marrying an only child be difficult to deal with?	What Quora means?	What does Quora mean?	What is it like to be a middle child?	What does it feel like to be a middle child?	Where can I buy a wholesale of clothes online?	Where can I buy wholesale clothing online?	What are biotic and abiotic factors? How do they differ?	What is the relationship between biotic and abiotic factors? What are some examples?	What are the innovative Ideas to curb pollution from Delhi?	How can we help to reduce pollution in Delhi?	What can I do to practice my English?	I want to improve my English?	How do I get rid of dark circles under my eyes only?	How do I get rid of bags under my eyes?	Should I date my friend's ex?	Is it sensible to date your friend's ex?	Where is a good online resource for learning Django quickly?	What are the best online django courses for beginners?	How do I see who viewed my Instagram video?	How can I see who viewed my video I just posted on Instagram?	What are some ideas of a new business with low investment to start in India?	What are some creative and innovative business ideas with less investment in India?	What can one do to control his/her anger?	What should I do for controlling anger?	What is it like to work at Microsoft Research?	Does Microsoft Research take interns? What is it like to work there?	How do I get Organic traffic for my blog site?	How can I increase the organic search traffic to my site?	When/how did you realize you were gay/bisexual? Were you in denial?	How did you realize you were gay?	What is the best travel hacks? Please comment?	What's your best travel hack?	What is the meaning of unit mAh which we use to measure mobile batteries?	What does mAh mean in a mobile battery?	How do I lose my face fat from before puberty?	How do I get rid of excess fat from my face?	What is the easy way to make money online?	What is make money online?	Who was the first Indian traveller to invade central Asia?	Who was the first Indian traveler to invade central Asia?	How corrupt is Vladimir Putin?	Is Vladimir Putin corrupt?	What are some ways to increase typing speed on keyboard?	How can I increase typing speed?	What are some top hollywood movies?	What is your best hollywood movie?	What is the penultimate purpose of life?	What actually is the purpose of life?	How can I find the strength to keep moving forward and stay hopeful?	How do I stay hopeful and keep going?	How can I learn English in 6 months?	How can I improve my english within 6 months? Can I improve my english from books?	What are ways to commit suicide?	What is the cheapest method to commit suicide?	How can I lose fat without doing any aerobic physical activity?	Can you lose weight without exercising?	How do I earn via writing blog?	How can I earn money online by writing blogs?	What are the signs and symptoms of borderline personality disorder?	What are distinct symptoms of borderline personality disorder?	Is WIMPs incorrect? Will wave-particle duality ever be understood to be a particle and its associated wave in the strongly interacting dark matter?	Would Einstein and de Broglie have realized a strongly interacting dark matter is the medium for gravitational and wave-particle duality waves?	Does Law of Attraction really work? If yes what have you gained out of it.	Does law of attraction really works?	What are some good apps to learn piano?	What is the best app to help me learn the piano?	Can an airplane's exit door be opened in mid-flight?	Is it possible for a passenger to open the door of an aircraft mid-flight?	What are the interview questions for a product manager intern position?	What are some interview questions for a product manager intern position?	How do I recover my Facebook password when I'm not receiving any recovery email?	How do I recover my Facebook email and password?	What is aromatic?	Which is aromatic?	How do I reactivate my old Yahoo mail account?	How do you reactivate your Yahoo Mail account?	What's the best programming language to learn in 2016?	What is the best programming language to know?	Which countries can Canada beat in war?	What countries has Canada defeated in war?	How does it feel having sex for the first time?	How did you feel first time sex as a virgin?	Which isomer of pentane is the least compact? How can it be determined?	Which isomer of pentane is most compact? How can it be determined?	What all mathematics do we need for competitive programming?	What topics of math does one need to go through for competitive programming?	Is interface theory of perception by Donald Hoffman true according to neuroscience and evolutionary biology?	Is Donald Hoffman’s interface theory of perception true?	Why is inflation necessary for an economy?	Is moderate inflation good for the economy?	What is the best way to get rid of bad habits?	What are good strategies for getting rid of a bad habit?	What should be done to become an investment banker?	What can I do to become an investment banker?	What is the best computer science book for beginners?	Which are the best computer science books for beginners?	Will Donald Trump or Hillary Clinton win the 2016 US presidential election?	Who do you think would win the 2016 USA Election?	Which is the best c programming book for a beginner?	Which is the best C programming book for a first time reader?	How can I join Indian Air Force after be in mechanical engineering?	Can a boy join the Indian armed forces after a BSc degree?	How will Trump's presidency affect prospective international students from Syria?	What would be the effect of Trump's presidency on international Master's students who plan to work in the US after completing the degree?	Why are oceans salty but the Great Lakes aren't?	Why do oceans have salt water and the great lakes do not?	Can we use pencil for writing on a paper in space?	Can we use pencil in space?	Is there some painless way to suicide?	What is the most painless way to commit suicide?	How can you enlarge your penis?	Is it possible to increase the size of a penis?	What is the most popular sport in China?	What sports are most popular in China?	Did you have an easy or difficult time learning Chinese in the beginning?	Do you find Chinese very difficult to learn?	Does penis size matter for girl or stamina?	Does penis size matter during sex?	Which book is the best for a beginner in Android development?	Which is the best book for Android development beginners?	How can I quickly and easily memorize something?	What is the fastest way to memorize something?	What are the best Kerala honeymoon destination?	Which is the Best Honeymoon Resort in Kerala?	How can feel good about myself and accept the compliments from others?	How do I stop thinking about getting compliments from others?	Which is the best hindi movie in 2016?	Which are the best Bollywood movies in 2016?	Which is better: Uber or Ola? Why?	What is better Uber or Ola? Why?	What is the easiest way to quit meth?	What is the best way to quit meth cold turkey?	Who is the luckiest person in the world?	Who is luckiest man on earth?	Will the 2016 MacBook Pro be released in the September release?	When is the new MacBook Pro rumored to release?	What are some examples of DC current?	What is a dc current? What are some examples?	Where in the atom is the Higgs Boson located?	Where is the Higgs boson located?	How do I earn money in India as a student?	How a student can earn money in India?	What is the colour of the brain?	What is the colour of our brain?	What is importance of career in life?	How is career important in our life?	Why is the Tropic of Capricorn important?	Why do we have the tropic of Capricorn?	What is salary of IBPS PO?	What is the salary of IBPS PO in hand?	Who are the major contributors of air pollution in Delhi?	What was the real cause of air pollution in Delhi?	Why do people ask questions on Quora that could simply be googled?	Why do so many people ask google-able questions on Quora?	Are Jewish men attracted to Black women?	Are white Jewish men attracted to black women?	How do you track cell phone message?	How can you track cell phone messages?	Why is Kim Kardashian famous for nothing?	What has Kim Kardashian done to deserve celebrity status?	What are some ways to start a business?	How can I start my business?	Which is the best laptop below Rs 30000?	I want a new laptop with maximum configuration under 30000?	What is the best place to live in the US?	What are the best places to live in America?	Will it cause any problem if I use Jio sim in my iPhone 5s?	How can I use Jio SIM in iPhone 5s?	Amazon internship interview question?	What are Amazon interview questions?	What are some ways of completely factory resetting your laptop?	What are some ways to do a factory reset on a laptop?	Is it possible to lose weight without doing exercise?	How can you lose weight without doing exercises?	What principle makes the EM drive work?	Does the EM Drive work?	Is college really worth all the stress?	Is going to college really worth it or just a waste of time?	What are the benefits of steaming your face?	What are the benefits of face steaming?	Do Asian newborn babies (Chinese newborns) from different Chinese parents look different?	Do Chinese newborns look different individually to Chinese people?	What is Google Local Guide?	Google Local Guides?	What are the entry level requirements for jobs in Data Science and Machine learning?	What minimum qualification and certifications are needed for an entry level data scientist or machine learning job?	What can I do on python?	What I can do in Python?	Can people actively control their emotions?	How do we control our emotions?	How did you become so good at physics?	How did you become good at physics?	Does an atheist believe in ghosts?	Do atheists believe in ghosts?	Where can I find best five star hotel of Bhopal?	Where can I find a best five star hotel in Bhopal?	How can you stop caring about someone who doesn't care about you?	How do I stop caring for people who don't really care for me?	What ever happened to Mad Cow Disease?	What happened to mad cow disease?	How do I get addmision in MIT?	How can I get admitted to MIT?	How much does it cost to build an basic Android app in India?	How much does it cost to build an Android app in India?	How do you know if you have mononucleosis?	How can I know if I have mononucleosis?	Who is the worst person in the world?	Who is the worst person in the history of the world?	What's the best alternative to SAP?	What are the best alternative to SAP?	Are there any good things about donald trump?	What are some good things about Donald Trump?	What is a hash function?	What is hashing function?	Is it healthy to eat one chicken every day?	Is it healthy to eat instant white oats every day?	Which is your favourite time of the day?	What is your favourite time of day and why?	How do you present final designs to your clients?	How do you present designs to your clients?	Why is soda so bad for you?	Is soda bad for you?	How do I lose 10 kg in 15 days?	I have exactly 15 days to get in shape. My aim is to lose 10 kg. How can I do it?	How many languages need for computer programming and which is the best?	What are the best programming languages for beginners and why?	Why is still India a developing country?	Why India is still a developing country?	What was the best day of your life? What happened?	What was the best day of your life? Why?	What are Bitcoin and Bitcoin mining?	What is the significance of bitcoin mining in bitcoin industry?	Is World War 3 closer than it has ever been?	How likely is World War III in the future?	What are some good photo editing apps for Android?	What are some good photo editing apps for Android and how do they work?	How do I start learning passionate programming from "zero" abilities?	How should you start learning programming?	How painful is death by hanging?	Is death by hanging painful?	How can I succeed in medical school?	What are some tips for a medical student about medical school?	Why are you marking my question as needing improvement?	Why does Quora always mark my questions as needing improvement?	What is debit card?	What exactly a debit card?	What can I do to improve my English speaking?	How can I improve my English Language?	Which are going to be the best computer programming languages in future?	What is the best computer language to learn?	How do I get into cyber security with no background in it?	How do I get started in the cyber security industry?	How can I learn coding at home?	How do I learn coding at home?	What should be my resolution for 2017?	What are your New Years resolutions for 2017?	I'm not musically inclined. How can I easily learn to play the guitar?	What are some ways to learn how to play guitar?	How do I teach someone value of time?	How do you teach a child the value of time and not to procrastinate?	What are some of the best CBSE schools in Chennai?	Which is the best CBSE School in Chennai?	How do you know when you start to fall in love with someone?	How do you know if you're unconditionally in love with someone?	Can someone download a whole playlist from YouTube?	How do I download a whole playlist of 40 videos on YouTube in one go?	What are biotic and abiotic factors? How do they differ?	What are the differences between biotic and abiotic components?	Who will win the 2015 IPL?	Who will win the 2015 Indian Premier League?	How can I burn my fat?	How can one burn off pounds of body fat?	What is the cause of astigmatism?	What is caused by astigmatism?	How do I get free Pokemon go coins?	How do I get free pokecoins?	What lessons have you learned from life?	What did I learn from life?	Would it be possible to go to an alternate Universe?	Is it possible to travel to alternate universe?	What can I do to improve my chances of getting into an Ivy League school?	What can I do to improve my chances of getting into an Ivy League?	How do I become a math genius?	How can I become a math genius?	What is water vapour?	What is water vapour? What is it used for?	Is there a way to query the Quora database?	Is there any way to query the metadata on Quora?	Why is Great Britain in the Olympics and not England?	Why is the United Kingdom called Great Britain in the olympics?	What are some examples of human behaviors?	What are examples of human behavior?	Did Trump win the election?	Do you think Trump could win the presidency?	What is health?	What is for health?	How do I track a person basing on his mobile phone?	Can I track a person and his mobile online?	How do I find right person for me?	How do I find the right person for me?	How do I promote someone on social media?	How can I promote myself on social media?	What are the best restaurants in Guwahati?	What is the best restaurant in Guwahati?	Indian Super League: Which team is expected to be the most supported?	Which Indian Super League Team has the widest fan base? Which team has the most passionate fans in the league?	How can I host my website?	How do I host my website?	Can bilateral polycystic ovaries happen postnatally?	Can bilateral poly cystic ovaries happen post natally?	What can I say to describe my need for financial aid at Coursera full answers?	What can I say to describe my need for financial aid at Coursera?	Who will win the US presidential elections 2016: Hillary Clinton or Donald Trump?	Who will be the next president of USA: Hillary Clinton or Donald Trump?	Does teaching kids about money at an early age boost the economy of a country in the long run? How?	How teaching kids about money at early age can boost the economy of a country in a longrun?	What are some arguments in support of electing Donald Trump?	What are valid rational reasons for voting for Donald Trump?	How can I see someone's private instagram account?	How do I look at someone's Instagram when it's private?	How dO I feel peace?	How do I reach destination peace?	Who is the most beautiful woman of your country?	Who are the most handsome man and beautiful woman in your country?	Does money has more importance in life?	Money is really important for living life?	What are movies that everyone should see?	Are there any good movies to watch?	How do I get meth out of my system in 3 days?	How can I get meth out of my system ASAP?	Where can I get best legal support for property transaction in Sydney?	Where can I hire experienced professional for any property transaction in Sydney?	What are the odds of Trump being assassinated on Inauguration Day?	Would Donald Trump be assassinated if he is elected?	Was Hillary disbarred?	Is Hillary Clinton disbarred?	What is indicative of someone with borderline personality disorder?	What are distinct symptoms of borderline personality disorder?	How could I contact a specific user on Quora?	How can I directly contact a person on Quora?	Why has the U.S. kept making dividisons between Philippines and her neighbouring countries?	Why does the U.S. always make deep division between Philippines and her neighbouring countries?	How do I take back my ex boyfriend?	How do I ask my ex to get back together?	What are the best places to visit in Coimbatore?	What are the best places to see around Coimbatore?	How do you commit suicide?	What are the best and surest ways to commit suicide?	What is the duty of a lieutenant in the Indian army?	What are the duties of a lieutenant in Indian army?	How is Donald Trump a better choice than Hillary Clinton?	Why is Hillary Clinton a better choice than Donald Trump?	What will be the legacy of Donald Trump's 2016 presidential campaign?	What will be Donald Trump's legacy?	Who is the best Hollywood actor of this time?	Who is the best actor in the Hollywood industry?	My 13 year old either wants iPhone 6s or 7. Which one should I get her?	My 13 year old daughter either wants an iPhone 6s or 7. She gets good grades and she's responsible. Which one should I get her?	How should I start business?	How do you exactly start a business?	How do you find purpose in life?	How can I find the aim of my life?	How does an inverted or rotor-fed induction motor work?	How does a rotor fed induction motor work?	What are the some good books for preparing SSC CGL?	Books for SSC CGL?	When was baseball created and how was it created? How did the sport affect the U.S.?	How was the modern baseball created?	How can I get rid of stage fear?	How do I get rid of my stage fear?	How do you send a private message to someone you're following on Quora?	How do you send a private message on Quora?	How can I recover my Gmail forgot my password and recovery no?	I forgot my Gmail password and I can't answer the Gmail recovery questions. What can I do?	What are some good ways to lose weight?	How can I lose post marriage weight?	How do I move on from breakup?	How did you overcome your breakup?	What are the pros and cons of legalizing prostitution in India?	What would be the pros and cons of legalization of prostitution in India?	Who is the worst person you have met in your life?	Who's the worst person you know?	What is the easiest method to clean shave bikini area at home?	What is the safest way to shave your bikini area?	How do I start a blog and what are the best blogging platforms available?	Which is the best blogging platform?	How do I find out someone's name by a picture?	How do I Find a persons real name with a picture?	How can I become a better software developer?	How can I become a better software engineer/developer?	Where would you go if you get a time machine? Why?	Which period in time would you like to go to if you had a time machine?	How do I learn PHP?	How can learn how to build a website with PHP?	Has Quora turned into a political hack for Clinton?	Does Quora support Hillary Clinton?	What are some interesting things to do on a Sunday?	What are some of the best things a person can do on a Sunday?	Do you think Bollywood actors doing Sikh roles need help of Turban Training Centres for best turbans just like in Punjabi movies?	Do you think Bollywood actors doing Sikh roles need help of professional turban trainers from Punjab?	How can I hack: clash of clans?	How can I hack Clash of Clans?	How are black holes born?	What are black holes? How are they formed?	How do you fix a blue screen on a Macbook?	How can a blue screen on a Macbook be fixed?	Is 304 a good score in gre?	Is 319 a good score for GRE?	How introducing 2000 Rs notes which is of higher denomination than the current highest denomination 1000 Rs notes will reduce the black money?	Will the decision to demonetize 500 and 1000 rupee notes help to curb black money?	What are the proofs that aliens really exist?	Is there any public evidence that proves aliens do exist?	Can we expect time travel to become a reality?	Is time travel possible through cosmic strings?	What's the difference between nite and night?	What's the difference between night and nite?	Is Modi's decision on demonetization of 500 and 1000 notes welcomed by public?	What are your views on Modi's demonetization move?	How do I get internship at Google?	How can I apply for internship at Google?	Is embibe good for JEE preparations?	Is Embibe (online test centre) good for JEE preparation?	Does supply create demand or does demand create supply?	Why does supply create demand?	What daily diet should I follow to gain weight?	Which food is the best to gain weight?	What if someone wants to quit TCS during ILP?	What if someone wants to quit TCS during ILP training?	I have literally nothing to live for. What is there left to do?	What do you do when you have nothing left to live for?	What is the difference between a public limited company and a private limited company?	What is difference between private limited companies and public limited companies? What might be some examples?	What do you think about the ban on 500 and 1000 denomination notes in India?	What do you think of abolishing 500 and 1000 Rupee Currency notes by the Indian Government?	Which dating site has the most customization to find what your looking for?	Which dating app is the most customizable to find what you’re looking for?	What can be the reason for always feeling tired?	Why am I always tired?	How much will it cost to create a website in India?	How much does it costs to build a website in India?	How good is Irn Bru in curing hangovers?	Why is Irn Bru a hangover cure?	How can one improve his/her decision making skills?	I am very poor in taking decisions in my life and my past experience proved it. How can I improve my decision making skills?	What can we do for the people of Aleppo?	How can I help the people of Aleppo?	How can someone be a succesful YouTuber?	How can I become a succesful YouTuber?	What are some interesting places to visit in Chennai?	What are some great places to visit in and around (50 km radius) Chennai?	Can I write a long question on Quora?	How do you write a longer description for your questions on Quora?	What are the easiest ways to make good money using the Internet?	How do you make easy money online?	Who will win the 2016 presidential election?	Who is going to win the presidential election?	Why are Saltwater taffy candy imported in the Philippines?	Why is Saltwater taffy candy imported in South Korea?	What were the causes for World War 1?	What were the immediate and most important causes that led to World War 1?	Why do so many bad things happen to me?	Why are bad things happening to me?	What are the effects of demonitization of 500 and 1000 rupees notes on real estate sector?	How will be the banning of 500 and 1000 rupees notes will have impact on real estate and Construction industry in India?	What is a procedural language?	What is the difference between a procedural language and a programming language?	What is the best introduction to computer science book?	What is a great introduction to computer science book?	Which is longest river in India?	Which is the longest river in India?	Can I earn money on Quora?	How do I make money through Quora?	From where can we get vajirams booklets?	From where to get Vajiram booklets?	What was the aim of Brahmo Samaj? How does Brahmo Samaj and Arya Samaj differ ideologically?	How does Brahmo Samaj and Arya Samaj differ ideologically?	When I told best friend how I felt she cried and rejected me. She tells me that she loves me and we are intimate. What should I do?	My best friend cried when I told her how I felt. She then rejected me so I asked for time to think. Should I wait till she tries to contact me?	What is the Black Death and what were the effects?	What is the black death?	How do defense and prosecution differ?	How do prosecution and defense differ?	How do I read newspaper?	How do I read the newspaper effectively?	Why do bad things seem to happen to good people?	Why do bad things happen with good people?	Which in the best bicycle to buy under 15k?	What is the best bicycle to buy in the range of 10k to 15k INR?	How can we earn money online without investment?	What should I do to make money online in India?	What would happen if Trump dies before inauguration day?	What would happen if Trump was killed?	How do I open a private Instagram account?	How do I view someone's private Instagram pictures?	How can I stop procrastination?	How do I stop procrastination?	What does it feel like to be deaf?	What is it like to live being deaf?	What is the most efficient way to make money?	What is the best way to make money make more money?	What are examples of alliterations?	What are some examples of alliterations?	How can we learn English faster?	How can I learn ENGLISH faster?	How can one become a genius in physics?	How can I become genius in physics?	Why is Hillary Clinton a better choice than Donald Trump?	How is Hillary Clinton better than Donald Trump?	How can I improve my shooting range in basketball?	How do you improve your shot in basketball?	What are the most sexiest pics of all time?	What are the sexiest pics to you?	What are the applications of derivatives and integration in real life?	What's the use of derivative and integration in real life?	What are the best Washing Machine Repair center in Hyderabad?	Which is the best washing machine repair center in Hyderabad?	How much does it cost to create website?	How much it would cost for a new website?	Why do veterinarians recommend Hill Science Diet? And what makes it a "prescription" food?	What is the reason why vets recommend science diet?	Rajinikanth (actor): What are some lesser known stories about Rajinikant?	What are some less known facts about Rajinikanth?	Is it possible to keep a tiger as a pet in a huge house?	Is it possible to have a tiger as a pet?	Which is the best college of mechanical engineering in Ahmedabad?	Which is the best college for mechanical engineering in Ahmedabad?	What is the best book for learning UX Design?	What is the best book on UX and design?	How do you safely clean a flat screen TV?	What is the best and safest way to clean a Samsung flat screen TV?	Where can I hire a hacker?	How will I contact a good hacker?	Will banning 500 and 1000 notes can stop the black money?	How will the new currency notes of denomination 500 and 2000 curb black money?	What is your reaction towards P.V. Sindhu's Silver medal winning performance at the Rio Olympics?	What are your opinions on P.V. Sindhu's performance in Rio 2016?	How do I pass a drug test for meth in 40 hours?	How can I pass a meth urine test in less than 24 hrs?	What is your least favorite U.S. state and why?	What is your least favorite U.S. state?	How can I deal with inferior complex?	How do I deal with inferiority complex?	How can i get 95%+ in 10th ICSE Board exam 2017?	How can I score a 95+ in the ICSE board exams?	Why is Saltwater Taffy candy imported in Spain?	Why is Saltwater taffy candy imported in South Korea?	What is the oldest book ever written?	Which is the oldest written book in the history of mankind?	Who was best hope to win a medal for India in Rio after Sindhu?	Can we expect that India will get a third medal in Rio Olympics?	What are the books to be read for self improvement?	Which books should I read now in self improvment?	What is your concept of time?	What is your conception of time?	What are some ways to let go of resentment?	How do you let go of resentment?	What is Google Index?	What do you mean by Google index?	Why do we need to study signals and systems?	Why do we study signals and systems?	How do you strip a copper wire fast?	How can you strip copper wire fast?	What does Donald Trump's popularity and unpopularity tell us about today's America?	What can Donald Trump's popularity tell us about American values?	How do I unlock a Samsung Galaxy Y Duos (GT-S6102) phone once it gets locked due to multiple unlocking attempts?	How do I unlock a Samsung Galaxy Y Duos (GT-S6102) phone screen lock?	What is suspension rail?	What is a suspension rail?	Is a third world war coming?	Why World War III are inevitable?	Why do so many people ask questions on Quora instead of searching the answers on Wikipedia?	Why do people ask questions on Quora that are easily answerable via a quick internet search?	Which is the best Harry Potter book?	What's the best Harry Potter book?	How does Google Maps detect traffic levels?	How does Google Maps track traffic?	How can I look up an old Gmail account?	How do I find my old Gmail account back?	What are the key characteristics of thrash metal?	What are the key characteristics of the thrash metal music subgenre?	How I become beautiful like any girl?	How do I become a beautiful girl?	How can I lose my weight fast?	How can someone lose weight quickly?	Should I learn Objective-C or Swift in 2017?	What should I start to learn first: Objective-C or Swift?	Is iPhone 7 worth buying ?	Is it worth to buy an iPhone 7?	What are the best online value investing courses?	What are the best Value investment Online Courses?	Which ad networks for mobile native ads have a good fill rate/eCPM balance in Europe?	Which ad networks for desktop native ads have a good fill rate/eCPM balance in Europe?	How can i get interest in studying?	How should I get interest on my studies?	Is there any way to recover my deleted Facebook messages?	Can I recover my deleted Facebook messages?	What is the smell of rain called?	Where does the smell of rain come from and why does it happen?	How do I control my horny emotions?	How do you control your horniness?	Why is India failing so miserably at the Rio Olympics?	Why India is big loser in Olympics?	What are some common applications for calcium bicarbonate?	What are some common applications for calcium carbonate salt?	How does cloud computing work?	What is cloud computing?	How do I start a BPO Business in India now?	How do I start a BPO company in India? How much should I invest in?	What else can I do to get over a breakup?	What are the steps one goes through getting over a breakup?	How would I increase my height aftr 18?	How do I increase my height?	Why is Super Smash Brothers Melee still such a popular game?	Is Super Smash Brothers considered a fighting game?	Do long distance relationships work?	Is long distance relationship works?	What could be the best possible diet plan for gaining healthy weight?	What is a good diet plan for a commuter that wants to gain weight?	What are the qualities that you look for in your future wife?	What are the qualities of a good wife?	Who are some of the most dangerous or worst politicians in India?	Who is the worst leader of India? And why?	What are the best books for preparation of gate exam(me)?	What are the best books for GATE preparation?	How is mathematics useful in life?	What is mathematics used for?	Which phone should I buy under 15k?	What is the best phone I can get for below 15k?	What's are your resolutions for 2017?	What are some meaningful new year resolutions for 2017?	What is the logic behind scrapping of 500 and 1000 rupee notes by the Indian Government?	Did the Indian government ban the 500 Rs & 1000 rupees notes?	Which are some of the best YouTube channels to subscribe to?	What are some good channels on YouTube to subscribe?	How do I stop masturbation and forget women?	How can I stop masturbating?	Donald trump father?	Who is the father of Donald Trump?	What are some good tips to become a good orator?	How do I become a good orator?	Who will win the next 2019 general elections in India?	Who will win the next Lok Sabha elections in India in 2019?	I have 2 year career gap recently in 7 yr IT career.? How do I explain about career gap?	Career Advice: How do I explain one year gap in an interview?	What is the difference between whiskey and brandy?	What is difference between brandy and whiskey?	Is there proof that alien life exists?	Is there any evidence of alien life in space?	What is the best small business to start in Nagpur?	Which business/startup should I start in Nagpur which will have best chances of survival?	What is the best sex youve ever had?	What are your best sex experiences?	Why does trump shape his fingers like a vagina when making speeches?	Why does Trump shape his fingers like a vagina during his speeches?	What is your favorite Mammooty film and why?	Which are some of your favorite Mammooty films and why?	How much water should one drink in one day?	How much water to drink per day?	Is a sea of massive gravitons what ripples when galaxy clusters collide and is it what waves in a double slit experiment?	Are GR and QM related by the superfluid dark matter as it is what ripples when Galaxy clusters collide and is what waves in a double slit experiment?	How do I meet people when moving to a new city alone?	What are the best ways to meet people when moving to a new city?	What are some turgor pressure examples?	What is turgor pressure? What are some examples?	How does Google or WhatsApp earn money?	How does WhatsApp make money?	Why do some people hate Shahrukh Khan so much?	Why do people hate Shahrukh Khan and why do people feel that he is not an Indian?	Who is the greatest cricket player of all time?	Who do you think is the greatest cricketer of all time?	what are some good and short motivational stories?	What are some short motivation stories?	How would society benefit if we stopped or reduced pesticides on crops?	How would society benefit if we reduced pesticides on crops?	How can I use a dji phantom to make money	How can I make money from the Inspire 1 drone?	How did Quora find good writers at the beginning of its launch?	How did Quora recruit high level writers at the beginning?	How did Donald Trump become president?	How did Donald Trump win the Presidential election?	What is the difference between front and back end?	What is difference between frontend and backend in web developing?	How do I log out in Quora?	How I can I logout from Quora?	What is a short way of describing the difference between realism and pragmatism?	What do you know about similarities and differences between realism and pragmatism?	How can I develop good writing skills?	How can one improve his writing skills?	How can I love?	How do you love?	How can I get free funds for my startup ideas?	How do I get to just tell investors about my startup idea?	What is your opinion of reality shows?	What do you think about reality shows?	How do I know whether a girl likes me?	How do I tell if a girl I sit next to likes me?	What are some bad movies that you think should have never been made?	Which movie that you have watched is so bad that you felt that it should have been never made?	What should I study to learn selenium with java?	How can I learn selenium with java?	Where can I buy T-shirts online in India?	What is the best e-commerce site to order T-shirts in India?	What is the difference between Java and Android programming?	Are there major differences between programming in Android vs plain Java?	How do i succeed in learning a new language?	How do I start with learning a new language?	What is the vascular cambium and what is its function?	What is the function of the vascular cambium?	What limits our curiosity?	Can there be limits for curiosity?	How can you compare and contrast lice and fleas?	How do lice and fleas compare and contrast?	Why do I feel that nobody understands me?	Why do I feel like nobody understands me?	Who created the "GOD"?	If god has created the world then who created god?	Where do animals go when they die? Do they have a spirit (whether religious/atheist)?	Do the beasts go anywhere after they die?	Why is the field of vision in a microscope important?	What is the field of vision in a microscope usable for?	What can I do to practice my English?	How can I become good at English?	Why didn't the Japanese develop a deep-seated hatred against Americans after the atomic bombings of Hiroshima and Nagasaki?	Do Japanese hold grudges on Americans for Hiroshima and Nagasaki?	What is Bill Gates' daily routine?	What is the Daily routine of Bill Gates?	What is digital marketing exactly?	What is digital marketing?What are the basics of Digital Marketing?What is digital marketing strategy?Who needs digital marketing services?	What would happen to a non-Muslim who got caught in Mecca?	What happens if a non-muslim accidentally enters the holy city of Mecca?	Can I remove sun tan skin and back to my original skin?	How can one remove sun tans?	Why do Europeans care about the US election?	Why do Europeans care so much about US elections?	What does the government do with the black money collected in income tax and service tax raids?	Income tax get lots of black money through raids. Where does this money go?	Why’s watching and playing snooker different?	Why is watching snooker different to playing snooker?	How is diffusion related with the respiratory system?	How the respiratory system is related to diffusion?	What are some good books on secret societies?	What are the best books to know about secret societies?	What is the difference between a nationalist and a patriot?	What is difference between nationalism and patriotism?	Why do you yawn when you are tired?	Why do we yawn when we are sleepy?	What is the meaning of peace?	What is mean by peace?	Why the Modi government ban the 500 and 1000 notes?	Why Modi is putting a ban on 500 and 1000 notes?	What could have possibly happened to flight MH370?	What happened to MH370?	What is the best type of exercise for weight loss?	Which is the best exercise for weight loss?	What are the best C# books for beginners?	What is the c# best book for beginners?	What is the expected cutoff for KVPY 2016 SA -stream 2016?	What is the Expected cutoff for KVPY SA stream 2016?	Which is your favourite friends episode?	What are your favorite Friends episodes?	How can I really tell I'm pretty?	How do you know if you are pretty?	Do you support Modi's fight against black money?	Do you support Modi for fight against black money?	Chinese Food: What is the origin of the fortune cookie?	How were fortune cookies created? Are they really a Chinese tradition?	How can we earn money online without investment?	How do I earn money from the Internet?	What is naturally available nootropics?	What are natural nootropics?	Why do girls go to the bathroom in a group?	Why do multiple females go to the bathroom at the sametime?	Why do dogs pee on cars tyres?	Why do dogs prefer to piss on tyres?	What do you think of Mr. Modi's decision to discontinue Rs 500 and 1000 currencies as of midnight November 8th?	What do you think will be the effect of Modi Government's decision of invalidating the RS 500 and RS 1000 notes?	How do I keep long last friendship?	How do I maintain a long friendship?	With increase in temperature dose activation energy of reaction increase?	Does activation energy change with temperature?	How can one get a job in UNO?	How do I get the job in UNO?	What steps should I take to become a game designer?	How do I become a game designer?	How do I prepare for the CAT 2015 candidate?	How should one prepare for CAT 2016?	What's your new year resolution for 2017?	What is your resolution for 2017?	How do I learn general knowledge?	What can I do to improve my general knowledge?	Which are the best songs that have featured on Coke Studio India?	What is the best song you have heard in coke studio (India)?	What is the best book for philosophy for beginners?	What are some best philosophy books?	What is the best way to overcome negative and depressing thoughts?	How do I overcome with negative and depressive thoughts and to be positive?	Has Ancient Mesopotamia been scientifically tested?	Have Ancient Akkadians been scientifically tested?	How do I get started for cds exam 2016?	How I can apply for cds exam 2016?	Which country is most likely to trigger WW3?	Who is most likely to start world war three?	Does universe have a center of mass?	Does the Universe have a center?	Is Hillary Clinton crazy enough to start a nuclear war with Russia?	Would Hillary Clinton start World War III / War with Russia?	Why can't a body move faster than the speed of light?	Is it true that nothing can travel faster than light? Or was that idea made up?	What are some good sites for learning Python?	Which is the best site for learning python?	How do I lose weight without doing exercise?	How can I lose weight fast without exercise?	How can I determine the operating pump head?	How can I determine pump the operating pump head?	How can I come out of my comfort zone?	What does one's own comfort zone mean? How do I come out of it?	How much law of attraction works?	How does law of attraction work? Is it real?	Can I permanently enlarge my penis?	How do I increase the size of a penis?	How can I increase my stamina?	What are some good ways to increase your stamina?	How many humans would it take to repopulate the earth?	What is the minimum viable population for humans to repopulate the Earth?	How should one deal with introverts?	How do I deal with introverted people?	What are the best uses for duck fat?	What are some good culinary uses for duck fat?	What is the best exercise for belly fat?	Whats the best way to reduce belly fat?	Why do golf Ball have dimple?	Why do golf balls have dimples?	How can I change my life as a 22 years old girl? (in a positive way)?	How can I improve my life at 22 years old?	Which is the best book for data structures and algorithms for beginers?	What are the best books on data structures?	Why do architects use pens to draw?	Why do architects prefer pens over pencils?	Can cats catch cold from people?	Can my cat catch a cold from me?	How many states in America wanna be independent?	How many states in America wanna to be independent?	How does an author get more views and upvotes on Quora?	How can I get more upvotes and views in Quora?	What programming language I should learn first?	What are good programming language to start with before I advance?	What opportunities exist after completing a B.Tech in mechanical engineering?	Which course after b.tech in mechanical engineering suits best?	Is the Indian Air Force superior to the Chinese PLAF?	Is the Indian Air Force stronger than the CHINESE Air Force?	What are some of the best outdoor gadgets?	What are some of the best camping tools?	Where can I get best qualities outdoor tiles in Sydney?	Where can I meet my every flooring tiles requirement in Sydney?	What is difference between engineering and technology?	What is the difference between engineering and technology?	Why do we have gravity?	Why is there gravity?	What is our purpose in being here?	What do you think is the purpose of existence of human being in this vast universe?	How are the metro trains able to consistently stop at the correct position of the platform doors?	How are metro trains able to stop at the very exact position?	What do you think of PM Modi's 2015 Independence Day speech?	How do you rate PM Modi's 2015 Independence Day speech?	How can I find out what I really want to do with my life?	How can I improve myself and figure out what should I do with my life?	Why do human need sleep?	Why do we sleep?	Do women really want to take big dicks?	Do women prefer men with big penis? Or is it irrelevant?	Which was the best Bollywood movie of 2016 so far?	Which is the best Bollywood movie of 2016?	How do I turn off a screen overlay on my Samsung Galaxy s6?	Samsung Galaxy S6 how to turn off the screen overlay?	Is scrapping old 500 and 1000 rupees notes and releasing new 500 and 2000 rupees notes a permanent solution for eradication of black money?	Would banning notes of denominations 500 and 1000 help to curb the black money in system?	Bollywood: Why do Hrithik Roshan and Kangana Ranaut send legal notices to each other?	What is going on between Kangana Ranaut and Hrithik Roshan these few days?	Why don't some people care about online privacy?	Why most people don't care about their security and privacy in the cyber space?	What are the possible implications of Demonetization of 500 and 1000 rupee notes?	What do you think of the decision by the Indian government to demonetize 500 and 1000 rupee notes?	At what speed will a speed camera (UK) not be able to catch you?	How fast would I have to drive (theoretically) to make it so that a speed camera couldn't catch me?	How can I get over social anxiety?	How can I overcome social anxiety?	What is your biggest fear around pregnancy (and parenthood)?	What is your biggest fear about pregnancy?	What led to Cyrus Mistry ouster from TATA GROUP?	Why did Tata Sons removed/sacked Cyrus Mistry as the chairman?	Why did Napoleon sell the Louisiana territory?	Why did Napoleon sell Louisiana to the Americans?	How does an induction motor start?	How do induction motors start?	What are some of the best jokes ever?	Which are some of the best jokes ever?	What does society have to do with ecology?	How does society impact ecology?	What would happen if there was no Google?	What will happen if there is no Google?	What does stretching do for your body?	How does stretching help your body?	Why did Tata Sons removed/sacked Cyrus Mistry as the chairman?	What went wrong with Cyrus Mistry as Tata Group chairman and why was he ousted?	How soon and by what means will the human race become extinct?	How and when will humans likely become extinct?	How do I set up an e-Commerce store in India? What are the legal implications involved?	How do I start up an e-commerce website legally? What are the legal requirements in India?	How do i lose weight?	How do I reduce body weight?	Have you ever seen a person die?	Have you ever seen anyone die?	How can I stop being so hard on myself?	How can I stop being hard on myself?	Is it better to send a thank you email or write a thank you letter after a job interview?	Whom do we send Thank you letter after interview?	Who is the best Indian fielder ever?	Who is the all time best fielder in Indian Cricket team?	What are mind-boggling facts about rich people?	What are some mind boggling facts about billionaires?	How can I be more confident around new people?	How can I get more confident around new people?	How can I improve my presence of mind?	How can a person build his/her presence of mind?	Have you ever been caught having sex?	Were you ever caught having sex?	How can I protect my PHP website from spam or hacker?	How do I protect my PHP website from hackers?	I know nothing about programming. What is the best way and the best language to start learning how to program?	What is the best way to learn to code? And the best language to learn?	How can I improve my pronunciation in English?	How will I improve my spoken English?	What is the best book about brand for startup?	Which is the best book for startup branding?	Can I start learning Java without C++?	Can I learn Java without learning C++?	Which is the best SEO ‪Company‬ in ‪Delhi‬?	What is best seo services provider company in Delhi?	What are the best movies you ever watch?	What are the five best movies of all time?	Why do people try to ask silly questions on Quora rather than googling it?	Why do so many people ask things on Quora that they could just as easily Google?	What percentile do I need to score to get calls from IIMs?	What percentile do I need to get a call from the IIMs?	Should I remove my wisdom teeth?	Should I have my wisdom tooth removed?	Which is the best laptop for 60k?	Which is the best laptop below rs60000?	What should I do for controlling anger?	What is the best way to control your anger?	Why are Pakistan and India enemies?	Why are India and Pakistan enemies?	How do you download photos from iCloud?	How do you retrieve photos from iCloud?	Who is Benjamin Netanyahu?	Why is Benjamin Netanyahu famous?	Why is the First Amendment so important?	Is the First Amendment of the U.S. Constitution the most important amendment? Why or why not?	How good is a career in digital marketing?	Is learning digital marketing good or not?	How do I check who viewing your Facebook profile?	How do I see if someone visited my Facebook profile?	Why do we use Inheritance in programming?	What is the main use of inheritance in programming?	Why do I feel lonely even when I'm around many people?	Why do I feel lonely when I'm around people?	How much have you improved in NEET 2 from NEET 1?	How much have you improved in NEET 2 than NEET 1 score?	Epilepsy: What is it like to have an epileptic seizure?	What does it feel like to have a seizure?	What is the most popular sport in the USA?	What is the most popular sport in America?	How should I loose weight?	Which are the best ways to lose weight?	What is the worst thing that has ever happened to you?	What's the worst thing that's ever happened to you?	Why does the U.S. government borrow monry to pay its bills?	Why does the U.S. government borrow money to pay its bills?	Where can I found best quality walk in wardrobes in Sydney?	Where can I the find best quality wardrobes in Sydney?	What is the best advice you can give to a 17-year-old girl?	What advice would you give a 17 year old girl?	Would trump encourage his supporters to revolt when he loses the election?	What would happen if Trump rallied his supporters to storm the White House if he loses the election?	How do I be successful in life?	How do I get success in life?	Is the scenario where Ramsay gets eaten by his own dogs realistic and plausible?	Is it a real scenario that Ramsay Bolton was eaten by his own dogs?	How do you add topics upon asking a question on Quora?	How can I add more than one topic to a question on Quora?	What are the safety precautions on handling shotguns proposed by the NRA in South Carolina?	What are the safety precautions on handling shotguns proposed by the NRA in Oklahoma?	Do YOU wear toe closed shoes without socks?	Do you wear any toe closed shoes without socks?	Is there any particular reason behind the launch of 2000 Rs notes?	What is the point of the Rs. 2000 notes?	What places should I visit during my visit to Kerala during July?	What are the places to visit for a honeymoon in Kerala?	What is the next evolution stage for the human being?	What will be the next major step in the evolution of the human species?	What do I have to do to be happy?	What I should do to be more happy?	How can I log in Facebook without password?	How can I find my old password or can I log into Facebook from my Gmail account?	What are some of best training institutes for CCNA certification in Bangalore? Personal insights are appreciated.	Which is the best training institute for ccna with placement in Bangalore?	What is the primary demographic difference between Republicans and Democrats?	What's the difference between Republicans and democrats in USA politics?	What is Quora used for?	What is Quora most useful for?	What are the successes of the Articles of the Confederation?	What are the successes of the Articles of Confederation?	How difficult was KVPY SX 2016?	How was KVPY 2016? How much are are all of you scoring ?	Why am I not allowed to answer some questions on Quora?	Why can't I answer Questions or comment on Quora?	Is the Earth flat?	What is the evidence that makes some people say the earth is flat?	What are the Miranda rights?	What are miranda rights and why is it called this?	How can I get an ip from an email address?	How do I track the IP address from an email?	How can I lose weight effectively?	How do I lose fats and excessive weight from body?	Are we morally obligated to report any cheaters we encounter?	Are we morally obligated to report any cheater we encounter?	How do a calico cat and a tortoiseshell cat differ?	What are the difference between tortoiseshell and calico cats? What are some examples?	Can Hillary Clinton still become President of the United States?	Can my godmother Hillary Clinton still become president?	What are the qualities of a great mentor?	What are the qualities of a good mentor?	Who do you think should win the presidency of 2016 and why?	Who do you think will win the US presidency and why?	Where can I take a real iq test?	IQ Testing: Where can I go to take a legitimate IQ test?	Which is best movie?	What are all time best movies to watch?	How will Hillary push forward a progressive agenda if the GOP secures a Congressional majority again?	How will Hilary push forward a progressive agenda if the GOP secures a Congressional majority again?	Is it possible to stop masturbating?	How should I stop masturbating?	Is Linux any good?	Is Linux good?	How can we trace a phone call's origin or cellphone location?	How do I find a phone number’s location?	Can I transfer money from a credit card to a prepaid card?	Can you load a prepaid card with a credit card?	Can I restore my deleted emails from a Gmail account?	How can I recover my emails from my Gmail account?	Who is the world famous astrologer in india?	Which are some of the most famous astrologers in India?	Which is the best institute for GMAT preparations in Delhi?	Which are the best GMAT coaching institutes in Delhi/NCR?	What can now be done by India after the Uri attack to tackle Pakistan?	How should India respond to Uri attacks?	How can i earn through youtube?	How can you make money on YouTube?	What is your review of the 2016 MacBook Pro?	What do developers think about the new MacBook Pro?	What actually is the purpose of life?	What is my purpose in life? Why is there life on Earth?	What is the best question asked on Quora? What was the best answer?	What are the best questioned asked in Quora?	Any ideas of simple project using logic gates?	Any ideas for simple digital mini project using logic gates?	How do I make life worth living?	How do you make life worth living?	Is it possible to make a time machine?	Can we create a time machine?	Which app is the best educational app?	What are the best educational apps for Android tablets?	Would Hillary get women's vote just because she's a female?	Should people vote for Hillary Clinton just because she's a woman?	Can we pursue biotechnology after B.tech in mechanical engineering?	What fields can I enter after completing a B.Tech in mechanical engineering?	How can I earn money through a Facebook page?	How does a Facebook page earn money?	Is marriage unnecessary in modern society?	Is marriage an outdated institution for our modern society?	How is it possible to send an anonymous text?	Is it possible to send an anonymous text?	What is partial factor of safety?	What are partial safety factors?	What are some must read books for teenagers?	What are some must-read books for teenagers?	Who are you voting for (for US president) and why?	Who are you voting for in the 2016 U.S. Presidential Elections and why?	Why does the Easter Bunny give out eggs?	Why does the Easter bunny carry eggs?	How is light produced?	What is light caused by?	Could we build an educational system without teachers?	What would an educational system without teachers and lecturers look like?	When is aggression good?	What can aggression be good for?	Can we time travel?	Time Travel Is It Possible?	What’s the difference between logic and reason?	What is the difference between logic and reason?	How do I jailbreak my ipad?	How do you jailbreak an iPad?	What is your favourite quote and why?	What is your favourite Quote?	Are there any other websites like Quora?	What are some similar websites to Quora?	What is the best way to learn and practice C programming?	What's the fastest way to learn C?	Why we should not go to College?	Why shouldn't I go to college?	What is better to use: MIT OCW or Khan Academy?	Is it better to learn calculus from Khan academy or MIT OCW for a physics student?	Does masturbation reduce stamina?	Does masturbation affect stamina?	How do I learn quickly?	How can l learn faster?	How do I lose weight ayurvedically?	How can I efficiently lose weight?	What should be the strategy to clear IBPS PO?	How do I start preparing for ibps po?	Is it worth buying the iPhone 7?	My opinion is iPhone 7 isn't worth the upgrade. What do you think?	Is soy milk as bad as people are saying?	Is soy milk dangerous?	Do both  the Shias and Sunnis discriminate against the B'ahai?	Why do Muslims discriminate against Bahà'i faith?	How do I understand logarithm perfectly?	How do I understand logarithms?	What is best investment options in India?	What are best investment options in India?	How would scrapping Rs 500 and 1000 notes affect the real estate sector?	How will abolishing Rs. 500 and Rs. 1000 notes affect the real estate businesses in India?	Has anyone had a near death experience that they can describe?	What is the most life changing near death experience you've ever had?	What should be done to gain weight in few days?	What is the way to gain weight in short days?	Where can I hire an email hacker?	Where can I find/employ a real hacker?	How do you improve your writing skills?	How do I improve writing skills.?	What is something you find annoying on Quora?	What are some really annoying things about Quora?	What is it like to be a congressman?	What is it like becoming a congressman?	Should Edward Snowden be considered a hero?	Is Edward Snowden a hero or a villain? Why?	What is it like to be homeless?	How is it like to become homeless?	What are some good apps for learning to play the guitar?	What is the best app for learning to play guitar?	How is shoolini university?	Is Shoolini University a good university?	Can the UK ever become a global military super power again?	Could the U.K. Become a world super power again?	What are the applications that can use armature control to reduce the speed and also can use field control to increase the speed more than rated in DC motors?	What are the applications that can use armature control to reduce speed and in the same time can use field control to reach the speed more than rated?	What can we do for hair loss?	Is there a way to prevent hair Loss?	What things do Ivy League universities have in common? Are they really that much better than public funded accredited universities?	What does make "Ivy League" universities better than other universities?	Are "The Goebbels Diaries" good to read?	Are the Goebbels Diaries a good read?	Which is the best laptop to buy under INR 50K?	What are the best laptops under 50K in India presently?	How India can respond to the Uri terror attack?	What could be an intelligent and efficient response to the Uri terror attack?	What are some of the best movies made in the years 2000+?	What are the best movies of the 21st century?	Why do I laugh when people get hurt?	Why do people laugh at other people when they hurt themselves?	How should I start couchsurfing?	How do I start couchsurfing?	What is natural selection? Why does it occur?	What are the best ways to explain evolution by natural selection?	What is the best Korean drama?	Which is the best Korean drama?	Should I join HCL TSS leap program it is worth giving them 2 lac rupee?	Is it better to join in an HCL TSS program?	Who is the most overrated director in bollywood?	Who is bollywood's most overrated film maker?	Which are the good food stuffs to gain a weight?	What food should I eat to gain weight?	Would the stock markets crash if the Fed raised interest rates as Trump claims?	Will the stock market tank as soon as the Fed raises interest rates?	How can I get the funding for my startup without revealing my idea?	How can I get free funds for my startup ideas?	How can I improve English speaking skill?	How can I improve my English speaking .?	Who would win in a fight? Ser Arthur Dayne or Robert Baratheon?	Could Arthur Dayne have beaten Robert Baratheon in his prime?	How banning 500 and 1000 rupees note will curb the corruption and black money in India?	Would banning notes of denominations 500 and 1000 help to curb the black money in system?	Which is the best smartphone ?	Which is the best smartphone of all time?	Who has viewed my Instagram?	Can you see who who viewed your videos on Instagram?	What advice would you give a 17 year old girl?	What advice would you give to a very optimistic (sometimes foolishly optimistic) 17 year old girl?	What are some books that are worth reading?	Which books would you recommend that I read?	Why do apps on iOS take up more space than their android counterparts?	Why do iOS apps consume more space than similar android apps?	How do you know when you've found the right girl?	How do you know if you have found "the one"?	What's the most embarrassing thing you've seen someone do?	What's the most embarrasing thing you've seen someone do?	What are some of the weirdest and useless websites?	What are some examples of weirdest/scariest websites?	Should I stop loving someone who doesn't love me?	What should I do if I love someone who does not love me?	What does tripping of power plant/electrical line/ generator/power grid mean?	What does it mean for a Power grid to 'trip'? How is it caused?	Laziness: What's the laziest thing you've ever done?	What's the laziest thing you've ever done?	What are your opinions on Brexit?	What is your view/opinion about Brexit?	Is China bullying its neighbors in the South China Sea?	Why is China bullying SEA nations in the south China sea?	How can I trace phone calls from a cell phone?	How do I track a cell phone by number for free?	Why do we have reservation in India? And why don't we understand it?	Is there any need for reservation in India?	What is your creative New Year's resolution for 2017?	What would be your New Year resolutions for 2017?	Is it possible to lose weight without doing exercise?	How do I lose weight without doing any sport?	How could I improve my English pronunciation?	I want to improve my English?	Why is saltwater taffy candy imported in Austria?	Why is Saltwater Taffy candy imported in Portugal?	How do you take a screenshot on a Lenovo laptop?	How can you take a screenshot on a Lenovo laptop?	What is to know about money?	What are basic things that everyone needs to know about finance?	How much control can one have over one's emotions?	How can I control my emotions?	Which is the best SEO Company in India to Optimize your website at top?	How can I rank my website at top with best SEO Company in India?	How can I manage my exam anxiety before and during state exam period?	How do I overcome stress anxiety before exams?	What kind of jobs can a blind person have? What about someone who is deaf?	What kind of careers can a blind person have? What about someone who is deaf?	What are some of the best Hollywood movies to watch?	What are best Hollywood movies?	How do i control emotions at work place or public place?	How could I control my emotions and my negative thoughts?	How do dogs get pregnant and how can you tell if a dog is pregnant?	How can dogs get pregnant?	What are some mind-blowing safe wallets 2016 that exist that most people don't know about?	What are some mind-blowing wallets gadgets that exist that most people don't know about?	Will the Supreme Court's decision of playing the National Anthem before movie screenings affect your patriotism?	What's your stand on the recent Supreme Court's order about national anthem in cinema halls?	How is Donald Trump winning?	Why did Donald Trump win the election?	Could our universe actually be a computer program?	Is our universe just a computer simulation?	Why are independent schools better than public schools?	Are private schools really that much better than public schools?	What was your most life changing experience?	What is your life changing decision?	Is inflation good?	How inflation is good sometimes?	Can we message anyone on Quora?	Can I send message on Quora?	I don't support gay marriage. Does that make me a bad person?	Does it make someone a bad person if they don't believe in gay marriage?	Why are people now so self centered?	Why are some people so self-centered?	How do I keep conversation flowing?	How do I engage and keep a conversation flowing?	What are some of the best whatsapp status?	Some best WhatsApp status?	What is the best programming language for developing desktop application?	What is the best programming language to develop a desktop application?	What are recent developments in friction stir welding?	What is the recent development in friction stir welding?	How do I make money by doing affiliate marketing?	How much money can you make doing affiliate marketing?	What would be the best programming language to DIY learn today?	What is the best computer programming language to learn first?	What should I do in Phuket?	What should a tourist do at Phuket?	Which are the top architects in pune?	Who are top architects in pune?	Which is the best QuickBooks data recovery support number in New York?	Which is the best QuickBooks error support number?	What are the best options for hair loss?	What can we do to minimize our hair loss?	Why there is d in fridge and not in refrigerator?	Why is there a 'd' in the word fridge but not in the word refrigerator?	When did you realise that Indian serials are crap?	When did you realise Indian serials are crap?	What's the difference between people and persons?	What's the main difference between the words "people" and "persons"?	How does one w/bad credit get a loan against a house they own to buy another property?	How do I get a loan against owned house to buy new property?	How do you measure your success?	How would you measure success?	Can we manipulate space time?	How does one manipulate space-time?	What is your website and how much do you earn through it?	How much and how do you earn through your website?	Why shouldn't I visit your country?	Why shouldn’t I visit your country?	What's the best thing that's ever happened to you?	What is the best thing that has ever happened to you?	Why did the Battle of Vimy Ridge occur? Why is it considered a defining event for Canada?	Why was the Battle of Vimy Ridge so important?	What's your new year resolution for 2017?	What are some of the best New Years resolutions for 2017?	What`s the best way to get rid of porn addiction?	What are some effective ways to get rid of porn/masturbation addiction?	How can I improve in my writing?	How do you get better at writing?	What should be done to impress a girl?	What is the best way to impress a girl?	How do you make instrumentals?	How do I make an instrumental?	How do I reset my Gmail password when I don't remember my recovery information?	How can I reset my Gmail password without knowing my personal information and recovery email id?	What are input and output devices? What are some examples?	What are some examples of output and input devices?	How can I become a successful software engineer?	What should I do to become a Software engineer?	What are the best Hairstyles for Men?	Which is the best hairstyle for men?	How can I earn money during college?	How do I earn money with my studies?	How can I stop worrying and over-thinking about everything?	How can I stop over thinking everything?	Which is currently the best IAS coaching centre in Hyderabad?	Could anyone help me with the best IAS coaching centers in Hyderabad?	How do I deal with noisy neighbors?	What are the best ways to deal with a noisy environment?	Do you think that conflict in Syria is a proxy war between US and Russia?	Is there a proxy war going in between Russia and US and its allies in Syria?	Daniel Ek: Why hasn't Spotify come to India yet? When is it launching in India?	Why is Spotify not available in India?	What does it feel like to be dying?	What does it feel like to die?	How can I have a big penis?	How can I increase girth of my penis?	Why do a lot of athletes wear yellow shoes in Rio Olympics?	What's the deal with the yellow shoes for a lot of the runners at the Rio Olympics?	Why does sex exist?	Why sex exist?	How will be MEO Class 4 exam?	How do I prepare for meo class 4 exam?	What type off music do you listen?	What type of music do you like?	Why does February's 29 days come after 4 years?	Why does the 29th of February only come every 4 years?	Why is China blocking the move to ban Masood Azhar at UN?	Why does China constantly block India's proposal at the UN to list Masood Azhar as a designated terrorist?	Why did the Ottoman empire collapse?	Why did Ottoman Empire collapse?	Is premarital sex wrong in India?	Is premarital sex immoral in India?	Why does Indian judiciary take such a long time to deliver a verdict?	Why does it take so long for Indian courts to deliver the verdict?	What is a good facebook ad ctr?	What's a good CTR on a Facebook Ad?	Why does 0! Equal 1?	Why the factorial of 0 is 1?	Who is the best teacher in India?	Who are the best teachers in India?	Do Indian women allow their husbands to sleep with other women?	Would any Indian wife allow her husband to sleep with other women?	What are the things to keep in mind when having sex for the first time?	What are things one should keep in mind while having sex for the first time?	What is the best way to teach a child to read?	How do you teach a 4 year old toddler to read?	How can I permanently delete my question from Quora? Can deleting the profile help?	How do you delete a question from Quora?	Which is best escort in bangalore?	Which is best escort agency in Bangalore?	How can I lose 4kg weight?	I'm overweight. How can I begin to lose weight?	What is the best Royal Enfield bike?	Which is the best motor bike in the Royal Enfield series?	How can I make some easy money?	Which is the best way to earn easy money?	Why do dogs howl in their sleep?	Why would dogs howl in their sleep?	What do you think about Modi government banning 500 & 1000 currency note from 9th November?	What do you think about the Indian Government policy of not circulating INR 500 and INR 1000?	Can you drink green tea before sleeping?	Can I drink green tea before sleeping?	Can I make my hair hard?	How can we make our hair hard?	Daniel Ek: When is Spotify coming to india?	When will Spotify launch in India?	What is Microsoft Surface Studio?	What do you think about the Microsoft Surface Studio?	What is the best smartphone for 2016?	What are the best smartphones of 2016?	What's the difference between hiking and walking?	What is the difference between hiking and walking?	How can I improve my communication skill and English proficiency?	What is the best way to improve my spoken English soon?	What does it mean when a girl says you’re crazy?	What does that mean if a girl calls you crazy?	What is the biggest mistake you have ever made in your life which you love as well as regret?	What is the biggest mistake you have ever made?	What is the best path I should take to improve my English?	What are the best ways to improve English?	How do I improve my writing?	How do you get better at writing?	What is motive behind the "surgical strike"?	What is the motive behind the "surgical strike"?	What's the future of biotechnology?	What is scope in biotechnology?	Why am I so scared all the time?	Why am I so scared?	How shoud I start my preparation for IAS?	What's the process to start study of IAS?	Who are some of your favorite Quorans?	Who is your favorite Quoran on Quora?	I have a startup idea. I know that implementing that idea is the real deal. Anyone who can help me gather knowledge about developing my idea?	Can anyone help me as a mentor with my startup idea (implementing)?	When and where did you find Quora?	How do people find out about Quora?	Who invented Powerade? How was it invented?	Why and how was Powerade invented?	Which programing language(s) is(are) widely used for control engineering?	Which programming language is widely used in control engineering industries?	What is it like to study cognitive science at IIT GN?	How good is M.Sc cognitive science at IIT Gandhinagar?	Is it possible make time machine?	Is it possible that one day a time machine would be created?	How do I make chicken biriyani?	What is the best way to make chicken biriyani?	Was the Big Bang a result of a white hole?	Was the Big Bang just a gigantic white hole?	What is the difference between a unicellular and multicellular organism?	What are the different characteristics of unicellular and multicellular organisms?	What is the best way to set up an eCommerce website?	What is the best way to create an ecommerce website?	Why do people think that the United Kingdom is a weak nation?	Why do a lot of people think that the United Kingdom is a weak country?	What's the best mistake you've ever made?	What is the most interesting mistake you have ever made? What did you learn from this?	How can i learning programming?	How can I learn more programming?	Why MBA after BE?	Why do people do an MBA course after engineering?	What are the benefits of outsourcing?	What are the benefits of offshore outsourcing?	Who would play you in a movie of your life?	Who would play you in a film based upon your life?	Do I need to be social?	Do we need to be social?	What are the things unique to Kerala?	What are the things which we can only see in the Indian state Kerala?	How can I get the best grades/better grades at school?	What can I do to get better grades next quarter?	Which phone should I buy under 15k?	Which phone is best to buy under 15k?	What makes weeds grow so much faster and easier than other plants?	Why do weeds grow better and faster then plants that people actually want to grow?	Is demonetization (demonetisation) in India a failure?	Is demonetization policy of PM Modi a failure?	How do I get rid of tiny black bugs in my bed?	How can I get rid of little black bugs in my bed?	How is throat dryness related to diabetes?	How is throat dryness associated with diabetes?	Why should I answer a question on Quora?	Why should I answer Quora questions?	How do I control my spending?	How can I control my spending?	Which cycle should I buy under 10 K?	Which bicycle should I buy under 10k?	Does your divorce decree have to use your legal last name to be legal?	Does your divorce decree have to have your legal last name?	Have there ever been times of world peace?	Has there ever been a period of world peace?	Daniel Ek: Why isn't Spotify coming to India instead of the huge internet consumption India has?	Daniel Ek: When will you launch Spotify in India?	What are the positive effects of climate change?	What are the positive effects of global warming?	What is the best sex youve ever had?	What's the best sexual experience you have had?	What is the role of a pharmacist?	What is the role of pharmacist?	How can I find who is calling me from a restricted number?	How can you find out who is calling you from a private number?	What should be my study strategy for first year of MBBS?	How should I study to become the topper in the First Professional Examination in MBBS?	Can you donate blood if you have a tattoo?	Can I donate blood if I have a tattoo?	How do I find out what I truly want in my life? It fluctuates!	How do I figure out what should I do with my life?	Which is the Good hotel in Dothan Alabama with great hospitality?	Which is the centrally located and cheap hotel in Dothan Al?	Why is salt water taffy candy unknown in Japan?	Why is Saltwater taffy candy imported in Czech Republic?	Which are the 10 best Hollywood movies?	Can you provide me the list of the best hollywood movies you have seen?	What's the weirdest thing you've ever masturbated to?	What is the weirdest "thing" you have ever masturbated to?	What do sperm taste like?	What does cum taste like?	What are the best online courses available for digital business and marketing management?	Where can I get the best digital marketing course (online & offline) in India?	How can I maximise views on Quora?	How do I get many views on answers on Quora?	Can you get seed funding from an angel or VC just based on a great idea and a business plan?	What is VC funding and how can a start up get VC funding?	Have you ever had a near death experience?	Has anyone had any near death experiences that they wish to share?	Does long distance relationships actually work?	How do I cope with a long distance relationship?	Is there even a slight proof of alien life?	What evidence is there to support the existence of alien life?	Are Pisces attracted to Scorpio?	Are Pisces equally attracted to Scorpio?	What are the useful certificates for industrial engineers?	What are some certification courses and softwares for industrial engineers?	What do the Chinese think of Russia?	What do Chinese people think about Russia? What is the image of Russia in China?	Is there anything which moves faster than light in the world?	Is there something that travels faster than light?	Can I take Pepto Bismol while breastfeeding?	Can you take Pepto-Bismol while breastfeeding? Why or why not?	How does the crowdfunding system work?	How does crowdfunding work? How can we arrange crowdfunding for movies?	Why doesn't anyone answer my questions on here?	Why doesn't anyone reply to my questions on Quora?	How can someone get more Facebook friends?	How do I get more friends on Facebook?	What are the disadvantages of oil energy? What are the advantages?	What are the advantages and disadvantages of oil as an energy source?	How I can remove my hesitation?	How can I remove my hesitation?	How can I attract women?	How can I attract a girl that I like?	What is your dream car?	Which one would be your dream car?	How you become more creative?	How can I become artistic and creative?	Why are iPhones so expensive compared to other good smartphones?	Why are iPhones expensive comparing to other mobile brands?	How can I find who is calling me from a restricted number?	A stranger miscalled me from the private number. How do I find out his number? Is there any free stuff which can help me?	What are the top things to do in Barcelona?	What are the best things to do in Barcelona?	How do you know if your girlfriend has an affair?	How do you know when your partner is cheating?	Why do some people worship celebrities and famous people? Why do people love celebrities?	Why do people worship celebrities?	What is your favorite vodka?	What is your favorite vodka drink and why?	How do I learn to speak Hindi?	How should I learn Hindi?	Is it easy to learn java?	Is Java easy to learn?	What are the major reasons for the prevalence of child labour parts of the world?	What are the main reasons for the prevalance of child labour in various parts of world?	Why are transition metals good catalysts?	Why are transition metals used as catalysts?	What are the best books on atheism?	What are the most interesting books on the side of atheism?	What are some good UK universities in computer science?	What university would you recommend in the UK for Computer Science?	Why do similar charges repel each other and opposite charges attract each other?	Why do like charges repel and opposite charges attract?	What's the best way to stop procrastinating?	What is the best way to kill procrastination?	What made Tata group chairman Cyrus Mistry to quit?	Why Cyrus Mistry has been removed from Tata Group?	Is Donald Trump really a Democrat?	Is it possible that Donald Trump is in cahoots with Hillary Clinton?	What are the options for a chemical engineer after B.tech?	What are the career opportunities after finishing chemical engineering?	What are some good sites for learning Python?	What are the best learning sites for Python?	How do you start a hedge fund?	How can I start a hedge fund after college?	Is Kapil Sharma married?	Has Kapil sharma really married?	Are there any other Cleganes in Westeros?	Are there any other Cleganes in the world?	Which fruit contains fat?	What fruits contain fat?	Do you have an imaginary friend? What is your story?	Do you have any imaginary friends?	How do we time travel?	Is time travel theoretically possible?	What are some CV worthy online Digital Marketing courses?	Digital Marketing colleges in India?	Has anybody run the MEEP software on a Windows platform?	How do I install and use MEEP software on a Windows PC?	What was the main cause of World War One?	What is the real reason for World War One?	What is it like to work with Aaron Sorkin?	What's it like to work with Aaron Sorkin?	What are your new year resolutions for 2017?	What will be your new year resolution for 2017 and your plan of execution?	What are requirements to become a ethical hacker?	How do I become a ethical hacker?	What book should you read before you die?	Can anyone enlist the 'must read' books before you die?	Will international college students be negatively affected if Trump becomes president?	Will the Trump factor affect the admission of international students in the USA?	How do I improve my English language?	How can I increase my English fluency?	How does Russian politics affect Australia and New Zealand?	How do Russian politics and geostrategy affect Australia and New Zealand?	Is Klopp overrated?	Is Jurgen Klopp an overrated manager?	How do you build your own computer?	How do I start building a computer?	How can I get into a good college?	How do I get into a really good college?	How do I overcome my pornography addiction?	How did you overcome porn addiction?	How does Quora determine how many views an answer gets?	How are the number of views on Quora counted?	What GMAT self-prep book is the best for the test?	Which is the best GMAT self-prep book for 2016?	What is Bitcoin? Is it legal in India?	Is Bitcoin legal in India?	What is the difference between a psychologist and a psychiatrist?”?	What is the difference between psychologist and psychatist?	What do you think is wrong with Indian schools and education?	What is wrong with the current indian education?	Who is the overall most popular Game of Thrones character?	Who is the most popular character in the Game of Thrones series?	How can I gain weight on my body?	What should I eat to gain weight?	What are the causes of the fall of the Roman Empire?	What were the most important causes and effects of the fall of the Roman Empire?	What are the best new car products or inventions that most people don't know about?	What are some mind-blowing vehicles tools that exist that most people don't know about?	What happens if you put milk in a coffee maker?	What would happen if I put milk instead of water in my automatic drip coffee maker?	Will the next generation of parenting change or stay the same?	What kind of parents will the next generation have?	What are some outfit ideas to wear to a frat party?	What are some outfit ideas wear to a frat themed party?	Why is Manaphy childish in Pokémon Ranger and the Temple of the Sea?	Why is Manaphy annoying in Pokemon ranger and the temple of the sea?	How does a long distance relationship work?	How are long distance relationships maintained?	What does Jainism say about homosexuality?	What does Jainism say about Gays and Homosexuality?	Do you believe there is life after death?	Is it true that there is life after death?	