What do non-native speakers find most difficult about learning English?	What is most difficult thing about learning English for non-native speakers?
What is the best age to tell your kid that he's adopted?	When do parents usually tell their kids they are adopted? If at all?
Which are the best YouTube channels that should be subscribed?	What are some best YouTube channels?
Where is the proof of alien life?	What evidence is there to support the existence of alien life?
What are the best books to learn advance c++?	Which are the best books to learn C++?
Why are Youtube videos not playing? How can I fix this?	Why is my YouTube video not showing? How can I fix it?
Why do long distance relationships fail?	How are long distance relationships maintained?
What is best free wordpress theme?	What is the Best Free Wordpress Theme for Bloggers?
What is an easy way make money online?	What is the easiest way to earn money using internet?
If I can find all answers on Google then why should one use Quora?	Why should we use Quora when we can Google everything?
Why doesn't Quora support emoji?	Why doesn't Quora update to support emojis?
Height: How would a 14 year old increase his height?	How do I increase my height?
How can I learn Chinese?	How can I learn Mandarin?
What is the best story you have?	What are some of the best stories?
What was a Yeoman during the Middle Ages?	What role did a Yeoman have during the Middle Ages?
What is your opinion on PM Narendra Modi's decision to ban INR 500 and INR 1000 notes?	What do you think is the reason for PM Modi’s instant decision to ban ₹500 and ₹1000 notes?
What are some extremely early signs of pregnancy?	What are the common first signs of pregnancy? How can I tell if I'm pregnant? What are the symptoms?
What are some great movies to watch?	What are your favorite movies and why?
How do you log in to Facebook if you forgot your password?	I forgot my Facebook email and password how can I log in?
What are the steps to build a successful business?	What are the steps to develop a business?
What is the best Mac laptop for electrical engineering?	What is the best Apple laptop for an electrical engineering student?
Is America still the land of the free and the home of the brave?	Can America still call itself land of the free (see notes)?
How do I convince my wife to let me have anal sex with her?	What's the best way for me to convince my girlfriend to let me have anal sex with her?
Question what is string theory?	What is string theory?
What is the best weight gain treatment for gaining weight?	What is the best way for underweight to gain weight?
What are some analogies for wave-particle duality?	What are some analogies you can demonstrate for wave-particle duality?
How can I increase the traffic to my website?	How can I Increase the traffic of my blog?
What are the issues associated with creating new provinces in Pakistan?	Write short notes on issue of new provinces in pakistan?
What is your creative New Year's resolution for 2017?	What are your new year resolutions for 2017?
How do I write a QBASIC program for multiples of 9?	How do I write a program for multiples of 9 in QBASIC?
How do I best way to get over an ex?	What is the best way to get over your ex?
How do you log out of Quora?	How do I log out in Quora?
What would a nudist world be like?	What would the world be like if everyone was a nudist?
How can I solve quartic equations?	How do I solve a quartic equation?
What should I write in my first introduction e-mail to my prospective PhD supervisor to guarantee a positive reply?	What should not be missed in my first e-mail to a prospective PhD supervisor?
What does the iPhone icon with lock and arrow mean?	What is the lock symbol button on my iPhone 4?
How can I convert PSD to HTML perfectly?	How do I convert PSD to HTML?
What is the scope for electrical engineer in Mumbai?	What is the scope for electrical engineer in Mumbai for his core subject?
How can I lose fat without doing any aerobic physical activity?	How can I lose weight fast without exercise?
How can I learn autocad from home?	How do I learn Autocad from home?
What Deve Gowda did for the country when he was prime minster of India?	What has Deve Gowda done as the PM of India?
What are the most effective nootropic products out there?	What are the best or most effective nootropics or smart drugs?
Why are citations so important in the academic research world?	Why is referencing important in academic writing? What are some examples?
How does one improve English?	What can I do to improve my English Grammar?
Which is the best Whirlpool Repair center in Hyderabad?	What is the best Whirlpool repair center in hyderabad?
What are some examples of poems with 3 stanzas?	What are some examples of poem with 3 stanzas?
How should I study maths for IIT JEE?	How did you prepare maths for JEE?
What is your job and your salary? Are you satisfied with your current job?	Are you satisfied with your salary on your current job?
What determines answer views?	How does Quora count views?
What is the real meaning of Success?	What is real meaning of success?
What is your favorite city in the world and why?	What is your favorite city?
Is there a way to find out if an email you sent was read?	How can one track whether sent email was read?
How long does meth say in your urine?	How long does meth stay in a persons blood?
How can I tell if she likes me?	How would I know if she likes me?
What will President-Elect Donald Trump do in his first 100 days in office?	What will President-elect Trump's priorities be in his first 100 days in office?
When was first electric train invented?	When was the electric train invented and how was it invented?
Does Donald Trump only care about himself?	Does Donald Trump care about making the lives of his supporters better?
How can I improve my critical reading skills?	What are some ways to improve critical reading and reading comprehension skills?
How do I talk less?	How do I learn to talk less?
How do I post a question in Quora?	How do I place my first question on Quora?
Which is the funniest Sheldon Cooper moment?	What would be your pick for the top 3 Sheldon Cooper moments?
Why some Quora users are able to write details in more characters? When I try to write there is not enough space and I need to put additional comment	How do I write more details in a Quora question?
What if my girlfriend still talks to her ex?	What should I do if my girlfriend talks to her ex?
To what extent were the Axis powers able to break Allied codes during WWII?	Did Germans break the allies military codes during WWII?
How do I post a question in Quora?	How do I write a post Quora?
How do I get to know my crush better?	How do I get to know my crush?
What is the best way to give presentation?	How can I give a good presentation?
How would you describe your life before and after using Quora?	How is life before and after Quora?
Are there any instructions on how to wash a pillow pet?	How do you wash a Pillow Pet? Can it go in the dryer?
What are the reasons of why my washing machine won't spin water out?	What should I do if my washing machine won't spin?
Can you tell if someone else has logged into your Instagram account?	Can I tell if someone logs into your Instagram account?
What's your opinion about the decision on removal of 500 and 1000 rupees currency notes?	What are your views on PM Modi's decision on discontinuing 500 & 1000 rs notes?
How do I add content on Quora?	How do I add content under a title at Quora?
How can I improve in English?	How can I improve my spoken English?
What is the meaning of life? Whats our purpose on Earth?	What according to YOU is the purpose of life?
What should I do to overcome my past?	How can I overcome my past?
What will be Hillary Clinton's strategy for India if she becomes US President?	What would be Hillary Clinton's foreign policy towards India if elected as the President of United States?
Do the new notes in India need the GPS chip?	Do the new ₹2000 notes really have GPS chips or something similar?
Are there any upcoming meetups in Bangalore?	Are there any upcoming Quora meetups in Bengaluru?
How can I overcome the habit of procrastination?	How do I stop my bad habit of procrastination?
Why is India performing bad in Olympics?	Why India fails to get medals in Olympics?
How do I lose weight?	How can I lose weight slowly and naturally?
Who would make good Democratic candidates for the 2020 presidential election?	Who are the likely Democratic candidates to run in 2020?
What is the best photo of corruption?	Photo best describes the corruption of the government?
When does the iPhone 7 come out?	When is the iPhone 7 coming out?
How is it to live and work in Singapore for an American or an European?	What is it like to live in Singapore as an American?
How do white people who believe that white privilege exists really know it exists? What experience made you realize white privilege exists?	Why do people think white privilege exists?
What was/were the reason/s behind the decline of the Indus Valley civilization?	Which is one current theory on the reason for the decline of the Indus Valley civilization?
What are some mind blowing drones that most people don’t know about?	What are some mind blowing drones that most people don't know?
How do I get interest in C language and start coding?	How should I get started with c language?
What are some cool German names like Uber for a company?	What are some cool German words like uber for companies?
Does the invention of musical notation influence music itself?	How did the invention of musical notation influence music itself?
How can I gain weight on my body?	How can I gain healthy weight and mass?
How can you tell the difference between an INTP and an INTJ?	What is the difference between an INTJ and an INTP?
What is the difference between missile and rocket?	What is the difference between a Rocket and a Missile?
What is the easiest way to make a little money online?	What are the easiest ways to earn money online?
What are examples of cell organelles?	What are examples of organelles?
How do you not waste time on the internet?	How do I cut back on how much time I waste on the internet?
What is the best programming language for a beginner?	What's a good and easy programming language to learn?
Should the Indian education system be revamped?	Should the education system be changed in India? If so why or why not?
What is going on with the star KIC 8462852?	What is your opinion on the star KIC 8462852?
Which are the best field in civil engineering in USA?	Which field is best to do masters in civil engineering in USA?
How can I become the dictator of India?	How can one become the dictator of India?
Which is the best QuickBooks data recovery support number in New York?	Which is the best QuickBooks Tech Support Number in Texas?
What are the new torrent download sites?	What are some torrent downloading sites?
What are the best e-learning platforms for education?	What are the best e-learning websites?
How can I hack Facebook?	How can I hack a Facebook account?
How much ram do you need for video gaming on the PC?	How much RAM do I really need for gaming?
What does a black koi fish tattoo mean?	What are the meanings of different Koi fish tattoo colors?
How do we live a happy life?	How do I get success in life?
What does it take to be a good coder?	How can I be a better coder?
What is a zero sum game?	What is a zero-sum game?
How do I increase breast size and shape naturally?	How the women breast size increases?
What is the best book to learn Angular 2?	Which is the best book to learn Angular 2?
How do I obtain a spiritual counselor from my local parish?	How does one get a spiritual director/counselor at their local parish?
What happens if you do not brush your teeth?	What happens when you don't brush your teeth ever?
What do I have to do to relax during sex?	How can I relax to enjoy sex?
What are some examples of experimental studies in a case study?	What are some examples of case studies?
Why India is against CPEC?	Why does India oppose CPEC?
What do you think will be the effect of Modi Government's decision of invalidating the RS 500 and RS 1000 notes?	Don't you think Modi will repeal decision to ban 500 and 1000 notes as it will cause high inconvenience?
How do I start preparing for IES?	How I start preparation of ies?
Why is glass called a super-cooled liquid?	How can glass be called as a super cooled liquid?
How do I get rid of cellulite from my lower body? What kind of physical activity helps?	How can I get rid of cellulite on my stomach?
Are there any good online astrologers? Please tell	Are there any most notable and good online astrologers?
Who is the most pathetic Bollywood actor/actress?	Who has the most pathetic acting skills in Bollywood according to you?
Why didn't the US take more of Mexico?	Why didn't the USA take more land from Mexico in 1848 as shown in this map?
What is the typical beginner's salary in Germany for an electrical engineer (Master) from one of the TU-9?	What is the typical beginner's salary in Germany for a mechanical engineer (Master) from TU?
How can I improve my communication skills specially pronunciation skill?	How can I improve my communication effectively?
How do I contact a real hacker?	Where can I find a good hacker?
How do you treat inflammation of the mouth with small ulcers?	How can I treat and cure oral ulcers?
Has history been scientifically tested?	Have ancient civilizations been scientifically tested?
Is it possible to make a car run on water?	Is there a car engine that could run on water?
How do I turn someone down nicely?	How do you nicely turn down someone who is too old for you?
How will Hillary Clinton's pneumonia diagnosis affect her presidential campaign?	How will Clinton's near-collapse at the 9-11 ceremony affect her chances of being elected in November?
What does it feel like to get old?	What does it feel like to be old?
How do I delete my account from this site?	How do I delete my account at Quora?
Do you think PM Modi is afraid of attending the parliament and answering harsh questions after taking such an unplanned move?	Why is PM Modi not attending the Parliament?
How does one move on?	How can I move in my life?
What are the main causes of global warming?	What are factors that stimulate global warming? How can they be fought?
What's Linux?	What is Linux?
What's satire?	What are the satirical definitions of satire?
Which is the best book of maths for preparation of iit - jee?	Which maths book are good for IIT JEE preparation?
What is the effect of baddebt on Indian economy?	What is the effect of bad debt on Indian economy?
What are the best exercises to burn belly fat?	What are ways to lose belly fat?
What are some examples of genes?	What are some examples of gene?
How do I speak English properly and confidently?	How do I speak fluent English with confidence?
What are the good options for mobile phones under 15000?	Which are best mobile phones to buy under 15000?
How do I lose weight ayurvedically?	How do I lose weight from 70 to 50?
How do I make my website SEO friendly?	How do I make a website SEO friendly?
How do you sign on to iCloud?	How should you sign into iCloud?
Can time travel ever be possible?	Time Travel Is It Possible?
What is the difference between sweatshirt and jacket?	What's difference between sweatshirt and jacket?
How can can I delete my yahoo email account?	What are some ways to delete my Yahoo Mail account?
What is the difference between sociology and psychology?	Difference between sociology and psychology?
How so I ask questions on Quora?	How do I post something in Quora?
What are some of the best pilot training institutes for commercial training in India?	Which is the best pilot training academy in India?
Should public money be spent on art?	Should the Arts support themselves instead of public money being spent on supporting them?
What are the jobs for me after completing master's in economics?	What is future prospect after MA in economics?
Why does Quora have so many questions about air planes and fighter jets?	Why are so many Quora questions about airplanes and flying?
How did you feel when you had sex for the first time?	What does having sex for the first time feel like?
What's your opinion on Indian Prime Minister Modi's new policy about illegalization of 500 and 1000 currency notes?	What do you think of Prime Minister Narendra Modi's decision to introduce new INR 500 and INR 2000 currency notes?
How should I improve my writing skill for blogging?	What is the best way to improve my writing skills?
I'm overweight. How can I begin to lose weight?	How can I lose an extreme amount of weight?
Do you believe Donald Trump can make America great again?	How will Trump make America great again?
Which is the best laptop to buy above ₹25000 and below/upto ₹30000?	Which is the best laptop I can buy in india for Rs.25000-30000?
Injustice: What percentage of American prisoners are serving unjust sentences?	What percentage of American prisoners are serving unjust sentences?
How is an ionic compound formed?	How is an an ionic compound formed?
What is it like to fly with Ryanair?	What is it like flying on Ryanair?
What are some signs of life on other planets?	Is there any evidence of life on other planets?
Is there any product that can prevent ring around the collar on mens shirt?	How do you remove ring around the collar from shirts?
How can I learn to make observations and conclusions like sherlock holmes?	How do I learn to observe people like Sherlock Holmes?
What will be the impact of banning Rs. 500 and Rs. 1000 on the Indian economy?	1000 and 500 notes have been banned in Indian. What will be the short and long term impact of this?
Did the CIA have anything to do with John F. Kennedy's assassination?	Was CIA behind assassination of John F Kennedy?
Who is the best Canadian web hosting provider with cloud web hosting?	Could you recommend decent Canadian web hosting services?
What does “kitten my swole on” mean?	What does "kitten my swole on" mean?
What are Salesforce's marketing tactics?	What are Salesforce marketing tactics?
What are other question-asking websites like Quora?	Are there any websites that has similar functions as Quora?
How do paintings like The Scream sell at really high prices?	How do paintings sell at high prices?
How do I lose 7kgs in 2 weeks?	How can I lose weight quickly in 2 weeks?
What percentile do I need to score to get calls from IIMs?	What score should I get on the CAT to get into an IIM?
Where can I found best quality floor tile collections in Sydney?	Where can I found different types of floor tile collection in Sydney?
How do you know if you are in love with your crush?	How do you know if you're in love with someone and might only be denying the fact to yourself?
What determines a mans penis size?	What factors determine penis size?
How should I improve my English speaking and writing skills?	What are the best ways to improve my writing skills in English.?
What's Balaji Vishwanathan's take on banning 500 and 1000 Rs. currency?	What do you think about RBI's new move of banning 500 and 1000 notes?
How can I improve my pronunciation of English words?	How can I improve my pronunciation in English?
What is the QuickBooks technical support phone number in New York?	What are the best intuit quickbooks support plans?
What are the best movies to watch in Hollywood?	What are the best movies of Hollywood?
What's your New Year's resolution for 2017?	What would be your New Year resolutions for 2017?
What are best job portals in india?	What are some of the best job listing portals for media/content related jobs in India?
Why am I getting bored?	Why am I bored?
Which is the best time of the day to have fruits and which of them?	What is the best time of the day to eat fruits?
What books have you read numerous times?	What book have you read multiple times?
Why do escalators have brushes on their sides?	What are the brushes for on escalators?
What's the history behind US rank insignia?	What is the history of each US military officer and warrant officer's insignia?
What are some inspirational books for students?	Which are the most inspirational books for students?
Why do eggs go bad if left out of the fridge?	How do eggs go bad in the fridge?
What are some of the best examples of phrases the expert in anything was once a beginner?	What are some of the best examples of phrase "the expert in anything was once a beginner"?
How do I improve my aptitude and reasoning skills?	How do I improve my aptitude and thinking skills?
Why is India failing so miserably in the 2016 Rio Olympics?	Who should be blamed for the poor performance of India in Rio Olympics?
Many people say Islam is a religion of peace. Do you agree or disagree?	Is Islam a religion of peace?
What are some good ways to lose weight?	What is a good diet to lose weight?
What is the best way to reduce weight?	What's the best plan to lose weight?
I've gained belly through years of inactivity how do I get rid of it?	How get can I rid of belly fat?
How do I reduce my weight?	How can I efficiently lose weight?
Where can I get the second edition of Alan V. Oppenheim's "Signals & Systems?	Where can I get the second edition of Alan V. Oppenheim's "Signals & Systems" PDF?
What are considered the best movies about the Holocaust?	What are some best movies about the holocaust?
Can you see who who viewed your videos on Instagram?	Is there app to see who viewed your pictures on Instagram?
What are the steps to become an IAS officer?	What steps are to be taken to become an IAS officer?
What are non examples of proteins?	What are non-examples of proteins?
What is the scope of digital marketing in India in the future?	Wat will be the future of digital marketing in india?
How does ISIS get its money?	How is ISIS funded and how do they operate?
Why didn't the United States take all Mexico when it had the opportunity?	Why didn't the USA take more land from Mexico in 1848 as shown in this map?
What is the reason behind abrupt removal of Cyrus Mistry?	Why did the Tata Sons sacked Cyrus Mistry?
What are the best erotic movies?	What are some of the best erotic movies (any language)?
When will a working nintendo 3DS emulator release ?	Is there a working Nintendo 3DS emulator for PC?
How can I learn java for android development?	Where can I learn Java for Android development?
What is lacking in Indian education?	What does Indian education lack?
Do the Rothschild family own the RBI?	Do the Rothschild family own the RBI ?
What's Bihar famous for?	What is Bihar popular for?
How do you explain the existence of god when there is so much unjust suffering in the world?	How can God exist when there's so much poverty and cruelty in the world?
What are remedies to get rid of belly fat?	How get can I rid of belly fat?
What is the best way to increase my book sales?	How can I increase book sales?
What is the best way to charge my iPhone?	How do I charge an iPhone?
How does a website help your business grow?	How does a website help you to grow your business?
What is the best thing to learn in software development?	What is the most important thing you learned in software development?
Was cutting of the right hand thumb of Ekalavya by Dronacharya ethical?	Mahabharata (Hindu epic): How do you justify Dronacharya asking Ekalavya to cut his thumb off?
How do you get a book published?	How can I get my first book published?
What should I do to get away from boredom?	How can I overcome boredom?
How important were the INR 500 & INR 1000 notes to an average person?	How will scrapping the INR 500 and INR 1000 currency notes affect the daily lives of Indians?
How can I make Oreo crumbs?	What is the easiest way to make Oreo cookie crumbs?
How do I score good marks in 12 PCM board exam?	How can we score excellent marks in class 12th board exams?
Is it justified for a country to spend millions on missiles when billions are still struggling in poverty?	Why does India spend billions in defense when there is poverty?
How can we live a stress-free life?	How can I live a tension free life?
How does a stronger dollar and higher interest rate affect gold prices and why?	What does a rate hike have to do with the US dollar and how does that then affect gold prices?
Why isn't there a directory for cell phone numbers?	How can you get a list of cell phone numbers and names?
How can I apply to join Accenture?	What is the recruitment process of Accenture?
What do I need to do to get into MIT?	What should I do to get into MIT (undergrad)?
What are the best new features of Ubuntu 16.04 LTS Xenial Xerus?	What are new features of Ubuntu 16.04 compared to 15.10?
How would a Trump presidency affect schools accessibility for international students?	Is Donald Trump a threat for international students?
How should one start learning Python programming for electronics applications?	How should I start learning Python for Data Science?
Can STDs be transmitted via oral sex?	Can you get any std from oral sex?
How many times should you wash your hair?	How often should you wash your hair?
How can I know if my girlfriend is the right one for me?	How do you know if a girlfriend is right for you?
What are the most significant achievement of Mr. Ajay Chandrakar as a Chhattisgarh State Panchayat and Rural Development Minister?	What is the biggest achievement of Mr. Ajay Chandrakar as a Chhattisgarh State Panchayat and Rural Development Minister?
How can I enhance my English writing skills?	How do I improve my English writing ability?
Which mobile is best under Rs 8000 with good camera and good performance?	Which mobile is the best under Rs 8000 with a good camera and a good performance?
How could I improve my English?	What are the best ways to improve English?
What's the best plan to lose weight?	What are the best simple ways to loose weight?
How can I improve my pronunciation in English?	How can I improve fluency in English?
What is the meaning and purpose to life?	What is the meaning of "Life"?
How can I be more social as an introvert?	How can I become more social if I am an introvert?
What is the reason behind replacing cyrius mistry from Tata sons?	Why did Tata group fire Cyrus Mistry from chairman post?
Where can I get best legal support for property transaction in Sydney?	Where can I get knowledgeable assistance for transfer of property in Sydney?
How does Weapon Silencers work?	How do silencers work?
What is that which you do best in life?	What did you do best in life?
Do foil bags explode under heat?	Do foil sealed bags explode during sea shipping due to heat?
What are the best IAS coaching institutes in Delhi?	What are best IAS coaching in Delhi?
How do I become a penetration tester?	As a fresher How can I be the penetration tester?
Why is rice bran oil considered to be bad for you?	What is rice bran oil? Why is rice bran oil bad?
Is there any way to reduce eye numbers?	What is the best ways to reduce eyes numbers?
What is the most funny joke you have ever heard?	What is the funniest joke you have ever read heard or listened?
What are the best books to learn c programing language?	Which is the best book for learning C for Beginners?
What are the advantages and disadvantages of upgrading software?	What are some advantages of upgrading software?
What is the meaning of the word 'meaning'?	What is the meaning of 'meaning'?
Modi's announcement on banning 500 and 1000 currency notes. How would it affect economy?	What will be the effects of demonitizing 500 and 1000 rupees notes in Indian economy?
How exactly does banning Rs 500 and Rs 1000 notes curb the problem of black money?	Will the decision to demonetize 500 and 1000 rupee notes help to curb black money?
How do I tell if a girl I sit next to likes me?	I'm a girl how do I know if a girl likes me?
Does implementation of uniform civil code effect funeral rites of religion? And how about religious education?	What are the pros and cons of implementing a uniform civil code in India?
Why did Donald Trump win the election?	How did trump win the presidential election?
How do I become fluent in French?	How can I become fluent in French?
What good movie is thereto watch?	Which are some good movies to watch?
How can I stop procrastination?	What's the best way to stop procrastination?
Who would win in a fight between Juggernaut and Hulk?	Who would win: the Juggernaut or the Hulk?
Life: What's the point of it all?	What's the point of life?
What was time before the Big Bang?	Was there time before the big bang?
How can I improve my English skills in communication and writing?	How can I improve my communication skills and writing skills?
How do you decide what career is best for you?	How do you decide on the career you want?
What are the safety precautions on handling shotguns proposed by the NRA in Florida?	What are the safety precautions on handling shotguns proposed by the NRA in Pennsylvania?
Are you a fan of One Piece?	Are you crazy for One Piece?
How could you hack someone’s mobile phone?	How can we hack a phone?
How do I start to have sex?	How do I start sex?
Which is ranbir kapoor's best movie?	Which is the best Ranbir Kapoor movie and why?
Why is 500 and 1000 rupee notes discontinued?	Why did GOI demobilise 500 and 1000 rupee notes?
Where is Castilian Spanish spoken and how is it different from Latin American Spanish?	How different are Spanish dialects spoken throughout Latin America and Spain?
How can a foreigner get permanent resident permit in US?	What are the ways to get a Permanent Resident in USA?
What is the best series finale TV program you have ever seen?	What are the TV series with perfect endings?
What is the best cab service in mumbai?	What are the best cab rental in Mumbai?
Where and how do the crop circles get generated?	What is a crop circle?
What are some good and short (30–90 days) distant learning course for fashion design in India?	What are some good and short (30–90 days) distant learning courses for fashion designing in India?
What are the major muscles in the body?	What are the main muscles of the body?
What is the wildest thing you ever did?	What is the wildest and amazing thing that you have ever done?
How do you cook turkey?	What are some ways to cook a 25-pound turkey?
What would a nuclear detonation look like in space?	What would be like a nuclear blast in space?
Do we have any trick to know who see your whatsapp profile?	How do I know who viewed my WhatsApp display pic?
How can I publish my own book?	How do I publish a novel?
Which porn actress have sexiest curves?	Which porn actress have cutest beauty curves?
What is your view/opinion about surgical strike by the Indian Army?	What world nations think about the surgical strike on POK launch pads and what is the reaction of Pakistan?
Is losing weight possible without hitting the gym like a maniac?	Is it possible to loose weight without hitting the gym?
What's the greatest advertisement you've ever seen?	What is the most impressive advertisement you have ever seen?
What are some day to day tips for saving water?	What are some tips to save water?
Is nationalism brainwashing?	Is nationalism inherently wrong?
How can I slowly lose weight?	How can I lose 10 Kilos?
Are there any torrents working in India right now?	Which torrent sites are working in India as of now(September 2016)?
What lessons do you think you should learn from Game Of Thrones for using them in real life?	What life lessons can we learn from Game of Thrones?
What should I do to improve my English ?	How To speak English Fluently ?
Is it true that the Rothschilds funded ISIS?	Is it true that ISIS has been created and funded by the west?
What was the main cause of World War One?	What were the causes for World War 1?
Does having a calm or cool demeanor gives you an edge to be a good sporting shooter?	Does having a calm or cool demeanor give you an edge to be a good sporting shooter?
Which country has the most attractive girls?	Which country has the most beautiful girls? Why?
Can Daenerys Targaryen be the final villain of Game of thrones?	Do you think Daenerys Targaryen will become the villain in Game of Thrones?
Xiaomi Redmi note 4 release date in India?	When is Xiaomi releasing Redmi note 4 in India?
Where are the Jain hostels (hostels meant particularly for Jain students) located in Delhi?	Where are the Jain hostels (hostels meant particularly for Jain girl students) located in Delhi?
Why do men like sex more than women?	Why do men seem to like sex more than most women?
Moms: what can you write to your moms to cheer her up?	Moms: What can I write to my mom to cheer her up?
Are nihilist atheists?	Are all nihilist atheists?
Why doesn't my question show up in my profile?	Why doesn't my question show up in my profile and how come I don't receive notifications on answers?
Why does Quora constantly tell me to edit a draft after I've written an answer?	Why does Quora always tell me that my answers need to be re-edited?
What are rural and urban areas? How are they different?	How does a rural and an urban area differ?
Do you think Hillary Clinton will be president?	Why should Americans elect Hillary Clinton as president?
Where do I find 3ds emulator for android?	Is there a legal way to get a 3DS emulator for the PC?
What is the best way to prolong the service life of a glass furnace?	How can we prolong The Service Life Of Glass Furnace?
Why do people hate Apple?	Why do people hate the Apple (Inc.) brand?
What is the best feeling in this world?	What is one of the best feelings in the world?
What are some creative birthday present ideas for my girlfriend?	Any creative birthday present ideas for a girlfriend?
What are some examples of figures of speech?	What are the figures of speech and their examples?
Who is Elon Musk? Why is there so much talk about him?	Who is Elon Musk and why does everyone keep talking about him?
Is binary options trading a scam?	Are binary options all just a big scam?
Are vertical angles adjacent?	How can vertical angles be adjacent?
How exactly does banning Rs 500 and Rs 1000 notes curb the problem of black money?	How effective is scrapping 500 and 1000 rupee notes? Will it reduce black money?
What are some examples of statutory law?	What are statutory laws? What are some example?
What will happen to expats living in EU countries after Brexit?	What will happen to British expats living in the EU if Britain decided to leave the EU?
What us the best things to do in college life that we wouldn't want to miss?	What is the best things to do in college life that we wouldn't want to miss?
Is it practically possible to get pregnant without sexual intercourse or penetration?	How is it possible to become pregnant without intercourse?
What is the best method of studying?	How can I improve my studying?
Is Tony Robbins fake?	Is Tony Robbins a scam or con artist?
Does America have internet censorship?	Is there internet censorship in America?
Where can I get a legal wholesale provider of Apple iPhone 7 Plus worldwide?	Where can I get a legal wholesale provider of Apple iPhone 7 worldwide to accept the payment list by WU?
What is selective breeding used for?	What is selective breeding?
What are reasons why people change their gender?	Why do people decide to change their gender? What does 'identifying with the other gender' really mean?
Why MS Dhoni left captaincy of limited overs?	Why did MS Dhoni leave the captaincy of ODI and T20?
Is scrapping old 500 and 1000 rupees notes and releasing new 500 and 2000 rupees notes a permanent solution for eradication of black money?	How does banning 500 & 1000 rupee notes solve black money problem?
Why do people ask question on Quora that can be easily and definitively answered by Googling?	Why do some people ask questions on Quora that could be asked directly to a search engine ?
How will I contact a good hacker?	Where can I hire an email hacker?
How do you get more followers on Quora?	How do I get more Quora followers?
What should I do to reduce weight?	How can I efficiently lose weight?
How many atheists are here on Quora?	How many atheists are there on Quora?
How is Italian leather manufactured that makes it so expensive?	Why is Italian leather better than other types of leathers?
Will Hillary Clinton go to jail?	Why is Hillary Clinton not in jail after all the allegations of crimes?
What are the pros and cons of converting from Ubuntu to Linux mint?	Why do you use Linux Mint?
How do web apps with lots of users developed with Ruby on Rails perform?	Does Ruby on Rails scale?
Is it possible to get a long distance ex back?	Long distance relationship: How to win my ex-gf back?
I have a one page website. Can I use SEO on it?	Is it possible to do SEO on a one page website?
What do I need to do if I want to live beyond the age of 100 years old?	How should one go about living to 100 years old?
Why did a black woman tell me white people living in ghettos in South Africa are all responsible for the horrors of apartheid?	Are white people born after 1994 and living in ghettos in South Arica responsible for apartheid?
What are some of the best blogs about Java?	What are the best programming blogs about java?
What motivates you to keep moving?	What motivates you to keep moving forward regardless of the adversity?
If human beings are evolved by apes then why apes are still found everywhere?	If we evolved from apes then why are there still apes around today?
How can I lose weight without doing excercise?	How can I lose weight in a month without doing exercise?
How can the area of shaded region be calculated in the picture below?	What is the area of the shaded part?
How cloud computing works?	What is cloud computing and it's advantages?
How can we increase our sperm count?	How do I increase sperm count?
Do cranberry supplements help flush meth out of your system?	What's the best method to get meth out of your system?
How will GST boost India's economy?	How exactly is the proposed GST bill beneficial for our economy?
What does it feel like to be a middle class in India?	What is it like to be middle class in India?
What is the best way to change career?	What is the best way to change careers?
What makes Mac computers more secure than Windows?	Are Macs more secure than Windows?
Why are many Quora writers lonely and/ or unemployed?	Is Quora full of lonely and unemployed people?
What was the funniest incident you have faced?	Which is the funniest incident happened with you?
What do you think life would be like without freedom?	What would life be without freedom?
Is there anything you can take to pass a urine test for meth?	How can I pass a meth urine test in less than 24 hrs?
Why does Quora do this "marked as needing improvement?	What makes a question on Quora needing improvement?
How can I start learning data science?	How can I start learning data science and become master in it?
What books would I like if I loved A Song of Ice and Fire?	Are there books which are similar to A Song of Ice and Fire?
How can overcome the fear flying?	How can one get over a fear of flying?
Does giving Benadryl to a dog make them sleepy?	How can you give dogs Benadryl to calm them down?
What are the best cbse schools in India?	Which are the best CBSE schools in India?
What are some of the best jokes you've ever heard?	What is the best joke you've ever hear?
What are good monitors for a Macbook Pro with Retina Display?	What external monitor is best with late 2014 Macbook pro Retina 15''?
Which is the best laptop to buy under 30k in India?	Which laptop is best to buy within the range of 30000rs?
What is the ideal salary rate a person needs to earn in order to live in New York City?	How much money do I need to move to New York City?
How is Lipton Green Tea related to weight loss?	What is the correct time to take green tea for weight loss?
Is the UK better than the USA?	Which country do you think is better overall- UK or USA?
How do you measure a football field in feet?	How do you determine the dimensions of a football field in feet?
What's the difference between obesity and being overweight?	What is the difference between obesity and being overweight?
Will humans ever be without war?	Will humanity ever move beyond war?
Can time travel ever be possible?	Is timetravel possible?
Why do some special forces use bow and arrows?	Do special forces use bow and arrows?
What do you look for in a company before investing?	What are the factors to look in the company accounts before investing in their shares?
What conspiracy theories turned out to be true?	What are the best examples of conspiracy theories that turned out to be true?
Which company is the best for DSLR?	Which company makes the best DSLR?
What is it really like to work for Amazon?	What's it like working for Amazon?
How can I find my wireless network key?	How do I find the network security key?
Do you believe that Christopher Columbus was a Jew?	Was Columbus a Jew?
What are your new year resolutions for 2017?	What is your resolution for 2017?
What are some real life examples of karma?	What is karma? What are some real life examples?
How do I trace a phone call?	How can we trace any mobile's location?
What would be the best way to save money?	How can I save my money?
My cat is throwing up foamy stuff. Some of it is yellow/white. What is this and what can I do?	What can you do if your cat starts throwing up foam? Why does this happen?
Would Facebook buy Quora in the foreseeable future?	Will Facebook buy Quora soon?
Why is salt water taffy candy imported in France?	Why is saltwater taffy candy imported in Austria?
Why is Donald Trump still 'ducking' his income tax return issue?	Why doesn't Trump begin speaking the "truth" by releasing his tax returns?
How we lose belly fat india?	How do you lose belly fat?
Where can I get expert house painting service in Brisbane?	Where can I get finest residential painting job in Brisbane?
Dr J Jayalalitha was famous in Tamil Nadu. Why?	Why is J JAYALALITHA is like a God in Tamil Nadu? What is the reason behind this popularity?
Should we believe in horoscope or not?	Should one believe in the horoscope?
Can Donald Trump win?	Does Donald Trump still have a chance to become President of the United States?
How can I hack Pokemon Go?	What are some of the Pokemon go hacks?
How do you clean a dog's teeth?	What is the best way to brush my dog's teeth?
Which country is best for MS in mechanical engineering and why?	Which is the best country to pursue an MS in mechanical engineering?
Why are so many people obsessed with the flat Earth theory?	Why are there still people who think that the Earth is flat?
How can I get rid of unbearable menstrual cramps?	How can I deal with unbearable menstrual cramps?
What is a monarchy?	What is monarchy?
How do I prepare for JEE advanced exam?	How do I prepare for JEE Advanced?
What are the prerequisites for learning SAS?	What are prerequisites for learning either SPSS or SAS?
How can I control my subconscious mind most easily and proficiently?	Can I control subconscious mind?
How do you make easy money online?	What is best way to make money online?
Daniel Ek: Why spotify is not available in India for free?	Daniel Ek: When is Spotify coming to India?
How can I reduce my Belly and tummy fat?	Whats the best way to reduce belly fat?
Which MBA course I must do after computer engineering?	Which MBA should I do after computer engineering?
What is different between UI and UX?	What is the difference between UX and UI designer and web designer?
How do I become a commercial pilot in India?	What do I need to do to become a commercial pilot?
How do you see the future of aerospace industry in India?	What is future of aerospace industry in India?
Why was the holocaust so slow?	Why did the holocaust happen so slowly?
What are the chances of Donald Trump Winning the 2016 election?	What are the odds of Donald Trump winning the presidency?
I am an INTJ. What career paths are best for me?	What are some good career paths for an INTJ?
Is Jimmy Wales paid for answering on Quora?	Why does Jimmy Wales go around answering people in Quora?
Which laptop/notebook can I buy under 25k?	Which Laptop to buy under or upto Rs.25000?
What is the salary of IIT teachers?	How much salary do professors at IIT get?
How Do I get over my anger towards people who abused me?	How do I control my anger towards the people I hate?
Is reservation necessary in India?	Why do we have reservation in India? And why don't we understand it?
What are the reasons why eradication of 1000 rs and 500 rs notes?	What is the main reason behind abolishing Rs 500 and Rs 1000 notes in India?
How do I get rid of jelly belly?	How get can I rid of belly fat?
How does your height increase?	Is there any way that trough which my height will increase?
How do I make soap?	How can you make homemade soap?
What is economic change? What are some examples?	What are some examples of economic changes?
How will Hillary Clinton address poverty across the US?	Does Hillary Clinton care about poor people?
What's your favorite animal in the animal kingdom? Why?	What is your favorite animal and why?
Why do people use credit card instead of debit cards?	Why do people use credit cards?
What does it feel like to have a doctorate?	How does it feel to have a doctorate?
What is the best movie you have ever seen?	Which is the best movie you ever watched?
How can one create an app for free?	How do I create an app for free?
What is an avoidant personality disorder?	What is avoidant personality disorder (AvPD)?
What is the best way to make money as a 15 year old?	How do I make money as a 15 year old?
How do you learn big data?	What is big data? And how can I learn it?
What is the one thing that you want to change about yourself?	What is one thing you wish you could change about yourself?
What is your resolution for this year 2017?	What is your New Year resolution?
How do you view the Indian government's decision to fight "black money" by scrapping 500 rupee and 1000 rupee notes?	What are your views about governments decision to stop flow of 1000 and 500 rupee notes.?
How do I score 250+ in JEE mains?	How can I score 250+ in JEE Mains 2018?
Which is the world's largest company?	What is the world's largest company today? How so?
What are the bitter truths of going yo the US for an MS as an Indian? By Nikhil Patel	What are the sweet and bitter truths about MS in USA?
How exactly does banning Rs 500 and Rs 1000 notes curb the problem of black money?	How does banning 500 & 1000 rupee notes solve black money problem?
What are career options after graduating in electrical engineering particularly in the circuit design area?	What are career options after B.tech in Electrical engineering?
What is the best advice you ever got?	What is the best advice you've ever got on life?
How do I overcome fear of judgement?	How do I overcome the fear of judgement?
How can I implement the client side of OAuth in my Android application?	How can I implement the client side of OAuth in Android?
What is the best way to avoid people?	What's the best way to avoid people?
Why do some Italian Football players are so loyal to only one club for all of their life?	Why do many Italian football players have played only for one club during their career?
How do I become CA?	What does it take to become a CA?
Do you think it is good to recall the past?	Do you think it's good to recall the past?
What are the weirdest places where you have ever masturbated?	Life Experiences: weirdest places where you have masturbated?
Is watching porn once or twice a month a bad thing?	Is watching porn a sin?
What is the most important thing in our life?	Which is the most important thing in life?
How do I get good at English??	How I be very good in English?
Which is the reasonably good laptop under 30K INR?	What is the best laptop under 30k?
What's the easiest way to learn Java programs?	How do I learn java programming code?
How can one start creating virtual Reality content?	How do I get involved with virtual reality development?
What is maturity? Is it only the physical change?	What can be termed as maturity?
What are the safety precautions on handling shotguns proposed by the NRA in Utah?	What are the safety precautions on handling shotguns proposed by the NRA in Florida?
How do ask a girl to become a bed partner?	How do I ask a girl to be my bed partner?
What happens to our body after we die?	What will happen after we die? Does nothing happen?
What are orgasms and what is the difference between orgasms and masturbation?	What is the difference between orgasm and masturbation?
Can energy be borrowed from vacuum(to be returned immediately)? If this happens how do we know vacuum energy is real if virtual particles don't exist?	Are vacuum fluctuations energy in vacuum? Are these virtual particles? How do we know there's energy in vacuum if they didn't exist? Do they exist?
What are the best movies of the 1980s?	What is the best movie of the 1980s?
What is the most common age of Quora users?	What is the average age of active Quora users?
Can energy be borrowed from vacuum(to be returned immediately)? If this happens how do we know vacuum energy is real if virtual particles don't exist?	Do virtual particles in vacuum really exist?
How does Windows Server 2012 work?	What are uses of Windows Server 2012?
What are the safety precautions on handling shotguns proposed by the NRA in the entire U.S. including it’s territories and possessions? 2	What are the safety precautions on handling shotguns ?
From where does RBI import paper for printing Indian currency notes?	From where does RBI import paper and ink for printing Indian currency notes?
Why don’t my questions get a lot of answers?	Why don't some of my questions get a lot of answers or get any at times?
What is your favourite subject in your school? Why?	What was the reason your favourite subject in school was your favourite subject?
Why do people like Game of Thrones?	What is Game of Thrones? What is in it? Why do people watch it?
Are German Shepherds good family dogs? Why or why not?	Why are German Shepherds recommended when you have kids?
Is it worth becoming a doctor?	Is becoming a doctor worth it mentally and financially?
What should I do to stop hair fall?	What should I do for my excessive hair loss?
Is butter harmful to dogs?	How harmful is butter for dogs?
What are some of the best movies of all times I should watch (animated are welcome)?	What are the five best movies of all time?
Are boycotting Chinese products in India affects China economy?	How could boycotting China products affect India's economy?
Which is the fastest chemical reaction?	What is the fastest chemical reaction?
What is Repo rate & Reverse repo rate in India?	What is the difference between repo rate n reverse repo rate?
What is the cost of owning a ferret?	What are some costs of owning a ferret?
How do you know if you are a psychopath?	Is there any way to know if someone is a psychopath?
Does skipping increase height?	Height: How would a 14 year old increase his height?
How can I marry a rich woman?	How can I get a rich woman?
Can I use Google images in my website?	Can I download Images from other site and use it my website? Is it Legal?
How can I find happiness and confidence in my life?	How can I be happy and confident in life?
What are some of your favourite poems?	Which is your favourite poem and why?
Where can I sell my iPhone for the most cash?	Where do I sell my iPhone for more money?
Why do people ask such stupid questions on Quora?	Why do some people asked stupid questions on Quora?
What are the salaries of chemical engineers?	What is the salary of chemical engineers?
Why should i believe in astrology?	Do you believe in astrology?
What is exact reason for the conflict between Israel and Palestine?	What is the cause of conflict between Israel and Palestine?
What books should teenagers read?	What book should a teenager read?
Is it better to shave before or after you shower? Why?	When is the best time to shave - before or after your shower?
How do I earn money from the Internet?	How can I earn money online from home only?
How did Donald trump won US presidential election 2016?	How did Donald Trump win the election?
What is the best thing to do to get rid of boredom?	What are the best ways to overcome boredom?
What do Delhiites feel about AAP?	How do people in Delhi feel about the AAP?
Is now a good time to buy a Retina MacBook Pro?	Is this the right time to buy a Macbook Pro Retina?
How can I learn to sing online?	Where can I learn to sing exclusively online?
What will be the salary of IAS Officer Trainee after 7th Cpc?	What is the exact salary of I.A.S officer at beginning? According to 7th CPC?
How does one become a Michelin critic?	How does one become a Michelin "inspector" who secretly dines at and reviews restaurants?
How can we get the best grades in school?	How can I get better grades in school?
Why is Plaster of Paris called so?	Why is plaster of Paris called "plaster of Paris" and not by any other name like cement concrete?
What is the Golden Gate bridge named after?	How did the Golden Gate Bridge get its name?
What are the gym facilities in Shiv Nadar University? Is there any extra charge for it? And are their trainers in the gym?	Is there a gym in Shiv Nadar University?
How will Indian GDP be affected from banning 500 and 1000 rupees notes?	How will the ban on Rs. 1000 and Rs. 500 notes impact Indian economy?
Is university really worth it?	Is college even worth it?
What's the most embarrassing moment of your life?	Which one is the most embarrassing moment of your lift?
How will the scrapping of Rs 500 and Rs 1000 notes help in reducing black money and corruption?	How will the ban on 500 and 1000 rupee note stop black money?
Does Quora also come in Hindi?	When will Quora debut in Hindi?
Which bicycle should I buy under 10k?	What is the best bicycle to buy under 10k?
What do you think about the Indian Government policy of not circulating INR 500 and INR 1000?	What do you think of the decision by the Indian Government to replace 1000 notes with 2000 notes?
There are brilliant minds out there who change the whole context of one's questions. How can I avoid people from editing my questions on Quora?	How can I stop Quora from modifying and editing other people’s questions on Quora?
What is the main reason for Trump running for president?	Why do you think Donald Trump is running for President?
How is an artificial island created?	How are artificial islands created?
Which automation testing tool is best for mobile testing?	What tools and approaches are best for automating API testing?
How do I become a good sales representative?	How can I be good at sales?
What are some mind-blowing men wallets that exist that most people don't know about?	What are some mind-blowing safe wallets that exist that most people don't know about?
Can music get you high?	Can music get you high like a drug?
Where can I receive military training without joining the armed forces?	How can one get military training without actually joining the armed forces?
What are the greatest examples of smartest presence of mind?	What are some examples of common sense or presence of mind?
What is the biggest regret you have?	What is your worst regret in life?
How does it feel to convert your religion?	What's it like to convert to another religion?
Stephanie MacMahon: When will John Cena turn HEEL?	Will John Cena ever turn heel?
How do I get over 95% in the ICSE class 10 board exams?	How can I score a 95+ in the ICSE board exams?
How can we measure the intensity of a colour?	How can you measure the intensity of color?
What are all the companies that have software that manages user context?	What are the three companies that have software that manages user context?
Who will win this presidential elections 2016?	Who is going to win the presidential election?
How many countries are there in the world? Thanks!	How many countries are there in total?
What's the best earphones in India under 2000?	Which are the best earphones under 2000INR or 35USD?
What are some lesser known facts about PM Narendra Modi?	What are some lesser known facts/incidents related to Narendra Modi?
What would happen if moon falls on earth?	What happens if the Moon crashes into the Earth?
How can I witness a double slit experiment with single particles?	How are single particles generated/released in the modern double slit experiment so that each has a unique probability of passing through each slit?
What programming languages should be learned to become best programmer?	How many languages need for computer programming and which is the best?
Is life a marathon or a sprint?	Is life a marathon or a series of sprints?
What is the most important question to ask?	What is the most important question I should be asking?
What will be the pros and cons of the replacement of 500 and 1000 currency notes by the Indian govt.?	What are some good and bad benefits of banning 500 and 1000 rupees notes in India?
What are the essential skills to learn for a chemical engineer?	What are some essential skills that a mechanical engineer should learn?
How does Donald Trump's win affects Indian students preparing for graduate studies in US?	What does Donald Trump's victory mean for the graduate students from Islamic countries?
Which is the best Bollywood movie of 2016?	Which are the best Bollywood movies in 2016?
What's the funniest fiction book you've ever read?	What is the funniest book that you have read ever?
How do I become a funny person?	How can I become a funny person?
What's your favorite Bollywood song and why?	Which is your favorite Bollywood song and singer and why?
How can I earn money from Facebook page?	How can I earn money through a Facebook page?
Daniel Ek: When an we expect Spotify in India?	Why is Spotify not available in India?
Which is best place for visit in Dubai?	Where is the best place to visit when traveling to Dubai?
Which is the best site for the online learning?	Which is the best website for online learning?
How can I lead a healthy life?	How can you lead a healthy life?
How do you know it’s time to let someone go?	When is it the right time to let someone go?
How can I hack someone's phone messages?	How can I hack someone's phone?
Are we on the brink of a Third World War?	How close are we to world war?
What is it that you want from your life?	What you want to do in your life?
When did you first realize that you were gay/lesbian/bi?	When did you realize you were gay/lesbian/bi? How did it feel?
How can human activities have an effect on biodiversity?	What are human impacts on biodiversity?
How do I start my prepration for JEE 2018?	How do I start my JEE 2018 prepration?
Can someone explain the time space continuum in simple terms?	What is the space time continuum in simple words?
What did someone do that made you think they were really smart?	What did someone do that made you think that they were really smart?
What are the Upcoming mobiles?	Which are the upcoming mobiles?
Why can't we make a time machine?	Is it possible make time machine?
What are the best apps that gives money?	What is the best app to earn money?
Are HBS graduates mostly Republicans or Democrats?	Are Harvard Business School graduates mostly Republicans or Democrats?
How do Americans see Pakistan?	What does Americans think of Pakistan?
What is the cause of sneezing?	What are the causes of continuous sneezing?
What are some diets you can take to lose 40 pounds in 3 months?	How can you effectively lose 35 pounds in 3 months?
Why do we celebrate new year on January 1?	Why dose new year begin on January 1?
How can I find investors for my tech startup?	How can I find investors for my startup on Quora?
What is it like to date a celebrity?	What's it like to date a well-known celebrity?
How can you relate science to philosophy?	How does philosophy relate to science?
Why are constellations useful?	Why are constellations considered to be important?
How do I downvote a question?	How do I downvote a question on Quora?
Who joined the Korean war?	Why did all the countries join the Korean war?
What is your favorite rock song?	What are your favorite rock songs?
Where can I find a good photography website?	Beautiful photography websites?
Can I use Jio SIM in iPhone 5s?	Will it cause any problem if I use Jio sim in my iPhone 5s?
What might happen now that President-elect Donald Trump has won the election? What will be the impact?	What will happen to America now that Trump is president?
What's it like to be a woman?	What is it like to be a woman?
Will you marry a non-virgin girl?	Will you marry a non virgin girl?
What are some ways to think like an entrepreneur?	How should I think like an entrepreneur?
What does a blinking folder with a question mark mean on a MacBook?	What does a flashing folder with question mark mean on a Macbook?
What guarantees are there that the new 500 and 2000 INR can't be duplicated given the quality of the notes?	How safe is new Rs 500 and Rs 2000 Indian currency notes?
How should I improve my accuracy in verbal sections of CAT?	How do I improve verbal section for CAT?
Can you love two people at the same time?	İs it possible to be in love with 2 people at the same time?
What are some funny lies of Narendra Modi?	What are the funniest memes you have come across on Narendra Modi?
How is the master of data science program like in Monash University. What is the current scenario of data scientist/big data in Australia?	What are the good universities offering data science master's in Australia?
Clinton or Trump: who is a better option for the USA?	Why is Hillary Clinton a better choice than Donald Trump?
Which online shopping website is best?	Which is the best online shopping websites?
How can we work in Japan?	How can I work with Japan?
What is the best method to lose 20 pounds in 4 weeks or less?	Is there a healthy and safe way to lose about 20 pounds in a month and keep it off?
Which instrument is used to measure the earthquake?	What instrument is used to measure earthquakes?
Does drinking soda after a heavy meal help in digestion?	Will drinking Coke after food help in digestion?
What can I do in my gap year?	What do I do with my gap year?
How do I make a good and impressing presentation slide for the Maruti Suzuki recruitment process?	How do I make a good and impressing presentation slide for the Maruti Suzuki recruitment process being from mechanical engineering?
How do I ask my girlfriend to have sex?	How can I ask my girlfriend to have sex with me?
Why are people so addicted to porn?	Why do people become addicted to pornography?
Why does Apple not allow developers to write iOS applications on other operating systems?	Why does Apple make developing for iOS difficult from other platforms?
How hard is it to start a home based daycare?	What are some ways to start a daycare?
Is there any real proof of aliens?	Are there any proofs of aliens?
How can I become data scientist after doing computer scienceengineering?	How do I become data scientist after doing btech CS?
How do I learn stock market investing?	How do I learn basics of stock market?
What evidence supports life after death?	Is there any tangible evidence for life after death?
Which women have iinie outie belly button?	Which women has outie belly buttons?
I want to get above 95% in 10th class in ncert. What is right way to study?	I want to get above 95% in 10th class in ncert. What is the right way to study?
What is the best certification course to learn digital marketing?	Which is the best platform to learn online and get knowledge + certification for Digital Marketing or every course in general?
How can I get a job in UK?	How do I get a job in the UK?
Which are good Github project where novice programmer can contribute?	What's a good open source project on GitHub for beginners to contribute to?
What is Steven Spielberg's best film(s)?	What is Steven Spielberg's magnum opus?
Is it safe to visit Egypt?	Is Egypt safe to travel?
How do I download the APK from the Google Play store to a PC?	How can I download .APK files from the Playstore onto my PC?
What is the solution of Kashmir conflict?	What is the best possible solution of the kashmir issue?
Which are the best books for iit jam mathematics?	What are the best books for preparing for the IIT JAM Maths exam?
What is the main difference between veins and arteries?	What is the difference between veins and arteries?
Why do the asteroids in the asteroid belt not acrete?	Why don't the asteroids in the asteroid belt coalesce to form a planet?
How can I improve my vocabulary?	How can I increase my vocabulary?
Why do some people hate New York?	Why do people hate New York?
How do I make GIFs?	How can I make an animated GIF?
Which is the best phone to buy under 15000 INR?	Which is the best phone to buy under 15000?
What if I don't know what I want to do with my life?	What should I do if i don't know what i want to do with my life?
Is time travel possible through cosmic strings?	Is time travel theoretically possible?
What element is used to make permanent magnets?	What materials can be used for permanent magnets?
How do you earn emergency money?	How do you create an emergency fund?
Which method to use in building construction management easy and efficient?	Which is best method to use in building construction management and efficient?
Do animals have emotions and feelings?	Do animals understand emotions?
How do I gain emotional intelligence and control my emotions?	What is the best way to control our emotions?
What is the best way to buy a single share of Google stock?	How do you buy Google stock?
What side dishes should be served with Mac and cheese?	What are some examples of sides that go best with Mac and cheese?
Why electrons cannot stay inside nucleus?	Why don't electrons reside inside nucleus?
How can i make money online easily?	How can I start to make money online?
What is the difference between absolute grading and relative grading systems in universities?	What are the precise differences between the absolute and relative grading systems?
How will black money and corruption be stopped by banning 500 and 1000 notes?	How is discontinuing 500 and 1000 rupee note going to put a hold on black money in India?
What went wrong with the polling in the 2016 US presidential election?	Why did many polls and odds makers fail to correctly predict the outcome of the 2016 US Presidential Election?
How do I be super productive everyday?	How can I live productively everyday?
Why does Australia refuse accepting the legitimacy of the Arbitration on Australia's case?	Shouldn't Australia accept the legitimacy of the Tribunal as Australia regards it as Australia's international law in the world?
Why do cats hate cucumbers?	Are cats scared of cucumbers?
What is the reason behind evolution?	What is the reason behind the evolution of man?
What are the books preferred for the GATE ECE preparation?	What are some standard Books for GATE ECE?
What is a data scientist like?	What does a data scientist do?
Is there a difference between Opti-Free Replenish and Express?	What is the difference between Opti-Free Replenish and Express?
What are the best online courses available for digital business and marketing management?	Which is the best digital marketing course?
How hard is it to be a teacher?	How hard is it to be a school teacher?
Who do you think won the first presidential debate between Hillary Clinton and Donald Trump and why?	Who won the debate Hillary or Trump?
What's the best laptop for college?	What is the best laptop for college students today?
Who is your favourite architect?	Who is your favorite architect?
How do Chrome add-ons make money?	How do chrome extensions make money?
What are some examples of vertebrated animals?	What are examples of animals with vertebrates?
What will be your 2017 resolution?	What are your 2017 resolutions and why?
What are the east way to hack whatsapp?	Is there any way to hack WhatsApp using web.whatsapp?
What is an atomic clock?	How does an atomic clock work?
How do I enhance my story writing skills?	How do I improve my English writing and speaking skills?
What is international business?	What exactly is international business?
Which are the best earphones under rs1000?	Which is the best earphone under 1000 INR?
How and where can I give or suggest enhancement or improvement on Quora?	How can I give suggestion to Quora?
How can I get better at writing book reviews ? whats the best way to write	How can I get better at writing book reviews?
What do you think are the reasons of China's great economical success?	What are reasons of China's success?
How should I earn money online working from home?	How can I earn money online easily?
What day in your life did you consider to be the best day ever?	What was the best day of your life? Why?
Why do people still think the the world is flat?	How can some people still believe the world is flat?
How do I get rid of pimples on my face?	How do I get rid of face pimples?
What is the difference between realize and realise?	What's the difference between realize and realise? How do you know when to use which one appropriately?
What are the 10 coolest science facts?	What are the most fascinating science facts?
How can I improve conversation with somebody?	How do I improve conversation with everyone?
What is the dumbest question you've seen asked on Quora?	What is the dumbest question you have seen on here?
How many users did Facebook have after its first year?	How many users did facebook get in the first year?
What are your insights on how to resolve the West Philippine Sea / South China Sea dispute?	What are your insights on West Philippine Sea/South China sea dispute? How can it be resolved?
How do I delete a Skype account (permanently)?	How do I delete Skype account permanently?
What I can do to last longer during sex?	Is there anything I could do to last longer in bed? (More than 3-5 minutes)?
What are the pros and cons for colleges in using affirmative action criteria?	What are the pros and cons for students attending colleges that use affirmative action criteria?
How do you overcome a fear of flying?	How can I overcome the fear of flying things?
What is the longest word in English language?	Which is the longest word in English language?
Under what circumstances would the production possibility curve be bowed in towards the origin?	Under what circumstances would the production possibility curve bowed?
What are some mind-blowing wallets that exist in 2016 that most people don't know about?	What are some mind-blowing wallets tools that exist that most people don't know about?
How does Google Maps traffic work?	How does live traffic work on Google Maps?
How do I prepare for MHT CET 2017?	How should I prepare for MHT-CET 2017?
How can I satisfy my girlfriend with sex?	How do I satisfy a girl during sex?
What advice will you give for a person who is going to study medicine soon?	What is the advice you give for a student who is going to study medicine?
Can a dependant visa holder work in Ireland?	Can a person on dependent visa work in Ireland?
Where can I get a PPF account?	What is PPF account?
What are some animals that live in the desert?	What are examples of animals that live in the desert?
What are the best new products in technology that people don't know about?	What are the best new products or gadgets that most people don't know about?
Why we get a “runny” nose and possibly tears when we digest a spicy food?	Why do we get runny noses when we eat spicy food?
Why does Quora wants to end each question with a question mark?	Why does Quora make it mandatory to put a question mark after the end of the question? Isn't it redundant?
What does it feel while having sex?	What does it feel while one having sex?
How can I prepare myself for entrepreneurship?	How Can I prepare myself for pursuing Entrepreneurship?
How can I increase my penis?	How can I increase girth of my penis?
What programming language should I learn after C and C++?	Which programming language should I learn after learning C?
What is your review of Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them (based on J. K. Rowling's book 'Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them') (2016 movie)?	What is the review of Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them movie?
What is the first thing you notice when you meet a new person?	What is the first thing you notice on a person?
How do I learn quickly?	How do I learn with a minimal amount of time?
Should India go for war with Pakistan?	Should India declare war against Pakistan as they are spreading terrorism in India?
How can stress cause you to lose weight?	Can you explain in detail the relation between stress and gain or lose of weight?
Will Hillary Clinton go to jail for her alleged crimes?	Why could Hillary Clinton go to jail?
How much important is India-USA Relationship is to Hillary Clinton and if she become president what will be her propaganda for Foreign relationship?	What will be the Hillary Clinton's India policy if she become the president of USA?
What do you learn from porn?	What have you learned from porn?
What are the major lines of longitude?	What is the function of lines of latitude and longitude?
What are the safety precautions on handling shotguns proposed by the NRA in Arkansas?	What are the safety precautions on handling shotguns proposed by the NRA in Utah?
What is the difference between Internet marketing and digital marketing?	Is there any difference between Digital Marketing and Internet Marketing?
How do l contact a hacker?	How can I hire a hacker?
How can I make money online quickly and easily?	What is an easy way make money online?
Why was india not islamised completely and how hinduism survived close to 800 year rule of muslim rulers?	What factors were responsible for Hinduism having survived 800+ years of Muslim rule and 200 years of British rule?
Where's the good in "goodbye"?	What is the good in "goodbye"?
What's the difference between "HD ready" and "Full HD" TV?	What's the difference between HD ready and Full HD?
Which side of the bed do you sleep on and why?	What side of the bed do you sleep on?
Can I send or receive money with unverified Paypal account?	Can you send and receive money with an unverified PayPal account?
How can I track the exact location of any phone by using the phone number? Location (India)?	Can someone track our location using our phone number?
What is some advice for high-school freshman?	Do you have any advice for a high school freshman?
Can you get pregnant 16 days after your period?	Can you get pregnant 2 days before your period has ended?
Which is best place to stay and visit in Kerala?	What are the best places to visit in Kerala? What is the best way of transportation there?
How does a fluorescent light work?	How does a tube light work?
What is my puk code of mobile number 7007349099?	What is the PUK code for telephone number 575-513-0706?
Where can I get all information of small plants and trees?	Where should I get information about all small plants and trees?
What is the best home internet service provider in Chicago (without bundle)?	What is the best home internet service provider in Chicago?
What is the best evidence for the existence of aliens?	What evidence is there to support the existence of alien life?
What is strait of Gibraltar?	What is strait of Gibraltar? Who controls strait of Gibraltar?
How do you become a very good writer?	How can I become good writer?
What is this upvote and downvote in Quora?	What is upvote in Quora?
Which programming languages should I start learning?	What are some programming languages that I should learn?
What are ways to lose belly fat?	How can I reduce my Belly and tummy fat?
Can you create another upwork account after suspension?	How do I activate my account again if upwork has suspended it?
What is the purpose of your life?	How do you find your passion and purpose in life?
Are there any good movies to watch?	What movies would you recommend everyone to watch?
How do I get a perfect score on the new SAT?	How can I get a perfect score on the new SAT?
How do you get rid of moles on your face?	How do you get rid of a mole?
How does a long distance relationship work?	How do I cope with a long distance relationship?
What is the superstitious meaning behind your right eyelid twitching?	What is the myth behind a left eye twitching?
How can I prepare for CA CPT 2017?	I want to pursue a CA. How can I prepare for the CPT exam?
What are some creative marketing tips and ideas?	What are some creative marketing tips & ideas?
Does apple cider vinegar mixed with water help lose weight?	How do I use apple cider vinegar to lose weight?
What's the scariest paranormal thing you've experienced?	What is the scariest paranormal experience you have ever had?
What are the good B.Tech colleges in Rajkot?	Which is the best B.Tech colleges in Rajkot?
How can I lose 4kg weight?	How do I reduce body weight?
Is my life is really adventurous?	Is life really adventurous?
Will the ban on 500 & 1000 rupee notes really work against corruption?	How does the latest decision of abolishing 500 and 1000 rupee notes help the Government curb corruption?
What is the economy speed of Royal Enfield Classic 350 to get good mileage?	What is the economy speed of royal Enfield classic 350?
Where is the centre of gravity?	What is centre of gravity?
How do you get internships?	What are the best ways to get internships?
What are the greatest examples of absence of mind?	Psychology of Everyday Life: What are some of the greatest examples of absence of mind?
Are Hillary Clinton supporters worried that she's a war hawk?	Why does Hillary Clinton have so hawkish foreign policy?
How can I download a game?	How download games?
What is the best way to get your girl back?	How can I get a girl back into me?
Is age a problem for pursuing Phd?	What age is considered too old to get a PhD?
How far is China from legalizing same-sex marriage?	When will China legalize same sex marriage?
Is it possible for anything to violate the laws of physics?	Is it possible for physical laws to be violated? What if it is possible?
What are some of the funniest things that have ever happened to you (or someone you know)?	What’s the funniest thing that’s ever happened to you?
What is the best subversion client for Mac OS X?	What is the best svn client for Mac OS X?
Where can I get a legit hacker?	How do l contact a hacker?
Which are best mobile phones to buy under 15000?	Which mobile is better under 15k?
Is onion juice mixed shampoo good for hAir growth?	Is onion juice helpful for hair growth?
College and University Admissions: What are my chances of getting accepted into an Ivy League school?	What are my chances for acceptance into Ivy League schools?
What are the worst answers ever given on Quora?	What is the worst answer on Quora?
How can I fight depression without taking medication?	How do I treat depression without medication?
Do girls like drinking cum?	Do women like drinking semen?
What are ways I can make money online?	How do I make money from home?
How will the decision of scrapping INR 500 and INR 1000 notes affect real estate prices?	What will be impact of 500 / 1000 notes ban on real estate?
Is sodium an element or a compound?	Is sodium a element?
How do we time travel?	Do you think time travel is possible?
Could the world stop eating meat from tomorrow?	What would happen if entire world stop eating meat?
How can you glue glass together?	What are some ways to glue glass?
What is the best question one has ever come across in Quora?	What is the best question on Quora ever?
How do the real estate prices get affected by the Indian Government's decision to de-monetize 500 and 1000 notes?	How does the declaration that Rs 500 and Rs 1000 notes would not be accepted as valid transactions affect real estate in India?
Why the mass increase at close to light speed?	Why does mass increase with velocity as an object approaches the speed of light?
Which are some of the best WhatsApp groups? How can I join them?	The best WhatsApp groups to join?
Was Albert Einstein an atheist?	Why was Albert Einstein considered an atheist?
Why doesn't Japan hate America after the US drop the bombs on Hiroshima and Nagasaki?	How did Japan manage to forge such close relations with the US after the atomic bombing of Hiroshima and Nagasaki?
What is the contribution of Pakistan to the world?	What has Pakistan contributed to the world that can be considered good for the development of the world?
What's your opinion about iPhone SE? Do you think its a good phone?	What do people think about the iPhone SE?
How do I flow traffic to my website?	How can I increase the traffic on a site?
How can I find all my old Gmail accounts?	Where are all my Gmail accounts?
What are some examples of kinetic energy?	What are some examples of kinematic energy?
Why can you not buy Cadbury Chocolate in the US?	Why does Cadbury Chocolate not available in US?
Why do people often become irritable when they are tired?	Why do some people become cranky when they are tired?
Which are the best books for preparing ssc junior engineer (mechanical)?	Which is the preferred book for SSC junior engineer (mechanical) exam?
How can I teach my almost 6 year old son to control his anger?	What should I do to so that my five-year-old son can learn to control his anger?
Are you still using torrent in India? Can I be arrested for using it?	Is downloading from torrent is still illegal in India?
What do you think about having a prime ministerial debate in India like they have Presidential debate in the US?	Why can't India also have a Presidential debate like in the US?
What do you do when you miss your old shoes?	What do you do with your old running shoes?
What is the meaning of entropy in thermodynamics?	What is entropy in thermodynamics?
What should I know before investing in bitcoin?	Should I buy bitcoin?
Which is the most used programming language which will not have an end?	Which is the most used and most popular computer programming language in every field?
What should I do so that I will secure my future?	How can I secure my future?
How do I stop addiction to porn?	How do I stop being addicted to porn?
Can I still Download from Torrents?	How do I download any material from Torrentz?
How do I make money flying my drone?	How can I make money from the Inspire 1 drone?
How do I become a great programmer?	What should I do to be good programmer?
What will be Hillary Clinton's foreign policy towards India if she comes into power in 2016?	What would be Hillary clinton's policy on India?
What are the best exercises to burn belly fat?	How should I get rid of belly fat?
How can I lose weight safely?	How can I lose 10 Kilos?
Do spirits really exist?	Have you ever encountered a ghost? Do they really exist?
Who are Mona Punjabi?	Who are Mona punjabis?
How can I learn martial arts in my home?	How can I learn martial arts by myself?
Is Vladimir Putin a nationalist?	Is Vladimir Putin a communist or a nationalist?
What if King Harold had won the Battle of Hastings?	What if Harold had won the Battle of Hastings?
How can I earn money online?	What is best way to make money online?
What are greatest thriller movies?	What are some of the best horror and thriller movies?
What are some good anime movies?	What are some good anime shows/films to watch?
What is the best treatment for sexual impotence?	Which is the best medicine to treat erectile dysfunction or impotence?
Was surgical strike really happened in POK on morning of 29th September?	Did surgical strike really happened by India in LOC? Which media is correct? India or Pakistan?
How do I trace the exact location of a mobile phone in India? What things are required for that?	Is there any app by which I can trace the exact location of a person by putting their phone number only?
Who are the best Marvel villains?	Who are the best Marvel Comics villains?
Would the electoral college actually vote Donald Trump? 	Would the Electoral College elect Trump?
Which is the best sport for analytics?	Which sport is best for analytics?
What are some of the best car gadgets technology available?	What are some of the best car technology based car gadgets?
Why do everyday Americans support Donald Trump?	Why do some Americans support Trump?
Why Cyrus Mistry has been removed from Tata Group?	Why did Tata group fire Cyrus Mistry from chairman post?
What does it mean to invest in stocks?	What does it mean to invest in stock?
How can I become a superhero?	How can someone become a superhero?
How can one learn hacking step by step?	How can we learn hacking efficiently?
How do you treat acne scars?	What is an effective way to treat an acne scar?
What are some lesser known facts about PM Narendra Modi?	Narendra Modi: What are the unknown facts about Narendra Modi?
What are pros and cons of using internet?	What are the pros and cons of using internet?
Which are the best books to follow for the JEE Main and Advanced?	What are the best books for both IIT JEE Mains & Advanced?
How can I lose weight safely?	Can anybody give me any advice on losing weight safely?
Which is the best online IQ test available?	What are Free online IQ tests?
What happened to Tamilnadu CM Jayalalitha?	What is the health condition of Tamilnadu CM Jayalalitha?
Which advertising agency created Google Search: Reunion ad?	Which agency made the "Google Search: Reunion" ad?
How do I know that I am a psychopath?	How do I know if I am a psychopath?
What Factors decide Google place Ranking?	What are the factors on which Google maintains the ranking of URL's?
What are the safety precautions on handling shotguns proposed by the NRA in Washington?	What are the safety precautions on handling shotguns proposed by the NRA in Maryland?
What would be the best way to quit smoking?	What are some successful ways to quit smoking?
How was Sex for you?	What does sex feel like for women and men?
How can I clean my white leather sofa?	How do you clean a white leather bag?
What is a good programming language to use?	What is the best programming language to use?
How can we make our life easy?	How do I make life easy?
Why do I find too hard to clear even the first lesson of competitive coding webistes even being computer science engineering graduate?	Why do I find too hard to clear even the first lesson of competitive coding websites even being computer science engineering graduate?
Where does get mica used in buildings?	Where does mica used in building?
How do I make a billion dollars in a year?	How do I make one billion dollars in one year?
How can I see someone's private instagram account?	Can you view someone's profile on private on Instagram?
How do I memorize faster?	How can I quickly and easily memorize something?
What is the way to learn another language?	How do I learn another spoken language?
What is the difference between the Scripting language and programming languages?	What are scripting languages and programming languages?
How do I lose 20-30 kg?	How do I actually lose weight?
What is funniest joke you've ever heard?	What is the best joke you have ever heard?
What should I do to concentrate more on my studies?	How can I can concentrate well in studies?
How do I avoid getting depressed?	“How do I avoid getting depressed?
Who is going to be a better president - Hillary Clinton or Donald Trump?	Why would Hillary Clinton be a better president than Donald Trump?
How can I earn money part time online?	What are some easy ways to make done extra money online?
The best German universities for MS in embedded systems?	Which are the best German university for Ms in Embedded System?
What are some best travel hack?	What are the best travel hacks to travel cheap around the world?
Why did RBI issue new 2000 rupees note instead of new 1000 rupees note?	Why did the Indian government introduce the new 2000 rupee (INR) note?
What is it in soil that makes it smell so good after the first rain?	What is that smell after it starts raining?
How and why did the Quiet Revolution occur?	What is The Quiet Revolution? Why did it happen?
What are some examples of invertebrates?	What are invertebrates? What are some examples?
What is best movies to watch?	What is the best movies to watch?
How do I download videos from YouTube from my iPhone?	How can I download YouTube videos to my iPhone?
What are good people search engines?	What are the best "people" search engines?
How do I prepare for SSC Junior engineer (mechanical)?	How do I prepare for SSC Junior Engineer (Mechanical) exam?
Can a convicted felon vote?	Can convicted felons vote?
What is your most unpopular opinion?	What are your most controversial or unpopular opinions?
What are the safety precautions on handling shotguns proposed by the NRA in Vermont?	What are the safety precautions on handling shotguns proposed by the NRA in Mississippi?
Can a long distance relationship still exist? How can you make it work?	What are the best ways to keep a long distance love relationship happy?
How do I learn to be more apathetic?	How can I be more apathetic?
How do I start learning c language?	How do I get interest in C language and start coding?
How do I download videos from hotstar?	How do I download hotstar videos using Personal Computer or Laptop?
What's the difference between an isle and an island?	How an isle differs from an island?
What is a good way to start making multiple streams of income?	How can I successfully get multiple streams of income?
What can I do to improve negotiation skills?	How do I increase negotiation skills?
What were the accomplishments of the Lewis and Clark Expedition? How did it influence other explorers?	What were the result of the Lewis and Clark Expedition?
How should I build my profile for Indian B schools?	How do I improve my profile for top Indian B schools?
Are Pakistan and India engaged in cold war now?	Is there a cold war between Pakistan and India?
What is the best book or book series you ever read and why?	What is the best book ever made?
What motivates all people?	What motivates people?
Do we need any medium to transport electromagnetic waves?	Why don't electromagnetic waves require a medium to travel?
What is your New Year Resolution?	What is/are your New Year resolutions for 2017?
How would I increase my height aftr 18?	What do I do to increase my height?
Is tax money being spent to finance President Obama's extensive campaigning for Hillary?	Who pays for Obama's campaigning for Hillary?
Can I get arrested for downloading a movie torrent in india?	Can I be arrested for Downloading TV series from torrent in India?
What does it feel like to be in a friends with benefits relationship?	What does it feel like to be friends with benefits?
How can I log into Facebook without putting in a password?	I forgot my Facebook email and password how can I log in?
How can I make money through YouTube?	How do I make money from a YouTube channel?
How do I get meth out of my system in 2 days?	How do I get meth out of my system from smoking it instantly?
How does one prepare for the CDS examination?	How can I prepare for CDS?
How does mobile recharging websites like freecharge make money?	How does mobile recharge apps earn money?
What are some good destinations for a solo trip in India and how to go about them?	What are the best destinations for solo trip in India?
Is doing an MS in Germany for mechanical engineering students a good choice?	Is ms good in Germany for mechanical engineers?
What is the best way to kill a mosquito?	What's the best way to kill a mosquito hovering around you?
How do I learn spoken English?	How can I become good at English?
What topics of math does one need to go through for competitive programming?	Which topics of mathematics are important if I want to excel in competitive programming?
Why are some of the people on Quora so stingy with upvotes?	Why are people so stingy with upvotes on Quora?
What are the puzzles asked in interview?	What are the standard puzzles asked in interviews?
What will happen if we nuke moon?	What would happen if we nuke the moon?
Who is your favorite composer and why?	Who are some of your favorite composers?
What is your idea and thoughts about Islam and Muslims?	What is your idea and thoughts about Islam and Muslim?
Is it bad to feel unwanted?	Is it bad to feel unwanted sometimes?
Dating Advice: I really like a girl but she already has a boyfriend. What should I do?	What should I do girl I like already have a boyfriend?
What is the best travel hacks? Please comment.	What is the best travel hacks? Please comment?
Where can I find a hacker?	How do I hire a legit hacker?
What makes a person creative?	What makes someone creative?
Can a hermaphrodite get themselves pregnant?	Can an intersex person (hermaphrodite) get pregnant?
Did Hillary Clinton use Donald Trump as a way to have no relevant Political opponent?	Is it possible that Donald Trump is in cahoots with Hillary Clinton?
How much water is necessary to "put out" our sun?	How much water would it take to put out the sun?
What if the internet were not invented?	What would modern society look like if the Internet was never invented?
What are the bad effects of clonazepam medicine?	What is bad effect of clonazepam medicine?
How can one improve his writing skills?	How do I improve my writing skills?
What do the breeders represent in Mad Max?	What do the breeders in Mad Max: Fury Road represent?
How can I take revenge on rude teacher ?	How do I take revenge on a teacher who hates me for nothing?
Are there any celebs on Quora?	Who are the celebrities who are actively participating on Quora?
What adaptions do anacondas possess?	What adaptations do anacondas have?
What are the top 10 TV series one should genuinely watch?	Which TV series should are worth watching?
Is there no life on other planets?	Is there life on other planets?
How do I tell the difference between infatuation and love?	What is the difference between love and infatuation?
What is the best bicycle to buy under 10k?	Which is the best bike in in dia to buy in INR 10k?
How do I become Mutual funds distributer for all company mutual funds?	How do I become mutual funds distributor for all company mutual funds?
Which is the best digital photo frame?	What are the best 12-inch digital photo frames?
Why do some men pay for sex?	Why do men pay for sex?
Are the professional athletes overpaid?	Do you think professional athletes are overpaid?
How do I control emotions and reactions in nervousness?	How can I control my emotions?
What is the QuickBooks Hosting Support Number?	Which is the best QuickBooks proadvisor tech support number?
What are the benefits of a delta wing?	What are the advantages a delta wing has over swept wing?
Why do we study English?	Why do I study English?
Who is the richest person on Quora?	Who is the richest person active on Quora?
Can anyone learn to cook?	Can anyone learn how to cook? Why or why not?
What is the easiest way to find the greatest common factor?	How do you find the greatest common factor?
What is your greatest regret in life?	What is your biggest regrett in life?
Can I get pregnant 14 days after my period started?	Can you get pregnant a couple days before your period?
What is the best path I should take to improve my English?	How can I improve my communication skills in English?
How do I increase download speed of LAN ISM?	How do I increase the download speed of LAN at ISM?
How do I stop caring for people who don't really care for me?	How do I stop caring about someone who obviously doesn't care about me anymore?
How can I get started with LinkedIn?	How do I get started to LinkedIn?
When I buy a new MacBook Pro what software comes with it?	What software does the Macbook Pro come with?
Why is Saltwater taffy candy imported in Laos?	Why are saltwater taffy imported in Japan?
Who is the best and most inspirational politician in India?	Who is by far the best politician of India?
Can AAP win election in Goa?	Will AAP be able to win elections in GOA?
How should I break up with my girlfriend? I am conflicted? 	How do I break up with my girlfriend?
How should I get started in binary options trading?	How do you get started with binary option trading?
How can you overcome a writer's block? (songwriting)	What are some ways to combat a writer's block?
What is the most embarrassing moment your crush had in front of you?	What is the most embarrassing moment in front of your crush?
When will there ever be a cure for autism?	Is there a cure for autism?
How do you start a hedge fund?	I'm in college how do I start my own hedge fund?
How do you find out if someone is active on dating websites?	How can I find out whether my partner is using dating sites?
Can you make money with bitcoin?	How do you make money with bitcoin?
Is making multiple fake accounts on Quora illegal?	Why making multiple fake accounts on Quora is illegal?
How do I impress a guy?	How do I impress a guy to like me?
Are cats color blind? Why or why not?	Are cats or dogs color blind?
How could I gain weight?	How do I gain weight in a healthy way?
Can we travel back in time? If not then why?	Can we turn back time?
How to get personal loan with low cibil score and bad history?	Is it possible for a person with low cibil score to get a personal loan?
What are the safety precautions on handling shotguns proposed by the NRA in Washington?	What are the safety precautions on handling shotguns proposed by the NRA in Minnesota?
Why does Australia refuse accepting the legitimacy of the Arbitration on Australia's case?	Why does Australia deny the legitimacy of the Arbitration in Hague which Australia recognised it as an international court and law?
How can I buy products online without a credit card?	How do you shop online without a credit card?
How did Quora beat Yahoo Answers?	How has Quora succeeded where websites such as Yahoo and Reddit have failed?
How can we regrow hair naturally?	Is it possible to regrow hair naturally?
Which one is the best landing page service at 2016?	What are the best landing page builders?
Has history been scientifically tested?	Has Ancient Babylon been scientifically tested?
What is the difference between Chinese culture and Western culture?	#What are the major differences between Chinese and western cultures?
Is our PM Modi doing the correct thing with 500 and 1000 Rs notes?	What is the use of demonetizing Rs. 500 & Rs. 1000 notes?
Is marriage worth it?	Is marriage even worth it this day and age?
Which are the best websites to earn money?	What is best websites to earn money?
How do I forget a loved one?	How do I forget someone whom I once loved deeply?
How can you make yourself get up early in the morning?	How can I get early every morning without struggling?
How can people be so mean?	How can people be so mean sometimes?
How do I catch a pathetic liar?	How do I spot a liar?
How can I be a better communicator?	What is a way to become a better communicator?
What are Donald Trump's chances against Hillary Clinton in a general election?	Whom do you expect to become the next president of the USA: hillary Clinton or Donald Trump and why?
What country has the best cuisine and why?	Which country has best cuisine?
What can I do to love myself?	What do I have to do to love myself?
What's so good about sex?	What's so great about sex?
What are the good ways to write Business Email?	How can one write good corporate emails?
How Indian economy got affected after ban of 500 1000 notes?	How will the ban on Rs. 1000 and Rs. 500 notes impact Indian economy?
How do Drug Cartels operate?	How do drug cartels work?
What do teachers talk about in the Teachers Room of a school?	What do school teachers discuss about in the teachers' room?
How can I ask a good question on Quora?	How can I ask good questions?
Which is the best CBSE school in Howrah or Kolkata?	Which is the best CBSE school in Kolkata?
How does GravityLight work?	How does GravityLight (From Deciwatt) work? What is its apparatus?
I'm currently studying commerce in class 12.What are the various career options that are are open for me?	What career options do I have after completing class 12 Commerce?
What are some genuine ways to earn money online?	What are the genuine way to earn money through online?
Which is the best course for digital marketing?	Which is the best digital marketing course?
What are some little things that make you happy?	What are the few things that instantaneously make you happy?
Is there any Nano technology GPS tracking features in new 500 & 2000 rupee notes to be released by Reserve Bank of India?	Are the new 500 rs and 2000 rs Indian currency notes really chip-based?
Why is Lipton's green tea helpful for losing weight?	How is Lipton Green Tea related to weight loss?
What do you think is the reason for PM Modi’s instant decision to ban ₹500 and ₹1000 notes?	What do you think about ban on Rs. 500 and Rs. 1000 currency notes?
Ive told my friend that I have been intimate with that I have feelings for him now he wants a two week break over Christmas to think things over?	Ive told my friend who I have been intimate with I have feelings for him he has said we need a break over the holidays to think. Should I be worried?
Do girls like smart/nerdy/geeky guys?	Do girls like nerds?
What is the future of video games?	What is the future of video gaming?
What is the last thing you would like to do before you die?	What is the one thing that you want to do before you die?
How are cavities on the side of my tooth caused?	How are cavities on the side of my tooth formed?
How do I stop caring about the opinions of people?	How do you stop caring about the opinions that people and society have on you?
How do I get a body like Zac Efron?	Can I follow Zac efron's workout to get abs like him?
How can I lose 20kg in a 2 months?	How can I lose 20kg in 2 months?
Is a Masters in Finance ever really worth it?	Is a Msc in Finance worth it?
What is it like to arrange an arranged marriage?	What is it like to be in an arranged marriage?
What is the best certification course to learn digital marketing?	What is the best digital marketing course online for a beginner?
What is the minimum score on the AMCAT that can get me a call from Accenture?	What is the minimum score in AMCAT to get call from Accenture ?
What are the research topics of applications of neural networks in networking security?	What are the research topics on applications of neural networks in networking security?
How do I find a job abroad?	What can I do to find a job abroad easily?
What does Arabic word Warsan mean?	What does the Arabic word Warsan 'ورسان' mean?
How likely is a nuclear war with Russia in the next few years?	Russia is apparently preparing for war with the United States. Is this very likely in the immediate future?
Why can't I see all answers for a question on Quora anymore?	Why can't I see my answer on Quora anymore?
How do I write a cover letter?	What are the must to write in a cover letter?
Is Quora's engine biased against Donald Trump?	Is Quora biased against Donald Trump?
What are the safety precautions on handling shotguns proposed by the NRA in Arkansas?	What are the safety precautions on handling shotguns proposed by the NRA in Maryland?
What are the safety precautions on handling shotguns proposed by the NRA in New Hampshire?	What are the safety precautions on handling shotguns proposed by the NRA in Vermont?
How do I contact a real hacker?	Where can I hire a serious hacker?
I smoked a bowl of crystal meth on Friday. I'm 5'4" and 187lbs. Will I be able to pass a urine drug test on Wednesday for drug court?	If I smoke meth on Fri 12pm will I pass a urine test Wednesday morning?
What do you think about Indonesia?	Have you ever been to Indonesia? What do you think about the country?
What is the true meaning of love?	What is the exact meaning of love?
How can I get my first book published? My manuscript is ready...	How can a new writer get published?
What is relation between linear velocity and angular velocity?	What is the relation between linear and angular displacement?
Why is the implementation of Uniform Civil Code important?	Are there any downsides to implementation of uniform civil code in India?
Will Japanese atom bomb victims ever forgive the makers and users?	How could Japan forgive the atom bombs?
Which printer should I buy for home use?	What printer should I buy for home use?
Why are most people crazy about Apple and its products?	Why do people use Apple products? What a pain in the ass?
Which is the best QuickBooks Tech Support Number in North Dakota?	Which is the best QuickBooks Tech Support Number in Las Vegas?
What are the best books for Digital Signal processing?	Which book is best for digital signal processing?
How did you come out as gay to your family?	How did you come out to your family? How did your family take it?
Who are singers similar to Juan Gabriel?	Artists similar to Juan Gabriel?
What is the meaning of an angel with black wings?	What is an angel with black wings represent?
How do I get into IIT Bombay?	How to get into IIT Bombay?
How do you get rid of skunks around your house?	How can you get rid of a skunk at your house?
How should one learn history?	How can I learn everything about history?
How can the heat of solution of NaOH be calculated?	How can the heat of formation of NaOH be calculated?
Should I drop a year after engineering for GATE preparation or join Infosys as a fresher?	Should I drop one year after BCA for MBA preparations?
How can an international student become a teacher in Scotland?	How can I become a teacher in Scotland?
What is meaning of swag?	What is the meaning of swag?
What are some ways to convert whole numbers into fractions?	How do you convert whole numbers into fractions?
How do I get better at portrait photography?	What are some tips for Portrait photography?
How do I save money while doing online shopping?	What are some great tricks to save money while shopping online?
What are do's and dont's for an engineering student?	What are the do's and dont's of an engineering student?
Which is the world's richest country and poorest country?	Who is the richest country in the world?
How can I get the best out of my life?	How can I get the best out of life?
How does sex feel like for the first time?	What does having sex for the first time feel like?
I am preparing for KVPY - SX stream 2015. I am having PCM subjects in my college. Which subject should I select out of biology and maths for KVPY?	I am preparing for KVPY's SX stream. I am having PCM subjects in my college. Which subject should I select out of biology and maths for KVPY?
How do people earn money through Instagram?	How do I make money using Instagram?
How can green tea help you reduce belly fat?	Why is green tea associated with fat loss?
How can I make friends in middle school?	How do I make friends in middle school?
What are some of the best reply to the question "Why should we hire you?"?	What are the best answers for "Why should I hire you"?
If universe is expanding without a limit and dark and vacuum energy are created as it expands…?	Can an infinite amount of dark or vacuum or gravitational energy be created with expansion?
How do I make 1 million dollars in 1 year?	What is the best way to make 1 million dollars in 1 year?
How do I reduce tummy?	What are the foods that reduce tummy fat?
Why is Modi not taking action against Pakistan?	Will Narendra Modi take any action against Pakistan?
What do the Latin Americans think of India?	What do Latin Americans think of India and Indians?
Why the fuck do people use Quora?	Why we should read Quora?
What are some of the best New Year's resolutions?	What are good New Year's resolutions to have?
What art print could complement the Brooklyn bridge art print by Andy Warhol?	What kind of art print would complement the Brooklyn bridge art print by Andy Warhol?
What would a US vs Russia war be like?	How would a war between Russia and the US look like?
What types of skills do customer service associates typically need for their position?	How do I improve my customer service skills?
Can Donald Trump still win the 2016 U.S. Presidential Election?	Could Donald Trump actually win and become POTUS?
What is the oldest religion on earth?	What is the oldest religion?
What is the difference between ethics and morality?	What is the difference between ethics and moral values?
How can I travel the world for free?	How can I travel around the world for free?
What is the best life advice?	What is the best life advice you've ever been given?
Why is Saltwater Taffy candy imported in Poland?	Why is Saltwater taffy candy imported in Mongolia?
How do seduce aunties?	How can we seduce aunties for sex?
How do I reset my iTunes security questions?	How do you reset your security questions for your Apple ID?
What is it like for an Indian to live and settle down in Japan?	How can Indians settle in Japan?
How is Indian Government absolutely sure that Pakistan is behind the Uri attacks?	What evidence is there of Pakistan being behind the Uri attacks?
How would scrapping Rs 500 and 1000 notes affect the real estate sector?	What will be the effect of recent demonetization of rs500 and rs 1000 notes on the real estate or property business?
How does Demonetisation of 1000 and 500 rupees notes affect real estate industry?	What will be impact of 500 / 1000 notes ban on real estate?
Specific Quora Users: Why does Ernest W. Adams not allow comments?	Why does Ernest W. Adams disable comments in his answers?
Can you offer me any advice on how to lose weight?	What's the best plan to lose weight?
Which languages I should learn to create new OS?	What language should I learn to help me create an OS? What book will be helpful for the same?
How can the formula for alkenes be calculated?	What is the formula for alkenes?
What should I do after B.Tech in mechanical Engineering?	What can I do after my graduation from mechanical engineering (B.Tech)?
Is a brown discharge during your first period normal?	What causes my first period to draw brown blood?
I'm 18. How can I make money online?	What are ways I can make money online?
What is the fastest way to earn money?	What is the easiest way to earn money?
What is the difference between individual and structural interventions?	• What is the difference between individual and structural interventions?
What do you do to fall sleep?	How do you fall into sleep?
How can an adult male increase his height after 22?	Can height increase after 25?
How do I take a franchise of D-Mart?	How do I get franchise of D-Mart?
How do I lose weight without doing exercise?	How do I lose weight without doing exercise or diet?
How can I build a meditation habit?	How do I start meditation practice?
Why do some people attach fake testicles to their trucks?	Why do people hang ornamental testicles on the back of their trucks?
What is the chemical formula of ink?	What is the chemical formula for ink?
What are some examples of secularism?	What do you mean by secularism? What are some examples?
What is the SNAP?	What is SNAP?
How can I gain healthy weight and mass?	How can I gain weight but also eat healthy?
What is the best time to have fruits?	Which is the best time of the day to have fruits and which of them?
How is the AAP government doing in Delhi?	How is the AAP doing in Delhi?
Does the sun produce sound?	Does sun produce sound?
Can someone travel back in time?	Can we turn back time?
Is Donald Trump really a closet liberal?	Is Donald Trump a covert operative for the Clintons?
What are some of the advantages and disadvantages of cyber schooling?	What are some of the advantages and disadvantages of cyber school?
Twitter or Facebook? Which one is better/do you prefer?	Do you think that Twitter is better than Facebook?
How do I improve my time management?	How can I improve time management?
How can I know if I am right or wrong?	How do you know if your decision is right or wrong?
How do I create an interactive website without coding and programming (skills)?	What is the best way to create a website without coding?
What is that one movie you recommend me watching right now?	What is the super best movie you recommend me to watch now? Your number 1 top list movies? Any kind (except horror)?
How should I cope with the death of my brother?	How can I cope with the death of my brother?
Why did Quora deleted my question?	Why is Quora removing my question?
Which is the best laptop under INR 60k?	Which is a good laptop costing around INR 60k?
How do tapeworms kill animals?	How do tapeworms eat and kill animals?
How can I stop being stingy?	How does one stop being stingy?
What's your 2017 new year resolution?	What are your new year resolutions’2017?
What are uses for Darmstadtium?	What are the uses of Darmstadtium?
Why do people often ask questions in Quora while they can Google it themselves?	Why do people write questions on Quora that could be answered with a quick web search?
Do long distance relationships work?	Does long distance relationship works?
Which Bollywood movie will you watch on 2017 Republic Day - Raees or Kaabil?	Which movie would you watch first - Raees or Kaabil?
How do I overcome harm OCD?	How can I overcome my OCD?
What are the best ways to prevent cancer?	How can I prevent cancer?
How may I know whether my wife is cheating on me?	How do I know whether a guy is cheating on me or no?
How do I access the deep dark web?	What is a deep web?
Difference between government servant and public servant?	What is the difference between a government servant and a public servant?
Why did Indira Gandhi start Operation Blue Star?	Why did Indira Gandhi send Army to Golden Temple?
What is it like to attend Tufts?	What is it like to attend Tufts University?
Is there any help for QuickBooks Support?	What is Quickbooks Proadvisor?
Which is the best strategy game?	What is the best strategy for the game?
Which are the 10 most dangerous cities in America?	What are the most dangerous US cities? Why are they so dangerous?
What are some examples of the states of matter?	What are all the states of matter and what are examples of all?
What is the best GMAT coaching institute in Chennai?	What is the best coaching for GMAT in Chennai?
Why do people write for Quora?	What pleasure do people get from answering questions on Quora?
Which are the best ways to lose weight?	What is a good diet to lose weight?
What are the best way to sustain your motivation?	What are the ways to sustain your motivation?
Why do some users on Quora not accept anonymous A2A requests?	Why don't some people accept anonymous a2a?
Why did South Vietnam lose?	Why did South Vietnam lose the Vietnamese war?
How many days can I survive without food?	For how many days can a person survive without food?
How do I start acting career?	How should I start my acting career?
Did Hillary knowingly pay people to incite violence at Trump rallies and blame it on Trump supporters?	How much did Democrats offer to pay people to incite violence against Republicans?
What will be the impact in the Indian economy of sudden 500 & 1000 rupee notes withdrawal of by the government?	How can the ban of 500 and 1000 rupee notes increase the Indian economy?
Is Abortion wrong? Why? Why not?	How is abortion wrong?
How can I prepare for UPSC exam at home?	How I prepare for upsc at home?
Who created Quora?	Who is the father of Quora?
What is the best laptop around 50k?	Which laptop to buy under 50k?
Can anyone read minds?	How can we read someone's mind?
How do I ask a girl out for a date?	What are some ways to ask a girl on a date?
What is the solution for Quora marking your every question as needing improvement?	Do Quora users still see questions that are marked as needing improvement?
Why do people still think the the world is flat?	Why do some smart and wise people think Earth is flat?
Why are satellites launched from east coast?	Why are all satellites and missiles launched from the east coast?
How is zero gravity atmosphere for astronauts is created on earth?	How is zero gravity environment created on earth for astronaut training?
Where can you find X-01 armor in fallout 4?	Where can you find X-01 Power Armor in Fallout 4?
How can I effectvely loss 20 kgs of excess weight from my body?	What is the best weight loss method?
How does the latest decision of abolishing 500 and 1000 rupee notes help the Government curb corruption?	How will demonetization of 500 and 1000 rupee notes stop corruption?
What will happen to international students in the US if Donald Trump becomes president?	Is Donald Trump a threat for international students?
What are some cool science facts?	What are some really cool science facts?
Are laws different for rich and poor in India? What about the Salman Khans incident?	Are laws different for rich and poor in India? How about the Salman Khan’s case of car accident?
How can I study to get better grades?	How do I improve my grades?
Which is the best food for Bernese Mountain Dog puppies?	What is the best brand of puppy food for bulldogs?
Why is Wikipedia now asking for donations?	Why is Wikipedia asking for donations all of a sudden?
Which is the Best coaching centre for CAT in Delhi?	Which is the best coaching institute for CAT in Delhi?
Why do people often ask questions in Quora while they can Google it themselves?	Why do so many people on Quora ask stupid questions they could find answers to if they spent less than 5 minutes on a search engines?
How do you know when someone blocks you?	How do you know if someone has blocked you?
When will I know I found the one?	How do you know if you have found "the one"?
What is the speed of electron?	What is the speed of an electron?
How do I come out of comfort zone?	What is actually a comfort zone and how can one get out of a comfort zone?
Are there any potential supernovae close enough to impact life on earth if they explode?	Stars go supernova all the time. How close to Earth could a supernova be to wipe our life away?
Does shaving helps in growing beard faster?	Does shaving make your beard grow faster?
What would happen if one of the two candidates of the presidential election died on the morning of the election day?	What would happen if the presidential nominee died before the November election?
What is the best optical illusion?	What are some optical illusions?
Which is your favorite answer (authored by you) on Quora?	What’s your favorite answer you have written on Quora? Why is it your favorite?
Is the existence of God possible?	Is the existence of God true?
How will the ban on Rs 500 and 1000 notes impact the Indian economy?	1000 and 500 notes have been banned in Indian. What will be the short and long term impact of this?
Whàt is the dark web?	What is the dark web?
Should I buy a new iPhone or wait for the new one?	Should I wait till 16 september 2016 or buy an iPhone 6s?
Why is Jake Williams so popular?	Why is Jake Williams popular on Quora?
What should one check before buying a violin?	What should I look for when buying a violin?
How can GST reduce tax burden on people and increase government revenue at the same time?	How will the GST bring more tax revenue for the indian government and yet less burden for the industry?
Which answer on Quora got the most likes yet?	Which answer is the most voted one in Quora?
What is the law of demand? How can it be explained?	What is law of demand?
What are the best long-term investment high growth and safe (low risks) stocks on NSE? Why?	What are the best long-term investment high growth and low risk stocks on NSE?
How can I see who viewed my Instagram videos?	How can you tell who has viewed Instagram videos?
Who would win in a fight: Count Dooku or Saruman?	Who would win in a fight between Saruman and Count Dooku?
How do I build a highly intelligent chatbot?	How can I build an intelligent chat bot?
How do I become comfortable singing in front of people?	How do I become more comfortable singing infront of people?
What is the best three-day itinerary for Singapore?	What would be the best itinerary for a 3 days 2 night budget trip to Singapore?
Which is the best laptop below Rs 30000?	Which laptop is best to buy within the range of 30000rs?
Why are people so selfish and hypocritical?	Why are people selfish?
How true is it that cannabis can cure cancer?	Does cannabis oil made from indica plant really cure cancer?
Are the majority of Muslims against terrorism?	Why are the majority of the recruits in ISRO non-Muslims? Is there a bias against Muslims?
What are the safety precautions on handling shotguns proposed by the NRA in Georgia?	What are the safety precautions on handling shotguns proposed by the NRA in Arizona?
Where can I get quality services for labels and stickers printing in Australia?	Where can I get high quality promotional self-adhesive sticker printing services in Australia?
Can we expect time travel to become a reality?	Will time travel ever become possable?
Will PS4 or Xbox One ever be hacked to play pirated games?	Can Xbox one play pirated games?
What's the most scientifically accurate science fiction movie ever made (for its time)?	Which is the most scientifically correct science fiction movie/book to date?
What is the expected cutoff for KVPY 2016 SA -stream 2016?	What will be the cut-off for KVPY SA stream in 2016?
How is black money gonna go off with no longer the use of same 500 and 1000 notes?	Would demonetization of 500 and 1000 rupee notes actually help in curbing black money in India?
Does a superfluid dark matter which ripples when Galaxy clusters collide and waves in a double slit experiment relate GR and QM?	Is there evidence of the dark matter every time a double slit experiment is performed? Is the dark matter what waves?
Which are the good food stuffs to gain a weight?	Which foods help gain weight?
How can I prove that a negative number multiplied by another negative number is positive?	Why is a negative number multiplied by a negative number a positive number?
Aren't Mexicans basically Native Americans or Amerindians?	Are Mexicans native Americans?
How many countries you have traveled so far?	How many countries have you been to?
Which is the best VPN in China?	What are the best virtual private networks (VPNs) for use in China?
How do I wash the Yamaha R3?	What is the washing procedure of Yamaha r3?
Is Narendra Modi gay? Will he be the first LGBT PM of India?	Is Narendra Modi gay?
Thinking to start reading novels.Suggest which books to start with(Fictional or non -fictional).	I want to start reading a book maybe fictional or non fictional. Which book should I start reading?
Why is Hilary Clinton corrupt?	Why do people think Hillary Clinton is corrupt?
Is anyone else going to miss President Obama as President?	Will you miss President Obama?
Why do folks ask questions on Quora that a Google search could answer faster and more accurately?	Why do so many people ask questions on Quora that can be easily answered by any number of legitimate sources on the Web? Have they not heard of Google or Bing?
Which is the best gearless scooter in India?	What is the best gearless scooter in India?
Who are the best digital marketers in India?	Which are the top digital marketing companies in India?
Has Quora reduced the number of books you read? Is it a good substitute for reading?	Is reading on Quora a substitute for reading books?
Daniel Ek: Are there any future plans of releasing Spotify in India?	Daniel Ek: Why is Spotify not available in India?
What is the function of GOTO statent?	What is the function of GOTO statement?
How can I pass a drug test on meth after injecting it?	How can I pass a mouth swab drug test after injecting meth?
What the lhc?	In layman's term what is LHC?
How did Jimmy Wales get the idea for Wikipedia?	How did Jimmy Wales get the idea of founding Wikipedia?
Will apple release a new MacBook Pro soon?	Are there any rumours about when a new MacBook Pro 15" could be released?
How does eukaryotic and prokaryotic cells differ?	How are eukaryotic and prokaryotic cells similar? How are they different from each other?
How can we earn on YouTube?	How can you make money on YouTube?
What do you think about Israeli-Palestinian conflict?	Can you express your opinion about the Israeli-Palestinian Conflict here?
Can I make an Android app with Python?	Can I make Android apps/games with Python? What are some examples?
What is modulation and its type?	What does modulation mean?
Why is Hillary Clinton worse than Donald Trump?	Would Mr. Donald Trump be a better president than Hillary Clinton?
How do I treat a crooked smile?	What are some ways of treating a crooked smile?
How can I earn money from Facebook page?	How does a Facebook page earn money?
Do you believe in a soul mate? I believe and I am looking for one	Do you believe we find Soul Mates or is it a case of Compatibility?
Where can I learn the basics of programming?	What are the best online sites to learn computer programming?
Which is the best gadget to be released in 2016?	What are the best gadgets of 2016?
What is the reason of the poor performance of India in the Olympics?	Why is India not winning even a single bronze in Olympics?
What is a "cell membrane"? Where are they found?	What are cell membranes? Where can they be found?
What are the friendliest countries in the world and why?	What are the friendliest countries in the world?
How is the picture of our Milky Way galaxy taken from the outside if we are inside the galaxy?	How are pictures of our own Galaxy taken from the inside?
How can I make money from Quora?	Can we earn money through Quora?
Can hamsters eat cucumber?	What do hamsters like to eat besides vegetables and hamster food?
Why is there no sound on my YouTube video? How can I fix it?	Why did YouTube mute my video? How can I fix it?
How has Obamacare impacted on people's lives?	How has Obamacare impacted you personally or professionally?
Which Indian state is most corrupt?	Which is the most corrupt state in India?
Can artificial intelligence in a simulated reality become self-aware?	Is self aware Artificial Intelligence possible?
How should I plan a trip of few days to Goa?	Can you suggest how to plan Goa trip for 4 days?
How many people here suffer from depression?	How many of you suffer from depression?
Should Hawaii be independent?	Should America grant Hawaii independence?
If universe is expanding without a limit and dark and vacuum energy are created as it expands?	If vacuum gravitational and dark energy are created as universe expands without limit?
What will be the date and time for the first Clinton-Trump debate?	When is the first 2016 presidential debate?
In which instances do narcissists discard permanently?	Do narcissists ever discard people permanently?
Can I have a cup of green tea in the morning and after dinner in the evening?	Can green tea be drunk in morning and evening?
What is the quickest way to learn Norwegian?	Where can I learn Norwegian?
What do you think about the Modi's sudden decision to scrap 500 and 1000 rs denomination?	What would be effect of 500 and 1000 Rs notes ban?
How should I overcome anxiety and depression?	What is the best way to overcome from depression?
What would have happened if Ned Stark hadn't been beheaded?	What would have happened if Cersei Lannister sent Ned Stark to the Wall instead of executing him?
What are the pros and cons of implementing a uniform civil code in India?	What will be the adverse impact of uniform civil code on Hindu customery laws if it is implemented in India?
How do I report a bug in YouTube?	How do I report a bug to Youtube?
What is the easiest way to make a little money online?	What is make money online?
What causes shanty towns to develop?	What causes shanty towns?
Is it possible to travel time with real life?	Will time travel be possible in future?
Which is the best way to learn python 3 for absolute beginners on their own?	What are some of the best ways to learn python?
Which is the best phone to buy under 15000?	Which is the best android device to buy under ₹15000?
What would a bedroom in the year 1980 look like but it would have to be an older man's theme?	What would an older man's bedroom look like in the year 1980?
What will be the most renowned towing company across the Sydney?	What will be the good towing company in Sydney?
How can I get up early in the morning(8:00am)?	How to get up early in the morning and be active?
How I can speak English with fluency?	HOw do I speak Fluent English?
What are the safety precautions on handling shotguns proposed by the NRA in Illinois?	What are the safety precautions on handling shotguns proposed by the NRA in Montana?
How do I start clothing line?	How can I start my own clothing line?
What is the best place to visit during winter?	What is the best place I should visit in the winter?
What will be the best smartphone around 15K?	What is the best phone I can get for below 15k?
How and why are planets spherical? What makes them round?	Why are planets mostly round?
Why is Quora allowed in China?	Why is Quora not banned in PRC?
What is the the best way to learn programming?	How can I learn more programming?
Why do certain people show up on my Instagram search?	Why do people I don't follow on Instagram show up in the search bar when I type one letter?
How can we become popular on social media?	How do people get popular on social media?
How can I gain weight?	What is the best way for underweight to gain weight?
What is ground?	What is a ground?
Where can I get amazing collection of floor tiles in Sydney?	Where can I found different types of floor tile collection in Sydney?
Will Apple become a trillion dollar company?	Will Apple be a trillion dollar company ever ?
How do I last longer with sex?	What should I do to last longer in bed?
What are some of the chemical properties of the isotopes?	What are the chemical properties of isotopes?
Why can't I post a link in groups at LinkedIn?	Why can't I post in LinkedIn groups?
How can an alarm on an iPod Touch be canceled?	How can an alarm on an iPod Touch be postponed?
If universe expansion create more gravitational dark and vacuum energy without limit?	Is dark/vacuum energy infinite because the expansion of the universe is infinite and more and more of it is created as the universe expands?
How do I lose 20-30 kg?	How should I lose weight?
Can I learn C++ on a Mac?	Do you know how can I learn C++ on a Mac?
How can I get my account banned for life from Quora? I want to go out with a bang.	How do I get banned on Quora?
How do I add something to my reading list in Quora?	How can I "Add to Reading List" something as of May 2016 in Quora?
Can life really exist beyond Earth?	Is there any life form outside earth?
What is the best advice you can give to a 17-year-old girl?	What advice would you give to a very optimistic (sometimes foolishly optimistic) 17 year old girl?
What is the Pendleton Act? What is its importance?	What is the Pendleton Act? What did it do?
What are the best ways to lose weight fast?	How can you lose gigantic love handles FAST?
What are little things that defied logic?	What are some things that defied logic?
How do I save money while online shopping?	How can I save more on online shopping?
How can I learn assembly language 8086? I didn't understand any line of code? Where to start? What to do?	How can I learn assembly programming of 8086?
Why doesn't honey spoil?	Why does honey never rot?
How much does a Restaurant owner earn in Mumbai?	What is the income of a restaurant owner in Mumbai?
What is the best restaurant in London?	What are the top/best restaurants in London?
Why is the NDTV news channel banned for one day on 9th of this month?	Why was Hindi news channel NDTV India banned for one day?
What are the worst places to visit in the world for tourists?	What are the worst places to Visit?
Who will win the 2016 presidential election?	Who do you think will win the 2016 presidential election?
How do I can remove fear of an interview?	How do I remove fear of an interview?
Is Trump still going to build a wall a make Mexico pay for it?	How will Mexico pay for wall?
Which operating system do most programmers use?	Which operating system is most preferable for developers and programmers? And why?
How do I get a Japanese girlfriend in the USA?	How do I get a Japanese girlfriend in the the US?
I want to code. Where do I start learning?	I want to learn coding how should I start it?
Which are some of the best YouTube channels to subscribe to?	What are some best YouTube channels?
How many years old is hinduism?	How old is Hinduism?
How can I control my emotions and actions?	How can I control my emotion and fears?
What is the best way to get traffic on your website?	How can I increase the traffic to my website?
What are some of the interesting Sherlock Holmes puzzles?	Where can I get the Sherlock Holmes puzzle?
How can we control our dreams?	Can we control our dreams?
What's the difference between a panic attack and a seizure?	What is the differance between seizure attack and panic attack?
How should I talk to the girl I like?	How do you go up and talk to a girl you like?
What do you think maturity means?	What is maturity and how do I develop it?
What is the best digital marketing course available online and offline in India and Why?	What is the scope of digital marketing in India for an MBA marketing student?
Can we control our feelings and thoughts? How?	How do our thoughts control our feelings?
How good are Planet Audio amps?	Are Planet Audio amps any good?
Why is Japan called an "archipelago"?	Why is Japan an archipelago?
Are the new 2016 MacBook Pros worth the upgrade?	What do developers think about the new MacBook Pro?
I'm 18. How can I make money online?	What is an easy way make money online?
How did you overcome porn addiction?	How do I self rehab from masturbation and porn addiction?
Which is the best song of Enrique iglesias?	What are some best songs of Enrique Iglesias?
How can you get rid of moles on your face?	How do you get rid of moles on your face?
How do you view the Indian government's decision to fight "black money" by scrapping 500 rupee and 1000 rupee notes?	What do you think of PM's decision on the banning of 500 and 100 rupee notes?
How useful is operational research in finance?	How is operations research applicable in finance?
How can you delete your Yahoo account?	How do you disable a Yahoo account?
Why do Android OS updates have names based on candy?	Why are android code names named after confectioneries?
What are the benefits of pranic healing?	What are the advantages of pranic healing?
How do I reduce belly fat that I had since young?	How should I reduce my belly naturally?
What are some CV worthy online Digital Marketing courses?	What is the scope of digital marketing in India for an MBA marketing student?
What are some popular method to do suicide?	What are some popular methods to do suicide?
What programming languages are best to learn?	What is the best programming language for a beginner?
How do I learn all about Indian stock market before investing?	Where can I learn the basics of Indian stock market?
Why is 1 not a prime number?	Is 1 a prime number?
How do I become rich?	Let's cut out the crap. How can somebody really become rich?
How do I overcome emotional attachment?	How do you overcome emotional attachment?
Do stretching and hanging exercises really work to increase height at age 22?	Can I increase my height by doing stretching exercise?
Who is your most relatable fictional character?	Which fictional character do you believe is the most like yourself?
Empathy: How can I stop being very much empathetic?	How do I stop being an overly empathetic person?
When did humans start having names?	When in history did we start giving people names?
How shall I study to get AIR below 40 in IIT JEE with just 15 months left?	I have 15 months left for JEE. Can I get into an IIT if I pledge to work hard from now? Possible?
Where can I get friendly services in Sydney for bathroom wall tiles?	Where can I get unparalleled shopping experience in Sydney for floor tiles?
How can I get 1 million users on my app?	How can I get a million users on my social app?
How do I cure my pimple?	How do you cure pimples?
What Modi will do after banned of 500 and 100?	What would be next strike from PM Modi after Demonetisation?
Can we catch an asteroid on earth?	How can we catch an asteroid?
What is formwork?	What is the formwork?
What are the best ways to come out of depression?	How can you come out of depression?
What is meant by personality development?	What is personality development?
How do I hack into a Twitter account?	Can I legally hack a Twitter account?
How will Trump or Clinton presidency affect foreign students?	How will Trump’s presidency affect international students in the US?
If Trump becomes president what will happen to US stock market? Should I divest before the elections?	What will happen to the stock market if Trump gets elected?
Can we turn back time?	Could humans ever travel back in time?
How can I develop effective writing with coherent thinking as I am preparing for civil service exam?	How can I develop effective writing with coherent thinking as I am preparing for civil service question?
Which Quora user has the most followers?	Who are the most followed people on Quora? Why do they have so many followers?
What is an accurate way to calculate your IQ?	What is the most accurate way to measure IQ?
How can I help my depressed friend?	How do I help my friend with depression?
How does banning 500 and 1000 rupee notes help to control black money?	How would demonetizing 500 and 1000 rupee notes and introducing new 2000 rupee notes help curb black money and corruption?
What is Balaji Viswanathan's opinion on the Indian Prime Minister Modi's new policy about illegalization of 500 and 1000 currency notes?	What do you think about RBI's new move of banning 500 and 1000 notes?
If you drive from east to west at 1040 mph on the equatorin do you move across the surface or does the planet move below you?	If you drive from east to west at 1040 mph on the equator do you move across the surface or does the planet move below you?
Is timetravel possible?	Do you think time travel is possible?
What can I do to improve communication skills?	How do I develop my communicative skills?
Is it okay to be insecure about the fact my girlfriend of 2.5 years decided not to have sex with me but had it with her ex to whom she lost her v?	My girlfriend of 2.5 years never had sex with me but she did with her ex (her first love) whom she was with for 3 years. Should I feel insecure?
How do i get serious about my life?	How do I become serious about my life?
Do I need Java on my computer?	What is Java? What do I need it for?
What is the best way to stop worrying and start living?	How do I stop worrying so much?
Why is Quora so much against Trump?	Why is the Quora forum so overwhelmingly against Donald Trump to the point of slander?
Why did Modi ban 500 and 1000 rupees notes and not 100 rupee notes?	Why the banning of 500 and 1000 rupees notes?
What is that one thing you don't regret in your life?	What are the things you should never regret in life?
My questions are fine. Why does Quora keep saying they need improvement? It's frustrating.	Do Quora users still see questions that are marked as needing improvement?
What information can I find out about someone if I Know their social security number?	What can I do to protect myself if I know someone has my Social Security Number?
How can I understand english?	How can I improve fluency in English?
How can I recover the deleted messages from my iPhone 5?	How can I recover deleted text message in iPhone?
Is it possible to hack WhatsApp?	Can someone hack my smart phone using WhatsApp?
Why do some people ask simple direct science questions in Quora when there are sufficient resources available in internet?	Why do people ask questions here in Quora instead of just googling?
What will be Hillary Clinton's India policy if she wins the election?	What will be the Hillary Clinton's India policy if she become the president of USA?
What are some interesting facts about neuroplasticity?	What is the importance of neuroplasticity?
How do I stop my Lab puppy from biting?	How do you stop a 10-month puppy from chewing your furniture?
How much weight can one lose in ome month?	How do I lose weight in a month?
Do Muslim women wear burqa out of choice?	Can it be argued that wearing a burqa is a freedom of choice?
Who will be India's next Prime Minister after Narendra Modi?	Who will be the Prime Minister after Narendra Modi?
What is the role of an administrative officer in an insurance company in India?	What is the role of Administrative officer in New India Assurance Company Limited?
How is life at the NDA?	How is life at NDA?
How do I know if a guy likes me in office?	How can you tell a if guy likes you?
Why do we use electoral voting instead of majority vote?	Why does the US election system follows electoral college instead of popular vote?
How many nationalised banks are there in india?	How many nationalised banks in India?
How would scrapping Rs 500 and 1000 notes affect the real estate sector?	How will real estate prices be affected in India after banning of 500 and 1000 rupees notes?
How do you know if you are in love or just limerice?	How do you know if you have fallen in love with someone and not just like them?
What are the reference books and the best book to prepare for cbse ugc net paper 1?	Which would be the best book to prepare for UGC-NET Paper 1?
Why are the former French colonies comparatively much more unstable than the British ones?	Why are old French colonial countries less developed than the British ones?
Which are your two favorite podcasts?	What are some great podcasts?
What is human right?	What are human rights?
Why is life very unfair?	Why is life so unfair for some people?
Are we run by a shadow government?	Is there a shadow government?
How do I recover my deleted data files from a hard disk?	How can I recover my deleted files from computer?
What is the best gift for father?	What are the best gifts for dad?
What are the differences between external fertilization and internal fertilization? What are their similarities?	What are internal and external fertilization? What are their functions?
What is your review of Raja Raja Chola I (One Of The Greatest Emperors Of India)?	What is your review of Raja Raja Chola I?
How did Dumbledore get his Phoenix Fawkes?	How did Dumbledore end up owning Fawkes?
How can I improve my speaking?	How can I improve my English pronunciation?
If speed of light is the fastest then how it is measured?	How was speed of light calculated?
Is it necessary to do MBA for business?	Is it necessary to do MBA to become an entrepreneur?
How will Trump's victory influence on global economy?	How would a Trump presidency impact the global economy?
Do guns make Americans safer?	Why do Americans think that more guns will make people safer?
What was your near death experience like?	What is your near death experience?
Are there any celebs on Quora?	Which celebrities are on Quora?
How are people earning billions from home by simple Uber app hack?	How are my friends earning millions from home just by using Uber app?
Why does Quora block all my questions with "needs improvement"?	My questions on Quora all need improving. How do you ask a question on Quora?
What are the similar website to Quora?	Is there any other website similar to Quora?
Who loves derick rose?	Who loves derrick rose?
How are international students from Hong Kong going to be affected after Donald Trump becomes president?	Should I consider NOT pursuing masters (MS) in US if Donald Trump becomes the President?
Do you like Chinese products?	Do you like Chinese products? Why?
Is there any Evidence and unbiased proof of surgical strike?	Has India provided any proof of the surgical strike?
How does God look like?	What do you think God looks like?
How can I get into Kean University?	How to get into Kean University?
What are the most dangerous cities in the world?	Which city or town is the most dangerous to live in and why?
What are some beautiful images of death (as a concept or idea)?	What are some of the beautiful images of death?
Does Quora means" question or answer"?	What is the Quora means?
How does a boy feel when he put his penis inside vagina?	How does a man feel when his penis is inside a vagina?
What are some ways to deal with anger and frustation?	Anger Management: How do you deal with anger?
What are some of best IAS coaching centres in Chennai?	What are the best IAS coaching institutes in Chennai?
Why doesn’t honey spoil?	Does honey go off/spoil?
Is unifunds.com legit?	Is unifunds legit?
What is the best "suit watch" for under $10000?	What's the best "suit watch" for $10k or under?
How do crop circles form?	How did crop circles originate? Is there any logical explanation behind this phenomenon?
Can Quora employees view who posted the question when Quora users post it anonymously?	Does Quora know its me when I post anonymously?
What will be the procedure of neet counselling 2016 for private colleges?	What will be the procedure of counselling of neet 2016 in private colleges?
What 's your favorite book?	What are your favorite books?
What is the implementation of Robust API?	What is the use of Robust API?
Why is Syria so politically unstable?	Why Syria is so disturbed and politically unstable?
Are Turks and Azerbaijanis considered white?	Are Turks white?
How do I get more traffic on my website?	How can I increase traffic to my site and what are some suggestions on how to get more of it?
Is it possible to love more than one person at the same time?	İs it possible to be in love with 2 people at the same time?
Do millionaires listen to gangsta rap music?	Do billionaires listen to gangsta rap music?
How do I gain weight in a healthy way?	What is the best weight gain treatment for gaining weight?
What is the worst place in the world to live?	Which is the worst place to live in the world?
Which is the best hollywood movie you have seen?	What is your best Hollywood movie and why?
How is black money curbed with the ban of 1000 rupee notes and introducing new 500 and 2000 rupee notes?	How does the latest decision of abolishing 500 and 1000 rupee notes help the Government curb corruption?
How do I get a job in NASA from India?	I want to have scientist job in nasa from India?
Are humans naturally greedy?	Are we naturally greedy?
Should people over 90 not be allowed to vote?	Should people over 97 not be allowed to vote?
What can we do for hair loss?	How can a teenager reduce hair fall?
What are some of the best free SEO tools available?	What is the best free SEO tools?
What is the most funny joke you have ever heard?	What's the funniest highbrow joke you've ever heard?
What does it mean men say "need to take some time" in a relationship?	What does it mean when a guy says "need some time" in a relationship?
Which are the best universities in Europe for doing Masters in Materials Science?	What are the best European colleges for pursuing Master in Materials Science?
Why do assholes finish first and nice guys always finish last?	Is it really true that nice guys always finish last?
Has the yeti been scientifically tested?	Have hobgoblins been scientifically tested?
Is a PhD really worth pursuing?	Is a PhD worth it?
What are the causes of chattering teeth on dogs?	What can cause chattering teeth in dogs?
How should I get started with Arduino?	How do I get started with Arduino?
Is the art Mona Lisa excessively hyped?	Is the Mona Lisa the most over-hyped work of art?
How do I get all my Google contacts onto my iPhone?	How do I import Google Contacts to my iPhone?
Where is the oldest temple in the world?	What are the oldest temples in the world?
Which places are a must visit in munnar if travelling with friends?	Which places should I visit in Munnar?
How can I persuade my parents to let me wear makeup?	How do I convince my parents to let me wear makeup?
Will the world end?	When will be the end of the world and why?
What are the best GMAT coaching in Delhi/NCR where I can get all the facilities?	What are best and reliable institutes for gmat in Delhi-NCR?
How do I start blog and earn money from it?	How do I make money from blog?
Why do we allow guns and ammo in airline baggage?	Why do airlines allow guns and ammo on checked baggage?
What is tge joining procedure at Accenture after getting recruited? Do I get to choose my training centre?	What is the joining procedure at Accenture after getting recruited? Do I get to choose my training centre?
How can I change my mentality?	Do we really need authority to change our own mentality?
How can I speak English fluently and fast?	How I can speak English with fluency?
What will happen after I die?	What happens if we die?
How do the Chinese see Russia?	What do Chinese people think of Russians and/or Russia?
Have you ever had a bad online shopping experience?	Have you ever got a bad experience with online shopping sites?
What are the reasons people cheat on their partners?	Why do people cheat on their partners?
Can I delete my own question after it's been answered?	How do I delete a question on Quora application?
How do I place my first question on Quora?	How we can post in Quora?
How do I increase the sensitivity of my penis head?	How do you increase the sensitivity of penis head?
If vacuum gravitational and dark energy is created without limit as universe expands?	How is dark/vacuum energy created with the universe conserved if it is not conserved? Can infinite of these be created?
How can I avoid daydreaming?	How do I stop daydreaming? And concentrate on reality?
What's the meaning of " bless you" in response to your sneezes?	Why do they say "God bless you" when you sneeze?
Which earphone is best under 1000?	Which is the best earphone under 1000 INR?
Which one is the most romantic Bollywood song according to you?	Which is the most romantic bollywood song?
What is Bernoullis equation?	What is the statement of Bernoulli's equation?
How can I gain follower on Quora blog?	How do I gain a following on my blog?
Why did Emperor Claudius invade Britain?	Why did the Emperor Claudius invade Britain?
Can you track a package without a tracking number?	How do I track a package without a tracking number?
Does Donald Trump actually want to be the president?	Why do you think Donald Trump is running for President?
How does an airplane fly?	How aircraft fly?
What I can do after core Java but having very less interest in core Java?	What should I do after learning Java core as per today's demand?
How can I earn money online?	What is make money online?
Who will win the election in united states?	Who will be president of the united states?
Why do men have to cheat?	Why is it that most men cheat?
How can I gain thousands of Twitter followers?	How do I gain Twitter followers?
What can be affected for the scrapping Rs. 500 and Rs. 1000 currency notes?	What will be the long term effect of removing 500 and 1000 currency notes?
What are the job opportunities for Indians in Germany after doing MS in mechanical engineering in Germany itself?	How are job opportunities in Germany for an Indian student with a Master's in mechanical engineering?
How is India reacting to the terror attack on Uri Camp in September 2016?	How should India respond to uri attacks?
What is your most unpopular opinion that you wholeheartedly stand by?	What are your most controversial or unpopular opinions?
What books I should read?	Which books are worth reading?
What other countries think about India?	What other countries think about India? Why?
What are the pros and cons of a universal world language?	What would be the advantages and disadvantages of having one world language?
What’s the worst thing that has happened to you?	What's the worst thing that's ever happened to you?
How do you learn to speak a foreign language?	What are the best ways to learn a foreign language by myself?
How winning money from YouTube?	How can you make money on YouTube?
Which is the best philosophical book ever written?	Which philosophical books would you consider to be the best (or among the best)?
Is Hillary Clinton too sick to be POTUS?	Is Hillary Clinton mentally/physically fit to be president?
How can I think like Sherlock Holmes?	How can I get really good at deducing things like Sherlock Holmes?
What does ADHD feel like?	What does it feel like to be an ADHD?
Is there some painless way to suicide?	What is a painless suicide method?
Which is the best college in india for aeronautical?	Which is the best college for aeronautical engineering in india?
Who are the great mathematicians on Quora?	Who is the best mathematician on Quora?
How the nano GPS chips (NGC) in Indian 2000 Rupees notes works? Can’t people deactivate it?	Is it true that the new 2000 rupees notes have a GPS chips?
What are the best career books or resources to decide on a career?	What are the best books on career advice?
Which is the best korean drama of all time?	Which is the best Korean drama?
What is the most painless way to kill yourself?	What are the most painless ways of killing oneself?
Where are the best places to have sex?	What is the best place for sex?
Is "Sheila" in Australian really a derogatory word?	How did the Australian term "sheila" originate?
How can I find my lost phone?	How do I find my lost phone?
What is a security council?	What is the UN Security Council?
What is the role of engineer trainee in Cognizant IT IS?	What is the job role of Engineer Trainee in Cognizant IT IS?
What is the use of plastics in daily life?	What are the uses of plastic in daily life?
How do I start a new life in a new Country?	Where can I start a new life in new country easily?
What is it like to have minor depression?	What is it like having mild depression?
Is smoking bad?	How is smoking bad?
Why is my dog vomiting a white liquid? How can I treat this?	Why is my dog dry heaving white foam?
How do you take a screenshot on a Mac?	How do I take a screenshot on my MacBook Pro? What are some instructions?
Which is the best cigarette in India?	Which is best cigarette in India?
How can I be a better person and improve my questions on Quora?	What are the ten best ways to improve my questions on Quora?
What it is like to study in New Zealand for the Indian students?	What is the process to study nursing in New Zealand for an international student?
What are the best books to learn advance c++?	What are some good novice books for C++?
How do I make a girl love me after being friendzoned?	How do I make a girl like me who friendzoned me?
How safe is it to browse the dark web?	How safe it is to browse deep/dark web?
What is the purpose of human life with more than 7.2 billion souls on this planet?	What is the purpose of human life or life in general?
How am I supposed to get back into my Facebook if I forgot my email & password? I just want it deleted?	How do I get into my Instagram if I forgot my email and my Facebook password?
Can someone motivate me?	Could someone please motivate me?
How do I start blog and earn money from it?	How can I make money from a blog?
What should I do if I forgot my email and password for my snapchat?	Can you use a different email account to log back into Snapchat?
How do I deal with the jealousy?	How do I control my jealousy?
Is the new 2000 Rupee note really implementing NGC (Nano GPS Chip)?	Is this NGC (Nano Gps Chip) real?
Can we use spark plugs in diesel engines?	Why does petrol engines need spark plug but not diesel engines?
How do I read and retain faster and effectively?	How do you read and retain effectively?
What type of government does Vietnam have now? How did they obtain it?	What type of government does Vietnam have? How was it created?
Why doesn't America convert to the metric system?	Why hasn't the United States switched to the metric system?
Is it necessary to have sex in relationship?	Is sex important in love?
How do I get a 4.0 GPA in community college?	How can an individual succeed in community college and graduate with a 4.0 GPA?
What will be the implications of banning 500 and 1000 rupees currency notes on Indian economy?	How will India be affected now that 500 and 1000 rupee notes have been banned?
How does WhatsApp makes money?	How do messaging apps such as WhatsApp make money?
What is the craziest conspiracy theory you've heard?	What is the craziest political conspiracy theory you've heard?
How do I approach a girl in college?	How do I approach a college girl on campus?
How do online compilers work?	How does an online compiler work?
How do I regain the privilege of asking anonymous questions on Quora?	How do I get unbanned from asking anonymous questions on Quora?
What do people on Quora mean when they say "thanks of the a2a"? What does a2a mean?	What does "Thanks for the A2A" mean?
Where can one take a real IQ test?	IQ Testing: Where can I go to take a legitimate IQ test?
What are the keys to becoming a successful realtor?	How do I become a successful realtor?
What are the healthiest methods to lose 20 pounds or more in the less than 10 days?	What kind of diet should I be on if I want to lose 20 pounds in 10 days?
What is inertia and how is it related to mass?	How is inertia related to mass?
What can I do to increase penis size?	How can the penis be enlarged?
How does whatsapp encryption work?	What is this WhatsApp encryption all about?
How is a barometer is used to measure air pressure?	How is a barometer used to measure air pressure?
How can I earn money by writing a blog?	How can I earn money online by writing blogs?
What is the best teacher student story you know?	What is the best teacher and student relationship story you know?
What exactly is internet of things?	What exactly is Internet of Things (IoT)?
Is the agricultural sector a failing one in India?	What went wrong with agriculture sector in india?
How much does it cost to create a website (commercial website) in India?	How much does it cost to build a website in India?
What are the easy ways to earn money online?	What's the easiest way to make money online?
What's are your resolutions for 2017?	What are some new year resolutions for 2017?
Can I find someone's Gmail address by their name?	How do I find a previous gmail address in my name?
Can you trademark or patent a clothing design?	Can you patent clothing or fashion designs?
Would you let your 10 year old daughter be near Donald Trump?	Would you let Donald Trump be near or hang out alone with your daughter?
How do you post question in Quora? I posted many but rejected.	How do I post something in Quora?
How can I make the most money online?	What are the best ways to make the most money online?
What would be a cool way to commit suicide?	What are some painless ways to commit suicide?
What are careers in marketing communications?	What are some careers in Marketing communications?
How can I root a Nexus 6?	What is the easiest way to root a Nexus 6?
Donald Trump has won the presidency election. How does it affect US relations with India?	Will relations between India and the USA get affected with Donald Trump as President?
How does the US election system works?	How does the American election system work?
What are the benefits of playing football?	What are the benefits of playing football outdoors?
What should be the steps to be taken from the station master after a local heats a person?	What will be steps to be taken from the station master after a local heats a person?
Which film/films made you cry? Don't forget to mention the reason.	Which is/are the movie(s) which made you cry?
What could be the effect of GST bill on Indian economy?	Is consumption based GST good for Indian economy?
Do homosexual people get aroused by their own body?	Are gay people attracted by their own bodies?
Why do people in Quora gives long answers even for a simple question?	Why do people usually tend to give a long answer even if the question is really simple?
What was your favorite song of 2016?	What was your favorite song in 2016?
Will my 12th standard marks matter if I want to do my medical residency in the USA?	Do Grade12 standard marks matter for medical admission?
How do I loose weight fast?	How do I lose weight faster?
What will happen if one day the Google server went down?	What will happen if Google servers went down for one day?
What are the best videos on YouTube?	What are some of the best YouTube videos everyone should watch?
Is it fine to Snapchat my ex everyday or do I look desperate and clingy?	Is it fine to Snapchat my ex everyday or do I look desperate?
Which is the best programming language for a beginner to learn?	What is a good first programming language to learn?
Where is Ai Weiwei today?	Where is Ai Weiwei?
How do I add my Yahoo account to Outlook?	How do you connect Yahoo Mail to Outlook?
What is on-page SEO?	What is onpage seo?
Which is better - an arranged marriage or a love marriage?	Which is better: an arranged marriage or a love marriage?
What is the scope of financial management?	What is the scope and nature of financial management?
What are some tips for doing well on ACT reading?	What are some tips for doing well on the ACT?
How can I study for a long time without getting tired?	How do I study for long time?
What are some books by Bhagat Singh?	What are some books written by Bhagat Singh?
What are the must watch movies to see before you die?	Which are the must watch movies?
How can I become a software engineer at google?	How can I become a software engineer of Google?
What will be the effect of banning 500 and 1000 notes on gold rate and real estate?	What will be the impact on real estate by banning 500 and 1000 rupee notes from India?
Can we install/integrate Android OS in Samsung Z3?	Can I install android OS in Samsung Z3?
Is Donald Hoffman’s interface theory of perception really the true explanation of reality?	Is interface theory of perception true?
What are some tricks to study effectively?	How can I study more time and more effectively?
Is is safe to take laxative pills to lose weight? If so which are the best ones?	What are the best laxatives to lose weight?
How do I get to speak fluently English?	How can I learn & speak & write English?
How do you post a question on Quora?	How can I make a question in Quora?
Why does 500 and 1000 Rs notes banned by GOI and new notes of 500 and 2000 are issued?	What do you think about the ban on 500 and 1000 denomination notes in India?
How famous is Priyanka Chopra in America?	Is priyanka chopra actually famous in the US?
What are some fun ways to improve your vocabulary?	What are some fun ways of increasing vocabulary?
What is Modi's biggest weakness?	What is Narendra Modi's weakness?
What is the difference between IES and ESE?	Is there any difference between IES and ESE?
How can I become a motivational speaker?	How can I be a motivational speaker?
Where can I get a legit hacker?	How do I hire a hacker?
How can I lose weight safely?	How do I lose weight without quitting?
What are good movies on Netflix?	Which movies or TV shows would you recommend on Netflix?
Why should one join startup?	Why should I join a startup?
How will I turn my life around?	How should I turn my life around?
How do I make learning a good habit?	How do I make learning a habit?
How can I increase traffic to my site and what are some suggestions on how to get more of it?	How can I increase traffic on my blog?
What does it take to be a top writer on Quora?	How can I become a Top Writer on Quora?
How do I put on condom?	How do I use condom?
What are some interesting movies in 2016?	Which is the best movie 2016?
What are some arguments for and against the classification of transgender as a mental illness?	How is being transgender not a mental illness?
How do you understand the movie---"No Country for Old Men"?	How do you understand the movie---No Country for Old Men?
How do you react when someone asks your salary?	What is your response when someone asks about your salary?
What is the most interesting thing we learned about the United States' World Cup team in their match against Ghana?	What is the most interesting thing we learned about Ghana's World Cup team in their match against the United States?
Why does India launch most of its heavy satellites from abroad?	Why some satellites are not launched from India and they are launched from French Guyana?
What are the main parts of brain and how do they function?	What are the main parts of the brain and how do they work?
What happens if you combine manganese dioxide and hydrogen peroxide?	What products are formed after a reaction of manganese dioxide and hydrogen peroxide?
What should I do if my puppy throws up white foam?	What does it mean if a dog is throwing up yellow foam? How can it be treated?
Which company provides the best professional SEO service in India?	What is the best SEO management company in India?
Can you suggest a website where I could give/ buy good online mock tests for SSC CGL 2016 ?	Where can I practice online for SSC CGL 2016 mock tests? Are these test series paid?
How can I learn stage design?	How can I learn stage designing?
Can you offer me any advice on how to lose weight?	How do I suck it up and lose weight?
Is WW3 inevitable?	Will there be WW3 soon? Why or why not?
How close are we (or not close) right now to World War 3?	Is World War III coming?
How do I get a dream?	How can I have a dream?
Who are your favorite Quorans of all time and why?	Who's your favorite Quoran and why?
Can I make Android apps/games with Python? What are some examples?	Can you code an Android app completely in python?
How can a young man of 20 years stop masturbation?	How can one stop masturbation?
How can I become hacker?	How can I become a hacker?
Where did Hitler die?	Where did Adolph Hitler ended?
How can a blocked call be traced?	How can I trace blocked calls?
Can you gain lean while being in a slight caloric deficit?	Can you gain lean muscle mass in a slight caloric deficit?
What are your three wishes for the genie lamp?	What are your three wishes?
Is India secular country?	Is India a secular country in true sense?
Which is the best song of 2016?	What were the best songs of 2016?
What is an alkali?	What mean by alkali?
Why do ceiling fans rotate anti-clockwise and table-fans clockwise?	Why do table and ceiling fans rotate in the opposite direction?
Time Travel Is It Possible?	Could time travel be possible?
How do I turn my weakness into strength?	How can you turn your weaknesses into strengths?
What is the meaning of life without having any friends?	What is the meaning of life if you don't have friends?
What are 2 deficiencies in the design of the language C that can lead to safety problems and how?	What are the safety issues in the design of C language?
Why do some people believe that the world is flat?	Why are there still people who believe the world is flat?
My palms keep on sweating all day. How do I stop it?	How can you stop your palms from sweating?
What is the best travel hacks? Please comment.	What are the best travel hacks you know?
How can I get back in my Facebook without a vaild email or password?	How does one get Facebook to reset your account when your Facebook account is hacked AND your email is hacked?
What is the basic difference between cv and resume?	What is difference between CV And Resumé?
I'm fat. How do I lose weight?	What are the best was to lose weight?
What are some things you want to accomplish before you die?	What do you want to do before you die?
What is the best example of the phrase, "What goes around, comes around"?	What is your own experience of "What goes around comes around?
What are the Major problems in Indian education system?	What is wrong with the Indian education system?
Are the orbits of the planets synchronized on the same plane?	Are the orbits of each planets coplanar?
Can a time machine really be invented?	Will the time machine ever be invented?
How are IIT professors paid?	How much salary do professors at IIT get?
What is your creative New Year's resolution for 2017?	Do you have any New Years resolutions for 2017?
Why has the Congress virtually abandoned the UP election campaign?	Why has Congress virtually abandoned the UP election campaign?
What is the difference between a payment service provider and a payment processor?	What is Difference between Payment service provider and payment processing?
What's the best way to learn English?	What the best way to improve English?
What are the cheapest college/university in Canada for international students?	What is the cheapest university in Canada for international students?
How do I become a billionaire by 25?	How can I become a billionaire?
What is that cause my heartbeat rate to increase after I take a birth control pill?	What causes increased heart rate after taking birth control pill?
Why there is a coach reserved for women in the Delhi metro?	Why are there coaches reserved for women in Delhi Metro? Why does the government do such things while endorsing equality in society for men and women? Isn't this unfair for men?
How can I increase traffic very soon on my blog?	How can I increase the traffic on my website without investing?
Is it bad to not want to have kids?	Is it okay if I don't want to have kids?
What is the eligibility for GRE?	What is eligibility criteria of GRE?
What is the best soothing song you've ever heard?	What are the most soothing songs that you have ever heard?
How do you post blogs on Quora?	How to creat a blog on quora?
How can you rapidly lose weight in 14days?	How do I lose weight fast by perfect weight Loss plan?
How banning 500 and 1000 rs note will help fight corruption in India?	Would demonetization of 500 and 1000 rupee notes actually help in curbing black money in India?
What are the main component of SSIS (project-architecture)?	What are the main components of SSIS (project-architecture)?
How can I start building video hosting site?	How could I build a video hosting service?
Who will win the 2016 presidential election?	Who do you think will win the 2016 Presidential Election?
Why Arnab Goswami resign times now? And start entrepreneurs.?	Why is Arnab Goswami resigned as the Editor-in Chief of Times Now and ET Now?
What are some of the top paying career options after doing a B.Tech in mechanical engineering?	How will a gap of two years after earning a mechanical B.Tech affect my career?
Is it possible to know who viewed your profile on whatsapp?	How can you check who viewed your profile on WhatsApp?
What would the world be like today if Hitler won WWII?	What would the world have been today if Hitler had won the World war 2?
What are the funniest jokes / stories you ever heard?	What is the best joke you have ever heard?
Why Quora has word limit for question and question descriptions?	Why did Quora limit question details to 300 words?
Where can I get quality assistance in Sydney for any property transaction?	Where can I get quality support in Sydney for purchasing a property?
What are some ways to call the US from Italy?	How can I call the US from Italy?
Why do people ask so many Googleable questions on Quora?	Why do people bother to ask questions on Quora they could just google to get the answer?
What are some great beginner ways to learn JavaScript?	What are the best resources to learn Javascript?
Which country will be the best for the MS in computer science?	Which are some of the best countries to do MS in computer science?
What is the difference between abnormal and dysfunctional uterine bleeding?	What is the difference between abnormal uterine bleeding and dysfunctional uterine bleeding?
What games can I run on an Nvidia GeForce 920m?	What games can I run on Nvidia GeForce 920m?
Is there life after life?	What is the life after death.?
Which countries once invaded Philippines and committed atrocities to Philippine people in the past 200 years history?	Which countries have the track records of invading Philippines and comiting atrocities against the Philippine people in the past 200 years?
What is Oracle's SOA?	What is oracle soa?
What will happen if the earth goes out of orbit?	What would happen if Earth fell out of its orbit and became a rogue planet?
Why the Modi government ban the 500 and 1000 notes?	Who suggested Narendra Modi to stop the circulation of Rs 500 and Rs 1000 notes?
Are there any games more complicated and strategically analytical than Go?	Are there any card games more complicated and strategically analytical than Go (the board game)?
Where can I get best support in Sydney for buying a property?	Where can I get best assistance in Sydney for any property purchasing?
How do I merge two Quora accounts?	Can you link two Quora profiles into one?
Do you really "Love" your parents?	Do you love your parents?
How do I become more creative?	How can I become artistic and creative?
How can I make money on WhatsApp or by WhatsApp?	How do I make money from WhatsApp?
What led to Cyrus Mistry ouster from TATA GROUP?	Why did the Tata Sons sacked Cyrus Mistry?
Where can I get very affordable horse riding lessons in Melbourne?	Where can I get very cheap horse riding lessons in Melbourne?
How does banning 500 & 1000 rupee notes solve black money problem?	How will banning the present 500/1000 notes fight black money if it can be exchanged?
Does the 2000 note have a chip inside for its tracking?	Is that true 2000 note has embeded with GPS chips?
What makes life so much worth living for?	What should I do to make life worth living?
How can I increase the traffic to my website?	How do I increase traffic on my site?
What is the best exercise for belly fat?	How can I reduce my Belly and tummy fat?
Are the orbits of the planets synchronized on the same plane?	Are all planets orbiting in the same plane?
How many types of chemical reactions are there?	What are the three types of chemical reactions?
What are the easiest ways for me to make money?	I am unemployed what are some easy ways to make some money?
What should I do to be a successful person in life?	How do I become a successful person in life?
How do I reduce my weight?	How should I lose weight?
What would make a person wake up in the middle of the night and want to go for a jog?	Why would a person wake up in the middle of the night and have the urge to go running?
What is your resolution for this year 2017?	What are some new year resolutions for 2017?
What is the function of nucleoid in a bacteria?	What is the function of a nucleoid in a bacteria cell?
Why does the spirit of Queen Elizabeth the First not find rest?	Does the spirit of Queen Elizabeth not fine rest?
What does it feel like to be a stripper?	What is it like to be a stripper?
Which is the well developed city in India?	Which is the most developed city in India?
How can long distance relationships be successful?	Can a long distance relationship still exist? How can you make it work?
How can I learn to write better essays?	How can I get better at writing essays?
How can you speak and learn fluent English like Karan Johar?	How can I learn to speak English fluently?
How will a boy know whether a girl likes him or not?	How do I know if this girl likes me?
What are some good sites for downloading English songs?	Which are some good websites for downloading free English songs?
Can animals ask questions?	Do animals other than humans ask questions?
Should I give Halloween candy to a trick or treater who is not wearing a costume?	Is it wrong to give kids who are trick-or-treating and not wearing costumes lower quality candy for Halloween?
What is the secret of keeping a successful long distance relationship?	How can I maintain my long distance relationship to the best of my ability?
What should I do to concentrate more on my studies?	How do I concentrate better in my studies?
How do I can boost my self confidence?	How can I improve my confidence?
Where can I start learning JavaScript?	From where I should start learning JavaScript?
Where can I get best assistance in Sydney for any property purchasing?	Where can I get quality assistance in Sydney for any property transaction?
How do metals react with bases?	How metals react with bases?
What are the differences between subsistence and commercial agriculture?	What are the basic properties of subsistence and commercial farming?
How should I start to learn c language?	How do I get interest in C language and start coding?
What are the best free iOS apps?	What are some best free apps on iOS?
How does long distance relationship work?	How are long distance relationships maintained?
What is the new technology behind new 2000 rupee note?	What is special about the new 2000₹ note?
How can changing 500 and 1000 rupee notes end the black money in India?	How can discontinuing 500 and 1000 rupee will help to control black money?
What is your view on supreme court current decision on playing national anthem before the start of the movie?	What is your opinion on playing of national anthem before movie shows being made compulsory in India?
What type of stomatas are present in the epicarp of dill fruit?	Which type of stomata is present in the epicarp of dill fruit?
How can I improve my public speaking skills?	How do you improve speaking skills in public?
Why did Ratan Tata remove Cyrus Mistry?	Why was Cyrus Mistry removed from the chairmanship of Tata Sons?
Why do some people think that the Earth is flat?	Why do some people think Earth is flat?
Which company is better Infosis or Tech Mahindra?	Which company is better to join as a fresher: Tech Mahindra or Infosys?
Why are answers on Quora always politically correct? Why do people want to fake being so nice and play victim always?	Why the users of Quora are so politically correct?
How much is too much too drunk?	When am I too drunk?
Who has viewed my Instagram?	Can someone see if you have viewed public Instagram?
What is the importance and function of the large intestine?	What are the main and most important functions of the large intestine?
What is the difference between a turbocharger and a supercharger?	What is the difference between a super charger and turbocharger?
How do I get my cat to stop biting me?	How do I stop my cat from biting my hands?
How much tax do a non resident earning 60000$/annum have to pay in USA?	Being a non resident in USA How much tax do I have to pay if I earn 60000 $ per annum?
How can gain my weight?	How can I gain weight naturally?
How can I delete an old Facebook account that I forgot it's password?	Is it possible to login to Facebook without password?
Why did Govt. print 2000 rupee note and create a havoc for change?	What's new about the new 2000 rupee note that will help curb black money?
What are your views on India banning 500 and 1000 notes? In what way it will affect Indian economy?	How it will the latest change in the denominations of Rs. 500 and 1000 affect the economy?
What are the best Android apps to gain more knowledge?	What are the best knowledge gaining apps for Android?
Earth Science: Where is a Matlab land mask function for land/water grid cells on a 180x360 grid of the world?	Earth Science: Are there Matlab land/water mask functions for each of the oceans and continents on a 180x360 grid of the world?
What are the safety precautions on handling shotguns proposed by the NRA in New Hampshire?	What are the safety precautions on handling shotguns proposed by the NRA in Georgia?
Is there any way that Bernie Sanders could still become president?	Will bernie sanders ever become president?
Is it better to learn front-end web development or iOS application development?	For an indie developer is it better to get into iOS development or Web application development?
What's the best way to prepare for GRE?	What are the best ways to prepare for GRE?
Who is Donald Trump's base? Why is he popular? Why are people voting for him? Why do people like and support him?	Why do people continue to support Donald Trump even though he's so inconsistent?
What does it feel like to be tortured?	What is it like to be tortured?
What is the purpose of life? Why are we here?	What according to YOU is the purpose of life?
Why do clowns creep us out?	Why clowns creep me out so much?
Do bananas help digestion? Why?	How can bananas help relieve an indigestion?
What are the best 50 weapons to be used in the Zombie Apocalypse and 10 equipment options to have with you at said time?	What are the best (50) weapons for the Zombie Apocalipse?
Which are the top incest movies ever?	Which are the movies with incest themes?
What can I do after a BDS in Canada?	What can I do after BDS in Canada?
How do I read minds?	How can we read someone's mind?
How can the new user experience of Twitter be improved in 2016?	How can the new user experience of Twitter be improved?
What were World Trade Centers used for?	What are the World Trade Centers used for?
Is there a scope of SEO in India?	What is the scope of SEO in India?
Where is the proof of alien life?	Is there any real proof of aliens?
Is vitamin water a great cure for hangover?	How helpful is vitamin water if you have a hangover?
What are the best Netflix and Chill horror movies?	What are the best horror movies on Netflix?
What is the best embarrassing moment of your life?	What are the most embarassing moment in life?
How can I improve my story writing skills?	How can I improve in my writing?
What are your views about demonetisation in India?	What do you think about banning 500 and 1000 rupee notes in India?
How can I reduce my uric acid levels in my body?	How does blood uric acid can be reduced?
How do I know that my spouse is cheating on me?	How will you know if your partner was or still cheating on you?
How do I deal with extreme Social anxiety disorder?	How do I deal with social anxiety disorder?
Which is best consultancy for abroad studies in Chennai?	Which are the best study abroad consultants in Chennai?
Where do I find a simple to understand solution on how to lose weight?	What are the best ways to lose weight? What is the best diet plan?
Who is the most beautiful actress in Hollywood?	Who are the 5 most beautiful actresses in Hollywood Movies?
Which is the best QuickBooks proadvisor tech support number?	Which is the best QuickBooks Hosting Support Number in New York?
What will be the salary for the person working in TCS at USA?	What is the approx salary TCS give to USA employees ?
What are some CV worthy online Digital Marketing courses?	Which is the best digital marketing course?
Is it possible to get out of the friend zone?	How can a girl get out of the friend zone?
Which branch is good for engineering mechanical or computer science?	Which branch is better: mechanical or computer science engineering?
What should I do for belly fat?	Whats the best way to reduce belly fat?
How will a 2 year gap after 12th affect my placement?	How will my placement affect engineering after a gap of 2 years after 12?
Do insects like ants and coxkroaches feel pain?	Do insects feel pain?
How do I overcome depression without psychiatric help?	Has anyone overcome depression by themselves without external help?
What is your favourite part of history?	What is your favourite part of history and why?
How can you avoid your cheeks from swelling after a wisdom teeth removal?	How do you minimize the swelling after the removal of wisdom teeth?
Are there any really good French songs and French movies to be recommended?	What feel good french movies and songs have you seen and loved in the past 10 years?
How long does it take to fix a wheel bearing?	How long does it take to replace a wheel bearing?
Can I remotely gps track another phone?	Can I use GPS to track my cell phone if it is stolen?
Does Donald Trump has chamces to win US elections?	Can Trump recover and still win the election?
At what age did you first realize you were gay/bisexual and how did you realize it?	When did you realize you were gay/lesbian/bi? How did it feel?
How did Jimmy Wales start building the wikipedia?	What made Jimmy Wales start Wikipedia?
Is it possible to stop masturbating?	How can one stop masturbation?
How can men train themselves to have multiple orgasms?	How do men have multiple orgasms?
What are some tips for keeping ice cream from melting?	Why does ice cream melt? How can you keep it from melting?
How can one defend oneself against an aggressive dog?	How do you protect yourself against an aggressive dog?
How much do women masturbate?	How often girls masturbate?
Why do people ask stupid questions on Quora that could be easily answered by Google?	Why do people ask basic questions instead of searching them?
How do you do the keyword research?	How do you do your keyword research?
Why do people ask questions on Quora that are easily to find answers too on Google?	Why do so may people ask questions on Quora that can easily be found by a simple Google searh?
What is good way to spend a Sunday in Bangalore?	What is a good way to spend a long weekend in and around Bangalore?
What would be the best day of your life?	Can you describe the best moment or the best day in your life?
What is the diffrence between computer science and computer engineering?	What is the differences between Computer Science Engineering and Computer Engineering?
How do I improve my English language?	How can I improve my spoken English?
How I hack Facebook account?	How can I hack the others Facebook account?
Life: What is the sweetest thing that someone has ever said to you?	What was the sweetest thing you have ever heard or experienced?
What is the least painful way for suicide?	What is the most painless way to do a suicide?
What are the best books for practicing for the IIT JAM math exam?	What are the best books for preparation of IIT JAM mathematics?
How can I make sure to become a management consultant?	How can I become a management consultant?
What is the best laptop to buy in the range of INR 20000-25000?	Which is the best laptop model within 25000 rupees?
What life changing damages have your parents unknowingly done to you?	What life changing damage have your parents unknowingly done to you?
Why did MS Dhoni leave the captaincy of ODI and T20?	Why did MS Dhoni quit ODI and T20 captaincy?
What is the difference between a front-end developer and back-end developer?	What is difference between front end and back end web developer?
What is the IQ Test Jake Williams used to obtain his 148 score?	How did Jake Williams calculate his IQ?
How do you feel about the "Crooked Hillary" moniker Trump gave you?	How does Hillary Clinton feel about the nickname "Crooked Hillary"?
Psychology of Everyday Life: What are some of the greatest examples of presence of mind?	What is the example of Presence of Mind?
Which Books should I prefer for IIT-JAM Physics preparation?	What are the best books to prepare for the IIT JAM physics exam?
If PM Modi wants to curb black money? Why was the new 2000 rupee note introduced?	How will the introduction of new 2000 rupee notes help in curbing the black money?
How do I improve my pronunciation of English?	What are the most efficient methods for me to improve my English?
What're some good songs to make a lyric text prank?	What are some good lyric prank songs to send your best friends?
What scripting language is useful for web development?	Which server-side scripting language combination should we use in web development today?
Is a JD/MBA worth it?	Is a jd/mba a good idea?
How can I log into Facebook without putting in a password?	Forgot my Facebook password and email password. How can I log into Facebook?
How exactly does "Amazon Go" work?	How does Amazon's new "Amazon Go" work?
What is the process of starting an online store?	How do I start an online store?
How improve my english mail writing skills?	How do I enhance my English writing skills?
How good is codecademy?	How useful is Codecademy?
Which are the best and cheapest universities in the USA for doing an MS in computer science?	Which university would be the best for an MS in computer science in the USA?
What does it mean for a DC motor to be at full load or half load?	What does it mean for a DC motor to be at full load?
Is World War III coming?	Is World War 3 more imminent than expected?
What is the easy way to make money online?	How can I start to make money online?
How can I become a successful web developer and freelancer?	How do I become a successful freelance web developer?
What is the worst that will happen to America if Trump becomes president? What if Hillary does?	What is the worst thing trump could do?
Can we love two person at the same time?	Is it possible to love more than one person at a time?
Which is the best joke you have ever heard?	What is the funniest joke you have ever read heard or listened?
Why do people believe in flat earth?	Why do people still believe the world is flat?
How can I increase traffic to a story blog?	How can I increase the traffic on my website?
What is the difference between single beam and dual beam osciilloscope?	What's the difference between a single and double beam oscilloscope?
Why is the NDTV news channel banned for one day on 9th of this month?	Why has NDTV been banned for a day?
How do I get all the list registered to your gmail account?	How do I find my list of GMail addresses?
Can you offer me any advice on how to lose weight?	Where do I find a simple to understand solution on how to lose weight?
What are bugs you noticed on Quora?	Are there any glitches you have noticed on Quora?
Has Marc Bodnick decided on his future plans yet?	What is Marc Bodnick going to do next?
How much can I earn renting a car to OlaCabs or the Uber company?	How do I give my car on rent to ola or Uber and how much profit will I earn?
Why do we allow the so-called jews to be alive or buried?	Why are the so-called jews allowed to be alive or buried?
What if everyone in the world stopped wearing clothes?	What will happen if all humans stopped wearing clothes and roam like animals?
What would happen if an astronaut dies in space while on ISS?	What protocol is followed by astronauts if a fellow astronaut dies on board the ISS?
What is the best method of losing weight?	Which are the best ways to lose weight?
What was the objective of US military in Vietnam and why did they pull out?	What was the objective of Vietnam war?
Do distance relationships work? How can you make it work?	Does a long distance relationship really work?
How and why did trump win?	How come Trump won?
Why do some people think the Earth is flat?	Why are so many people obsessed with the flat Earth theory?
How is it working for google?	What is it like to work at Google?
Who should be blamed for the poor performance of India in Rio Olympics?	Why India is not able to perform well in Rio Olympic 2016 as compare to London and Beijing Olympics?
Which is the best gaming laptop under Rs.60000 in India?	Which is the best gaming laptop under Rs 60000?
What are your views on the recent Indian surgical strike on terror camps in PoK?	What you think about recent India's surgical strike in Pakistan?
What are classes in Python?	What is classes in python?
My syllabus is more or less done. What should I solve and what or how should I revise for the JEE 2017?	My syllabus is more or less done. What should I solve ? How and what should I revise for JEE 2017 now?
What is the best way to reduce body weight?	Which are the best ways to lose weight?
How many atoms are present in 60 gram of Cuso4.5H2O?	How many atoms are present in 60 grams of cuso4.5h2o?
How do foreigners view Singapore?	What do foreigners think of Singapore?
Can people actively control their emotions?	How can I control my bad feelings and emotions?
Does playing chess improve logical thinking?	How does playing chess improve logical thinking?
What are synthetic fibers? What uses do they have?	What are synthetic fibers? What are some examples of synthetic fibers and how are they used?
Why can't you make coffee with a tea bag?	Why doesn't coffee come in coffee bags (just like tea bags)?
What does a Future School look like to you?	What should future schools look like?
How can you hack into somebody's bank account?	How do you hack bank accounts?
What is your prediction on Uttar Pradesh Assembly elections 2017? Who is going to win UP this time?	Who will win the 2017 Uttar Pradesh assembly elections?
How can we reduce masturbating?	How should I stop masturbating?
How do I allocate time to revise CA final subjects regularly?	I have my CA final papers this November. How do I utilize my time best among all the subjects in order to achieve maximum efficiency?
Who are the most intelligent people to follow on Quora?	Who are some of the smart people to follow on Quora?
How do I turn off the screen overlay in Samsung j7?	How can I turn off the screen overlay detected on my Samsung Galaxy J7 Prime?
What was the weirdest dream you have had?	What is the weirdest dream you've ever heard?
What are some useful tips to overcome Writer's Block?	What are some tips to get over writer's block?
How do I ask a question on Quora? Please help it is very urgent.	How do I place my first question on Quora?
What's the best album to work to? 	What are the best albums to work out to?
What are some interesting places to visit in Chennai?	What are some unique places to visit in Chennai?
What is the chemical formula for zinc? How is this determined?	How is the chemical formula of zinc determined?
What are good books for data structures in Java?	Which is the Best book to learn data structure in Java?
How much do you know about China?	What do you know about China?
How can we earn some money in online?	What are my options to making money online?
I want to get married and bring my wife to USA on dependent visa. How much time will it take to get marriage certificate in India (GOA)?	How much time does it take to get a marriage certificate in India?
Can I get pregnant through oral sex?	Can a girl get pregnant by eating sperm?
How can I increase traffic on my blog on Blogger?	Which SEO tips are required to increase the traffic of a Blogger (blogspot) blog?
Which programming language is better for web programming?	Which programming language and technology to choose for web programming?
What are the best ways to improve my English because I'm not good in English?	How I can improve my English communication?
Why is manaphy whining?	Why is Manaphy whining like a baby?
How do I get to just tell investors about my startup idea?	Who do I contact to raise money for my startup idea?
What are the top songs on your playlist now?	What are the top 5 songs in your playlist?
What is the best way to stop getting angry?	How can I stop getting so angry?
What is one thing you want to do before you die?	What do you want to do before you die?
How can I overcome masturbation and/or porn addiction?	How did you overcome porn addiction?
How do I succeed in an interview?	How do I succeed in a job interview?
What are some best Hollywood romantic movies to watch?	Which is the best romantic movie?
What are some of the must have apps for doctors and medical students?	Can you guys suggest some must have apps for a medical student?
Who would you vote for between Donald Trump and Hillary Clinton?	Donald Trump or Hillary Clinton?
How does a blind person know when to stop wiping themself when they go the bathroom?	How do blind people know when they have finished wiping their bum?
When do birds build nests? How do they build it?	How do birds build their nests?
How long can sperm survive?	How long does sperm live?
How do you fix saggy boobs?	How do I lift my saggy boobs?
What part of the brain controls balance and coordination and how does it do it?	What part of the brain controls balance?
Who is using deep web?	Who uses deep web?
What are some of the best ways to start a conversation with a girl?	What's the best way to start conversation with a girl you like?
Which are the best cricket academy in India?	Which is the best academy for cricket in India?
What are some good books on marketing psychology?	What is the best book for marketing psychology?
Which is the best institute for CFA level 1 in Pune?	Which is the best institute in Pune for CFA certification?
Who will be the USA next President?	How's the outlook for Donald Trump looking at becoming our next president?
Why does India feel insecure with CPEC?	Why is India frustrated and upset by Pakistan CPEC?
What are some good things about Pakistan that everybody should know?	What are some good and bad things in Pakistan?
Which fruits or vegetables should be eaten to get vitamins?	Which fruits or vegetables should be eaten regularly to get vitamins?
What is the best mobile game?	Which is the best mobile game?
What are the companies recruiting mtech environmental engineering freshers?	What are the companies recruiting mtech environmental engineers freshers?
Does the law of attraction really work?	How does law of attraction work? Is it real?
Which are the best trusted websites for job searching?	What is the best job search site?
What are the advantages of jailbreaking an iPhone 6?	What are the reason why someone would jailbreak an iPhone 6?
What situations led to World War 1?	What was the reason behind world war one and world war two ?
Why is Spotify not available in India?	Daniel Ek: When will you launch Spotify in India?
Why are Pug/Cavalier mix puppies coveted among breeders?	Why are Cavalier/Pug mix puppies so coveted among breeders?
What are your favorite football quotes?	What is your favorite football quote?
How does one learn advanced maths?	How does one learn math from the very beginning?
What is a real success?	What do you think about the real success?
How will the decision of scrapping INR 500 and INR 1000 notes affect real estate prices?	How will abolishing Rs. 500 and Rs. 1000 notes affect the real estate businesses in India?
Do you think scrapping of 500 and 1000 rupee denominations is going to eradicate corruption?	How does the latest decision of abolishing 500 and 1000 rupee notes help the Government curb corruption?
How did Donald trump win the elections?	How did Donald Trump win your vote?
How is the word 'servile' used in a sentence?	How is the word "servile" used in a sentence?
Can anything exist without time?	Can something exist without time?
How do I make new friends in university?	How can I make friends when starting university?
What is the difference between scripting languages and object oriented programming languages?	What is the difference between scripting and programming?
How do I think like Sherlock Holmes?	How can I think and observe like Sherlock Holmes?
Is Narendra Modi a corrupt politician?	Do you think Narendra Modi is a corrupted politician?
What are some good experiment ideas with polymers?	What are some good experiments with polymers?
Is time travel possible? If yes how	Is time travel already possible on Earth?
How was the KVPY 2016 SA paper? What is the expected cutoff?	What is the most probable cutoff of KVPY SA 2016?
What are the best jokes ever?	What are the all time best jokes?
Why do people have to ask Quora for questions?	What is the #1 reason people ask questions on Quora?
Where can I get best qualities outdoor tiles in Sydney?	Where can I get huge selection of floor tiles in Sydney?
How do I hack WhatsApp remotely?	It is possible to hack whatsapp messages?
What's your opinion on Islam?	What's your idea about islam?
What is the amount of black money in India the form of currency?	What percentage of black money in India is stored in notes?
Has Ancient History been scientifically tested? Is it all real? Did it happen differently than we were told it did? Did it even happen at all?	Have Ancient Akkadians been scientifically tested?
Why is the Quora page so slow to load?	Why is Quora so slow and laggy?
What are the most followed and most discussed Quora topics till 2016?	What were the most followed topics on Quora in 2016?
How do I find someone on Quora?	How could I find someone on Quora?
How do I go in for the kiss?	How can I be ready for a kiss?
Which phone is best under 15k?	Which is best mobile under 15000?
Why is 2000 rupee note introduced and the 1000 rupee note is scraped? Why can't 1000 note also be changed to new ones like the 500?	If PM Modi wants to curb black money? Why was the new 2000 rupee note introduced?
What are the websites you check everyday?	User Loyalty: What are the first 5 websites you sign onto everyday?
Which is the best way to learn hacking just as a hobby?	What is the best free hacking websites?
What is the most embarrassing thing you have done in front of your crush?	What is the embrassing moment in front of your crush?
What is ram in the context of computer?	What does RAM mean with computers?
How can I make money from drone?	How can I make money from the Inspire 1 drone?
Is peer pressure harmful or beneficial to students and individuals at large?	Is peer pressure harmful or beneficial to individuals?
What do start up CEOs do?	What does a start up CEO do?
What are the most followed questions in 2016?	What are the most followed questions on Quora for 2016 so far?
What are some of the defining moments of your life?	What was the most defining moment of your life?
How do I open a software company?	How can I open a software company?
What could be the consequences of recalling 500 and 1000 rupee note?	What is the use of banning 500 and 1000 rupee notes and introducing new 500 and 2000 rupee notes?
How will releasing new 500 and 2000 rupee notes help in eradicating black money?	Why is the Indian government producing 2000 rupee note as it can be easily used for black money?
What would it take to date you?	What does it take date you?
What factors should be kept in mind while starting a new business?	What are some of the basic things which must be kept in mind while doing business for the first time?
Which cycle has the greater thermal efficiency an Otto cycle or a Diesel cycle?	Which cycle has the greater thermal efficiency in Otto cycle or a Diesel cycle?
Have you ever been to a brothel? How was the experience?	Have you ever been to a whore house?
How do you play a DVD in iTunes?	How do you play DVDs in iTunes?
How do I overcome OCD?	How can I solve OCD?
What are the incarnations of lord Krishna in kaliyuga?	Lord krishna has different Avatars in all Yugas.. How come he has no avatar in Kaliyuga?
Why is British Columbia named "Columbia?"	How did British Columbia get its name?
Who do you think will win Trump or Clinton?	Who do you think will win the 2016 presidential election?
Does coffee really make you not tired and energized during the day?	Does coffee make you tired?
What are some ways of recycling staples?	Can you recycle staples?
Career Advice: What are the success tricks for preparing Gate in 3 months?	How do I prepare for gate in 6 months?
Is there any physical proof of aliens on earth?	Unidentified Flying Objects: What is the single best proof of aliens existing?
Can i get pregnant the day after my period ends?	Can you get pregnant 2 days before your period has ended?
How can I lose weight in a month without doing exercise?	How do I lose weight without doing exercise or diet?
Which programming language should I learn if I want to develop gaming apps?	Which programming language should I learn if I am interested in game development?
Why don't people think someone will become a trillionaire?	Is it possible for someone to become a trillionaire?
What is an easy way make money online?	What should I do to make money online in India?
What are some things that look easy but are difficult?	What are some things that look like easy but are difficult?
Why do athletes bite medals when they finish on the podium?	Why do winners bite their medals and trophies?
What is your reaction about the ban on Rs. 500 and Rs. 1000 notes? Won't it create a chaos and harm the economy?	What do you think about ban on Rs. 500 and Rs. 1000 currency notes?
What is your view on Demonetization in India?	What is your view on demonetisation?
I'm mixed race black and white.should I blame my self for slavery?	Im confused: I'm mixed race black/white. should I stop and search myself and then cell my self the drugs I find?
How and when was the telephone invented?	How was the telephone invented?
What was your most memorable experience in the United Arab Emirates?	What are unique experiences not to miss in the United Arab Emirates?
What can I do to make my hair thicker?	What can I do to make my hair look healthy and thicker?
Who are most influential mathematicians and their contributions?	Who are some of the most influential mathematicians?
How is time travel possible?	Could time travel be possible?
Which is your favourite star in the sky and why?	What is your favourite star in the cosmos and why?
What is your review for Ae Dil Hai Mushkil?	Should I watch Ae dil hai mushkil?
My wife wanted to wear a knee or thigh length skirt during the islamabad tour. Can it be worn in public places like Centauras Mall etc?	My wife want to wear a knee/thigh length skirt. Can it be worn in Islamabad during our tour?
How can I get a OBC NCL Certificate?	How does one get a NC OBC certificate?
What are the biggest myths that liberals hold about conservatives?	What major misconceptions do US liberals have about US conservatives?
Which is the Best Bollywood movie in 2015?	Which are the best Bollywood movies of 2015?
How do you lose weight in school?	How do you lose weight at school?
What do you think of Prime Minister Narendra Modi's decision to introduce new INR 500 and INR 2000 currency notes?	What are your views on PM Modi's decision on discontinuing 500 & 1000 rs notes?
Which government job is best in India?	What are the best government jobs in India?
Will web servers always support php?	Will web servers stop supporting PHP?
What are the online part time jobs in India?	Which is the best online part time job in India?
What is the assumed walking speed in Google Maps's time estimates?	What is the pace of walking in Google Maps?
What do Trump supporters provide for reasons why should I support Donald Trump?	What are your reasons for voting for Trump?
Do women like anal sex?	Do girls love anal sex?
Why do we lose friends as we age?	Why do we lose friends as we get older?
What are ways to commit suicide?	Besides hanging yourself what are other ways people commit suicide?
Will China become a democracy?	Will China ever become a true democracy?
How can I specifically improve my English?	How can I improve my English pronunciation?
How can I become more focused on school?	How do I can become focused on school?
What do you need to do for a soft opening of a coffee shop?	What's the secret to a successful coffee shop?
Can I not use Facebook Workplace without a unique domain email address?	Is there any way to reset my Facebook personal upload email address?
What is it like to own a guinea pig?	What is it like to raise a guinea pig?
How do I join the porn industry as a transgender male?	How can a transgender woman join the porn industry?
How does the economy of India work?	How does the Indian economy work?
How has the year 2016 been for you?	How was the year 2016 for you?
How do you start a male escort and stripping service?	Are there real male escort jobs and not fake in Kolkata?
Why did the Germans in WW2 have such advanced technology?	How were the Germans so scientifically/ technologically advanced in WWII?
Who invented the light bulb?	Who invented the light bulb? How did the idea come to them?
How do I become a successful Youtube personality/star?	How does one can become a successful YouTuber?
Will Trump’s victory affect the Indian students in the US?	What does Trump victory means for Indian grads?
How did Donald Trump win the 2016 US Presidential Election?	Why did Donald Trump win the 2016 American election?
How do I contact a real hacker?	How can I hire a hacker?
Why don't Quora users simply use Google first before asking a question?	Why do some people use Quora when a dictionary or Google could be used instead?
How can I make money with YouTube videos?	How can I make money on YouTube?
Why is Spotify not available in India?	Daniel Ek: When will spotify be available in India?
How do you pitch an idea for a documentary?	How do I pitch an idea for a documentary?
How does an author get more views and upvotes on Quora?	How can I get more views and upvotes on Quora?
Can a psychopath love?	Is it possible for a psychopath to be in love?
What's your favorite meme?	Which is your favorite meme?
How banning 500 and 1000 rupees note will curb the corruption and black money in India?	Would demonetization of 500 and 1000 rupee notes actually help in curbing black money in India?
What makes a German Shepherd/Great Pyrenees mix such a loyal companion?	What makes a Labrador/Great Dane mix such a loyal companion?
What is life? What are we chasing after? Is this pre-decided?	What's life? What are we chasing after?
Is Elon Musk an INTJ or INTP?	Is Elon Musk an INTJ?
How should I prepare for Clat 2017?	How do I prepare for CLAT 2017?
How can I develop my English spoken skill?	How do I improve my spoken English skill?
Does India need a dictatorship?	Does India needs a dictatorship?
What are some of the best websites to download movies?	What are the best sites for downloading movies?
How do I lose weight ayurvedically?	How can I lose weight at age 55?
What is the one thing that scares you the most?	What is the thing that scares you the most?
How come traffic from Quora comes up as "direct / none" in my Google Analytics reports?	Why do clicks from Quora come up as direct traffic in my Google Analytics reports?
How do politics affect share market?	How does political scenario affect stock market?
How do I find a good English name for myself?	How can I get a good english name?
Do Vimax pills really work? Why or why not?	What are Vimax pills and how do I use them?
Which is the best self help book you've ever read?	What are the top self help books I should read?
Who will replace John Key as the next PM of New Zealand?	Who do you think will be New Zealand's next prime minister now that John Key has resigned?
What are the best ways to think of ideas for a startup in India?	What are the best ideas for startups in india?
How do I learn [math]\LaTeX[/math]?	Where can I learn LaTeX?
How should I improve my English speaking and writing skills?	How do I improve my English writing skills?
What should you do if you want to lose a lot of weight?	How should I lose weight?
How did you meet your girlfriend/boyfriend?	How did you meet your boyfriend or girlfriend?
How to convert ideas into action?	How do I convert my idea into action?
Is there any cure for vitiligo?	Is there any treatment for vitiligo?
If we discovered a small population of proto-humans living in the tropical rain forests of Africa what would happen?	If we found a population of proto-humans living somewhere in Africa what would happen?
What do you do if you get a fake rupee note?	What would you do if you unknowingly received Rs. 50 fake note?
What are the advantages of cooperative federalism?	What is federalism? What are the advantages?
How do I become more confident in front of girls?	How do you become more confident when speaking to girls?
Which is your favourite song and why?	Music: What's your favourite song at the moment?
What's the best book for learning to program?	What is the best book for programming?
What was the Battle of Somme?	What is the significance of the Battle of the Somme?
What is the best way to become a good programmer.What are some good ways to learn programming from the scratch?	What are some good websites to learn programming from scratch and become expert?
Why has Quora changed its font (in answers)?	Why was the default Quora android app font changed?
How do you prepare for an earthquake?	How should I prepare for an earthquake at home?
Why is India performing poorly in the 2016 Rio Olympics?	Why India is not performing in Rio Olympics?
Do children lie? Why?	Why do children lie?
Why do the United States prefer electing their presidents by electoral vote instead of popular vote?	Why does the US election system follows electoral college instead of popular vote?
What is the funniest thing you have ever heard?	What is the funniest thing/story you've ever heard?
What can I do to improve my English speaking?	How can I continue to improve my English?
How can I improve my English in all aspects?	How can I increase my English fluency?
How does the HP OfficeJet 4620 Airprint compare to the HP DesignJet Z3200 24-in PostScript Photo Printer?	How does the HP OfficeJet 4620 Airprint compare to the HP LaserJet Enterprise M604dn?
Why is china favouring Pakistan in blocking India's bid at the UN for a ban on Pakistani terror group Jaish-e -Mohammad chief Masood Azhar?	Why does China keep on blocking India's bid to label Masood Azhar as a terrorist?
Why Cyrus Mistry has been removed from Tata Group?	What is the reason behind replacing cyrius mistry from Tata sons?
Why would people want to co-witness their sights with a red dot?	Why do people want to co-witness their sights with a red dot?
How do I significantly improve my grades?	How can I dramatically improve my grades?
What is your biggest fear for the future?	What is your biggest fear about the future?
How can I become a WordPress expert?	How can I become an expert in WordPress?
What is the best institute for CAT preparation in Delhi?	What is the best coaching institute for the CAT preparation in Delhi?
Why is the Indian government afraid of the truth by banning the Australia journalist report on India and China war in 1962 for over 50 years?	Why has India banned the Australia journalist’s report from publishing on the true India and China war in 1962 for over 50 years?
Which is the best book for learning Python 3 for absolute beginners?	What is the best book for learning Python easily?
What companies should Google acquire?	Which startups should Google acquire?
Daniel Ek: When an we expect Spotify in India?	Daniel Ek: When is Spotify coming to India?
What are some best resume?	What are the best resume ever?
What's the easiest way to make money online?	What is the easiest way to earn money from online?
Should kidney transplant person go for marriage?	Should a kidney transplant person go for marriage?
What is difference between hydraulic and pneumatic motor?	What is the difference between hydraulics and pneumatics?
How do I become intelligent?	How can I become intelligent?
How can Indian Education system be reformed?	What should change should bring in education system of India?
What did you think about the first 2016 US presidential debate?	What do you think of the first US presidential debate?
What are some mind blowing things that mos't people dont know?	What are some mind blowing gadgets and tools That most people dont know?
What are some of your New Year's resolutions for 2017?	What is your New Year's resolution for 2017?
How do you beat Facebook?	Is there any way to beat Facebook?
What are the possible options for India to deal with Uri terror attack?	How can India retaliate against terror sponsored states after the recent Uri Attack?
What are some of the best ways to thaw lobster tails?	How do you quickly thaw frozen lobster tails?
How can I recover my hacked Instagram account having 6k+ followers?	How do I recover hacked Instagram account?
Should reservation be removed from India?	Is reservation should be removed or not in India?
Who named our planet as earth?	Who named our planet 'The Earth'?
How can I improve my English speaking ability?	How do I improve my overall native English language?
What are your best sex experiences?	What was best sex you ever had?
I am a final year student who has developed feelings for a first year student. Should I wait to confess my feelings to her and take my time?	I am a final year student who has developed feelings for a first-year student.Should I wait to confess my feelings to her or take my time?
What are the best online courses for digital marketing?	Which is the best platform to learn online and get knowledge + certification for Digital Marketing or every course in general?
How can I burn my fat?	How should I get rid of extra fat?
How can I exactly find out my goal in life?	How can I find goal of life?
How do I write great essays?	How can I write a essay?
Can you get pregnant while on your period?	Can you get pregnant on your period? How likely is it?
How can I improve my logic?	How do I improve my logic?
How can one withdraw his PF online?	How do I withdraw PF online?
What is the best thing to take after you just quit meth cold turkey?	What is the best way to quit meth cold turkey?
Is eating one healthy meal per day plus lots of water a good way to lose weight?	Can eating only one meal a day make you lose weight?
What all setup I need to be a Distributor of a company in India?	What do I need to be a distributor of a company in India?
What are some ways to grow taller at the age of 20?	What is the effective way to get taller at age of 20?
How can I make a healthy home made pizza?	How do I make a Healthy Pizza? Can anyone tell me?
What is the best MBA program?	What are the best MBA Programs?
What was the best smartphone of 2016?	Which is the best smartphone in 2016?
Which team do you think will win the IPL 2016?	Which team is the favourite to win IPL 9 (2016)?
Which is the best coaching centre in Hyderabad for IAS coaching?	Which is the best institution for IAS in Hyderabad?
Is there a chance that Donald Trump turns out to be a very good president?	Why would Donald Trump make a good president?
Can we pursue biotechnology after B.tech in mechanical engineering?	What are the best option after completing my B.Tech in mechanical engineering?
Who is Sachin Tendulkar in Cricket?	Who is Sachin Tendulkar?
Which are the top places to visit in Kerala?	What are the places to visit in Kerala during September last and October 1st?
What should I do to get internship in startup?	How to get an internship with a startup?
Is there BDS have scope in India or not?	Does BDS have scope in India or not?
How do you improve speaking skills in public?	What can I do to improve my public speaking skills?
Why government bans 1000 rupees note and instead of they made 2000 rupees note? Will not make problems of change(khulle)in country?	Why Modi govt did not release new 1000 rupee note instead released 2000 rupee note?
How do I prepare for CPT?	How do I study and excel in CA CPT?
How do I get deleted emails back from gmail?	How can I recover my emails from my Gmail account?
What book do you recommend of Bukowski?	With which book should I start reading Bukowski?
Why doesn't Aamir Khan attend Bollywood award functions?	Why is Aamir Khan not attending any awards functions?
What is the white smoke behind a vehicle when it breaks the sound barrier?	What causes the vapor cone when aircraft breaks the sound barrier?
What are some DIY ways to remove scratches from car?	How do I get scratches out of a car?
What are the strangest or most mind-blowing facts about some famous Bollywood movies?	What are some of the strangest facts about famous Bollywood movies?
How can I lose max weight in 14 days?	What is the fastest way to lose weight successfully?
How do I stop daydreaming so much?	How do I stop daydreaming all the time?
If the universe is infinite then how can it expand? What is it expanding into? Is an infinite universe consistent with the idea of multiple universes?	How can the universe be infinite if it is expanding?
How do you not waste time on the internet?	How do I ensure that I don't waste time on the Internet?
What should one do when depressed?	What do I do when depressed?
How should I live a happy and satisfied life?	What is the best way to remain happy and satisfied with life?
What are the best TV shows on Netflix?	What are some of the best TV series to watch on Netflix Instant streaming?
What qualities do you admire in Donald Trump?	What do you admire about Donald Trump?
What do I do when my iPhone freezes?	What can you do if your iPhone freezes?
Can a ex-president of India become the Prime Minister?	Can the ex-president of India become the prime minister of India?
What is the best way to make more money?	What are some interesting ways to make money?
What's your best travel hack?	What is the best travel hack?
Why do people ask questions whose answer can be easily found on the internet?	Why do people ask questions on Quora that could simply be googled?
What are the life changing books that everyone should read?	What have been the most influential books you’ve read?
What major is best for cyber security work?	What degree is best for Cyber Security?
What should I do to make money online in India?	How do we make money online?
How can I improve my english within 6 months? Can I improve my english from books?	How can I learn English very well within 6 months?
How do I crack the IBPS PO exam?	How can I crack IBPS PO exam?
What are job prospects after PHD in Computer science?	What are the opportunities after PhD in Computer Science?
I want to get into Google summer code 2017.How do I prepare?	What should I do to get an entry in the Google Summer of Code contest?
What is the TDR charged by banks?	What is TDR in banking?
How do I calculate IQ?	How can I find my IQ?
Why is it important to have an education in a person's life?	What is the importance of education and knowledge in one's life?
How do I remove the dry scalp or dandruff permanently?	How do I rid of dandruff permanently?
What is make money online?	How can I make money online consistently?
Is Toronto a safe city?	Is Toronto a dangerous city?
Are the IRA terrorists?	Is the IRA a group of freedom fighters or terrorists? Why?
Daniel Ek: Why is Spotify not available in India?	Spotify: When will Spotify be available in India? What are the reasons for this unavailability?
How did Donald Trump win your vote?	Why did America vote for Donald Trump as President in the 2016 Elections?
Which are best places to live in China?	As a foreigner which is the best place you have lived in China?
How can I study better?	How do I study better at school?
Why does India perform poorly in the Olympics and other international sports events?	Why is India so bad at Olympics and football?
How I hack Facebook account?	How can I hack fb password?
What did you learn today from life?	What is your life lesson that you learn from today?
Will Donald Trump end up in some conflict of interest problem?	Will Donald Trump end up in a conflict of interest problem?
How ca n I improve my communication skill?	What can I do to improve communication skills?
How can you recover your Gmail password?	How do you recover your gmail account password?
Which test would be easier: IELTS or PTE (Pearson Test Of English)?	Which test IELTS or PTE is better for a person with good knowledge of English?
How do you get over feelings of loneliness and depression?	How do I get over with depression?
Do we need to believe in God?	Do I need to believe in God?
What are the best metals for conducting heat?	What is the best heat conducting metal?
How can I do meditation at home?	How one can do meditation at home?
Why English dominates Indian languages?	Is English transforming  Indian languages?
How do I can improve English speaking?	How can I improve English speaking?
How do I get slim in a week?	What do make a slim stomach?
How was the bear attack scene made in the movie The Revenant?	How was the bear attack scene made in the movie 'The Revenant'?
How much carbon amount that can be offset by one herb pot in one year?	How much carbon dioxide can be offset by one herb pot in one year?
Is CAT after b.tech in mechanical engineering useful?	What are all the available options for government jobs after completing B.Tech in mechanical engineering?
How does one get a girl’s number fast?	How do I get a girl’s number if I’m scared?
How do I get more followers on my Instagram?	What are the best ways to get more followers on Instagram?
What is the best and fastest way to increase your height?	How do I increase the height?
What are the safety precautions on handling shotguns proposed by the NRA in Georgia?	What are the safety precautions on handling shotguns proposed by the NRA in Kentucky?
What could I do with a math degree?	What should I do now that I only graduate with a math degree?
What is difference between Tat Khalsa and Bandai Khalsa? How can we recognize them?	What are differences between Tat Khalsa and Bandai Khalsa?
How do I start a business? Where can I get a funding in India if I have a really good idea?	How can I find funding for a startup business?
What is the best advice that you have received?	What is the best advice you've received?
What should I know about marketing If i am a programmer ?	What should programmers know about marketing?
Which is the best way of living life?	What is the best advice for a happy life?
What was Adolf Hitler’s rationale for hating Jews?	Is there any legitimate reasons for Hitler hating Jews?
What are some books that help improve our English?	What are some good books or resources to improve English?
What are the most interesting startups of 2014?	What are some interesting startups of 2014?
Why did my cheese curdle in my soup?	Why does Cheese Curdle in soup?
How do I get my English better?	What should I do to improve my English ?
What have you accomplished in 2012?	What have We accomplished in 2012?
How do I hide friends list on Facebook?	How do I hide the friends list in Facebook?
How are international students from Hong Kong going to be affected after Donald Trump becomes president?	Will international college students be negatively affected if Trump becomes president?
What is your idea or knowledge about mechatronics?	What is your review of Mechatronics?
What is the difference between mass and weight? How do you measure each?	What are the differences between mass and weight?
Will Donald Trump beat Hillary and become our next president?	Do you think Trump will be the next president?
How is first time sex experience?	What does having sex for the first time feel like?
How can I overcome the procrastination?	What are the best techniques that worked for you to overcome procrastination?
Why did President Bush attack Iraq?	Why did the U.S. under the Bush Administration attack Iraq?
What does it take to create a social media android app?	How would I start a social media app?
What is the relationship between variance and standard deviation?	What is the difference between variance and standard deviation?
How India will be benifited by Donald Trump's win in US presidential election?	What does Trump's win mean for India?
Daniel Ek: Why isn't Spotify available in India? When is it launching in India?	Daniel Ek: When will spotify be available in India?
How can I get my girlfriend back?	How do I get my girlfriend back?
What is the difference between asteroids and comets?	What is the difference between an asteroid and a comet? What are the compound materials that make them?
Will scraping 500 and 1000 rupees change anything in reality?	How will ban on 500 and 1000 rupees note affect economy of India in different sectors?
What are the most underrated TV shows ever and why are they underrated?	What are the Most underrated TV series?
Which is the best institute for preparing for GMAT in Delhi/NCR?	What are some of the best coaching institutes for GMAT in Delhi/NCR?
How is working remotely as a software developer?	What is it like to work remotely as a software developer?
Why Supreme Court directed all cinema halls across the country to play the National Anthem before the start of a film?	What are your views on the supreme court's decision to make playing national anthem mandatory in cinema halls?
Are bodysnatcher aliens real?	Are alien parasites real?
I want to commit suicide. Is there any way to make it look like a natural death?	How do I make suicide look accidental?
What are your New Years resolutions for 2017?	What's your New Year resolutions for 2017 and what will you do to accomplish your goal?
How will the decision of scrapping INR 500 and INR 1000 notes affect real estate prices?	How do the real estate prices get affected by the Indian Government's decision to de-monetize 500 and 1000 notes?
Did the Indian government ban the 500 Rs & 1000 rupees notes?	Why did the Indian government develop a 1000 rupee note but developed 2000 rupee note?
Which is the most underrated Hollywood movies in the recent times?	Which are some of the most underrated hollywood movies?
How can changing 500 and 1000 rupee notes end the black money in India?	How will demonetization of 500 and 1000 rupee notes stop corruption?
Can trump make America great again?	How will Trump make America great again?
Why are the views on my Quora stats page not correct?	Why are all time views shown publicly on my Quora profile less than the stats I see in the backend?
How do you troubleshoot an iPhone that will not connect to iTunes?	My iPhone won't connect to iTunes. How can I troubleshoot it?
How can I get a fake account deactivated on Facebook?	How do I deactivate a fake account of someone on Facebook?
Is there an advantage to PC gaming vs console gaming? Is it best to have different computers for different uses?	Is PC gaming better than console gaming?
What is cloud computing? How does it work?	What is cloud computing?
What are your thoughts on the first presidential debate between Hillary and Trump?	What do you think about the first presidential debate between Hillary and Trump?
Which is the oldest living language in the world? How does it survive?	What is the world's oldest language spoken today?
What was the most important decision you have ever made?	What was the most important choice you've ever made?
How should I earn money online working from home?	What should I do to make money online in India?
What should be done to avoid watching porn?	How can I stop watching porn?
How can I improve my professional resume?	What is the best way I can improve my resume?
How can you improve your communication skills?	What should I do improve my communication skill?
What should I do to be a successful person in life?	How do I become a successful person?
How do I develop my problem solving skills?	How does one develop problem solving skills?
Should I apply for pan card online or offline?	How can I apply for pan card and what are the documents we need to apply?
When will the black money comes back to India?	Will Indian black money ever come back? How?
How can I potty train a Pug puppy?	How do I potty train my two-month-old Labrador pup?
Which book is your favorite?	What is your favorite book and why? Who is the author?
What is the future for Google?	What is the future of Google?
Why does reducing repo rate lead to higher inflation?	How will reducing repo rates impact inflation?
What makes people who insult think that they understand one's duality?	What makes people think?
How many calories are there in semen?	How many calories does semen have?
What is the best book on heat transfer?	Which book is best book for heat transfer?
How do I create a page for a company in Wikipedia?	How do I create a Wikipedia page for my company and what are the things I should keep in mind before starting?
How will having Trump as President affect India?	How will Donald Trump winning the election affect India?
What are some of the most underrated country?	Which is the most underrated country as a travel destination?
Does honey go bad?	Why does honey never rot?
What are sun rays made of? How are they made?	What are sun rays made up of?
What is the strangest dream you have ever had?	The strangest dream you've ever had?
It is possible to meet aliens?	What is the possibility that we will meet with aliens?
What are the best Shahrukh khan movies?	Which is the best Shah Rukh Khan movie and why?
What is language?	What defines a language?
Where are all my Gmail accounts?	How do I get a list of my gmail accounts?
What have been your best sexual experiences?	What's the best sexual experience you have had?
Why is Team Fortress 2 so popular? What aspects of gaming does it offer that other games don't?	Video Games: Why is Team Fortress 2 so popular?
How did the 2008 economic recession happen?	How did 2008 economic crisis happen?
What is a short simple proof for [math]1+1=2[/math]?	Why does [math]1+1=2[/math]?
Whom should one follow on Quora? Why?	Who are some of the smart people to follow on Quora?
What is the best way to give speech?	How do I give a killer speech?
How can one be more outgoing?	How do I be more outgoing?
Who is the love solutions super specialist astrologer?	Who is the love solutions super specialist astrologer.?
What is the safest way to shave your bikini area?	What is the best way to shave the bikini area?
In what ways Quora is changing your life?	Has an answer on Quora changed your life?
How can I get rid of little black bugs in my bed?	How can I get rid of black little bugs in my bed?
How long did it take the Millennium Falcon to travel from Tatooine to Alderaan in hyperspace?	How long did it take for the Millennium Falcon to fly to Alderaan from Tatooine?
What are the best movies you ever watch?	Which are the best movies in the world?
What are your favorite books?	What are some of your favorite books?
Which Hollywood movie will be best in 2017?	What are the most eagerly awaited Hollywood movies of 2017?
How far does sound travel on an average?	How far does/can sound travel?
Why don't Quora users simply use Google first before asking a question?	Why do we need to use Quora when we have Google to search for answers?
How can I travel the world without having enough money?	How can I travel without an ID or money?
What are some of the Pokemon go hacks?	Pokemon go hack?
What is the ultimate benefit of practicing competitive programming?	How can one benefit from skills gained in competitive programming?
How did the pentadactyl limb evolve?	How and why did the pentadactyl limb evolve?
Do Singapore Politicians are helping foreigners take jobs away from Singaporeans?	Why are Singapore Politicians helping foreigners take jobs away from Singaporeans?
What's your review on harry potter and the cursed child?	How is the new Harry Potter book "Harry Potter and the Cursed Child"?
What are the best and category top hotels in Rajasthan?	What are best hotels in Rajasthan for holidays?
I turn 21 today. What advice would you give me to have a lucrative future?	I'm turning 21 today. What advice do you have for me?
How can I really become famous?	How can I become famous in the world?
Why is college tuition in the USA so expensive?	Why college in USA so expensive?
What are the basic concepts of the spiral model of decision making?	What is the spiral model of decision making based on?
Why does laptops costs less in eBay?	Why are laptops so cheap on ebay?
What is the most unhealthy food in the world?	What is the unhealthiest food in the world?
What is Garcinia Cambogia? And does it really help in weight loss?	Does Garcinia Cambogia really help with weight loss without having any side effects?
What will be the effect of possible war between India and Pakistan on Indian Stock market?	What are the chances of war between India and Pakistan and its effects on India's economy?
What are the ideal online courses for a mechanical engineer?	What are the best online courses for mechanical engineers?
Which books are the best to refer to for understanding war strategies?	Which is the best war strategy book?
How can I get the funding for my startup without revealing my idea?	How do I raise funds for a startup business idea?
Why MS Dhoni left captaincy though he was a successful captain?	Why did MS Dhoni leave the captaincy of ODI and T20?
Why did I lose money on the stock market?	Why do traders lose money in the stock market?
What is the function of the aorta?	What is the function of the aorta in the heart?
Why were the planets named after Roman gods and not Greek gods in the English language?	Why are all the planets named after the characters of Roman mythology rather than Greek mythology?
Why is every single question I ask on Quora suddenly being tagged as "needing improvement"?	Why does Quora keep marking my questions as "needing improvement"?
Should I get the new Macbook Pro?	Are the new Apple Macbook pros really worth their price?
How do I become a pilot in India?	How can I become a pilot in India that too a commercial pilot?
How do I convert a pv diagram to a ts diagram?	How can one take a P-V diagram and transform it into a T-S diagram?
Are any of the conspiracy theories actually true?	Which is the most unlikely conspiracy theory which turned out to be true?
What is the best book intro to topology?	What's the best introductory book on topology?
How can I learn how to whistle loudly quickly?	How can I learn to whistle loudly?
Does new testament rejects old testament?	Does the New Testament (of the Christian Bible) actually instruct us to disregard the Old Testament?
How do I make slime with Borax?	What is the best way to make gooey slime with Borax?
What are the best ways to earn while travelling?	What are some ways to earn while traveling?
What is the thought process behind designing a country's national flag?	What's the story behind the american flag?
What is the best framework for web app development?	What is the best framework to start build progressive web app?
Is the Samsung Galaxy S7 a better upgrade over the iPhone 6S?	How is Samsung Galaxy S7 compared to iPhone 6s Plus?
Is it possible to fall in love with someone you have never met?	Is it normal to fall in love with someone you've never met?
Why are so many Quora users posting questions that are readily answered on Google?	Why do people ask questions on Quora that can easily be answered by Google?
How can I become a better problem solver? What mindset should I cultivate?	What makes you an insightful problem solver?
How do I deal with a verbally and emotionally abusive sibling?	How should I deal with a verbally and emotionally abusive person?
Why do some completely straight forward questions get marked by Quora as needing improvement and what can you do about it?	Why is every question I post on Quora marked as needing clarification?
What is a great first car for teen guys?	What's the ideal first car for teens?
How can I become a lawyer in the US?	How can I become a Lawyer in the United States?
What is ISO 9001:2000?	What does iso 9001:2000 mean?
What are the best places to visit in Kerala?	What are the best places to visit in Kerala for college students?
How do you recover your Gmail password?	How do I recover my Gmail account when the recovery phone is no longer in service and forget my old password?
How can I watch the TV show "Friends" on my iPhone?	How do you watch TV shows on an iPhone?
When is the best time to tell your kids they're adopted?	What is the best age to tell your kid that he's adopted?
What are some examples of adverbs?	What are some good adverbs?
How will the ban on 500₹ and 1000₹ notes impact the Indian economy?	How will the ban of 1000 and 500 rupee notes affect the Indian economy?
Are there more than two genders?	Are there only two genders?
What was Your First salary amount And what's now?	How much has your salary increased from your first job?
What are some of the best sauces for fried rice?	What is the best sauce to put in fried rice?
How can I see who views my whatsapp profile regularly?	How do I see who stalks my whatsapp profile using "Who viewed me"?
What makes us alive? How do we die?	What makes us alive?
How many wars and disputes are currently happening around the world?	What wars are currently being fought around the world?
Which political party will win Punjab Assembly Elections 2017 and why?	Which Party will win the Punjab elections in 2017?
How can I become a manly teenager?	How can I be a manly teenager?
What were the contributions of the Romans to modern culture?	What were the contributions of the Romans to modern society?
Which is the best book for Beginners to learn Python?	Which is the best book for learning Python language for beginners?
Why do people say "God bless you"?	Why do people respond to a person who sneezes by saying bless you?
Daniel Ek: Why spotify is not available in India for free?	Daniel Ek: Why isn't Spotify available in India? When is it launching in India?
Where can I watch full movies online for free?	What is best site to watch free movies online?
What is one problem you are thankful you don't have?	What's a problem you're thankful you have never had?
How do you stop a German Shepherd/Golden Retriever mix puppy from chewing your shoes?	How can I stop my dog from chewing my shoes?
Are there any music apps that I can listen to without needing an Internet connection?	What app allows you to listen to music without WiFi or Internet?
How can I start learning the Marathi language as a native Telugu speaker?	My native language is telugu and I am interested to learn marathi language. how can I start learning that learning?
Does donating blood help you lose weight?	Will donating blood make people lose weight?
Why did Tata Sons removed/sacked Cyrus Mistry as the chairman?	What was the reason behind the removal of Cyrus P. Mistry from the position of Chairman of The Tata group?
What happened to Pablo Escobar's money after he died?	Where did Pablo Escobar's money go after he died?
How could I turn $20 into $40?	How can you turn $20 into $40 or more?
Are U.S. elections rigged?	Are the US elections rigged?
What is the longest word in English language?	What's the longest word in the English language and what does it mean?
What is the best Linux desktop environment?	Which is the best Linux version for a desktop?
How can you track and identify phone number owners?	How do I find someone's cell phone number with an address?
What can I do if I hate my life?	What should I do if I hate my life?
Could the Big Bang have been the result of vacuum decay?	Was space a perfect vacuum before big bang?
Is long distance relationship works?	Is there a single case of a successful long distance relationship?
What are all the ways to travel without money?	What is the easiest way to travel without much money?
Is it possible to be born with naturally purple eyes?	Are there any humans who have naturally purple eyes?
What was it like to learn Dutch as a native English speaker?	Is it easy for a native English speaker to learn Dutch?
What is 2g spectrum all about?	What is 2G spectrum?
What is my purpose in life? Why is there life on Earth?	What should the purpose of your life?
What is best manufacturing business?	What is the best manufacturing business?
Should women propose marriage to men?	Should women propose to men?
How did mass media change American culture?	How did mass media influence American culture?
Why hasn't Pokemon Go released in India?	Why is Pokémon GO not released in India ?
Why did humans alone evolve to become intelligent but other animals evolved only to survive? (humans have more intelligence than needed just to survive)	Why have human beings evolved more than any other beings on Earth?
What started project "Education for All" in the Philippines?	What has been the upgrade in education made by "Education for All" in the Philippines?
What is the most frequently misspelt English word?	English (language): What is the most misspelt word in English?
What's the best programming language to learn in 2016?	What is the best programming language for learning programming from scratch?
Why is there no reservation in the armed forces in India?	Why not there is caste reservation policy in Indian Armed Forces even though it is adopted in every state police?
Is 4k tv worth it?	What is a 4K TV? Is it worth getting one now?
What is/are your New Year resolutions for 2017?	What would be your New Year resolutions for 2017?
How is it that people hate Hillary Clinton?	Why do so many people dislike Hillary Clinton?
How many religions are there in this world?	How many religions in the world are there?
What are the values of life?	What is the value of life?
What is Coldplay's song 'Yellow' about?	What is the meaning of Coldplay's song 'Yellow'?
Why has the Modi Government banned the 500 and 1000 rupee notes?	Why did GOI demobilise 500 and 1000 rupee notes?
Is it possible to time travel to past?	Is time travel already possible on Earth?
Why can't I enjoy sex with my boyfriend anymore?	Why don't I enjoy sex with my boyfriend?
How do you get better grades?	What should I do to get better grade in my class?
Who named our planet as earth?	Who named earth?
How do I improve my speaking?	What are the tips for public speaking?
How can I hack a Facebook account?	Is it possible to hack fb?
Do you think that cultural differences influence people relationship?	Do you think that cultural difference influence people relationship?
Was Hong Kong more democratic under British rule or under Chinese rule?	Was Hong Kong more democratic under the British rule or under the Chinese rule?
Why do I feel more tired after a two-hour nap?	Why do I feel more tired after a nap?
How can I see someone's private instagram account?	How do I see an individual Instagram post when their account is private?
Could we use cherenkov atmosphere radiation (with gamma rays or similar) to image the surface of a planet from here with ground based telescopes?	Can we image the surface (and subsurface) of other planets using ground based gamma ray telescopes like H.E.S.S.?
Why is diversity a good thing?	Why is diversity considered a good thing?
What are the best movies of 2016?	What is your best 2016 movie?
Are there any sites which can help me in becoming a great programmer?	What are a few websites that can help me be a good programmer?
If I suddenly get teleported to Mars without any space suit or anything. What would happen to me in the first 10 minutes?	What would happen if astronauts tried to walk on Mars without a space suit?
How can you learn beginner level magic tricks?	Where can I learn beginner level magic tricks?
Are the stories of people's souls burning them to to ash in minutes true or just fabrications that fooled news journalists into believing them?	Are the stories of people's bodies suddenly vaporized into ash by their own souls true or just fake stories that fooled tons of news journalists?
Why do women prefer thick cock?	Do women prefer sex with well endowed cocks?
Is there any possibility that reservation on the basis of caste will end in India in future?	Will reservation in India last forever?
How many cups of coffee should I consume in a day?	How much coffee is safe to consume per day?
How do I overcome my extreme anxiety?	How do you cope with social anxiety?
What is a way to make money online?	What is the easiest way to earn money using internet?
What is it like to have sex with a stranger?	How is it like to have sex with a stranger?
How do I look at the followers of a private instagram account?	How do I open a private Instagram account?
What are the best dreams you ever had?	What's the best dream you've ever had?
What are some must have apps on phone?	What are some must have Android app?
What did the four ancient River Valley civilizations have in common? How did they differ?	What are the four River Valley civilizations? How do they differ from each other?
Which is the best programming laptop: the MacBook Pro 15 inch or the Dell Inspiron 7000 series?	Macbook pro vs Dell Inspiron 15 7000 series. Which is the best buy?
How can I increase traffic on my blog?	How can I increase the traffic on my website?
If Donald Trump is going to win the election why would he say it's rigged?	What does Donald Trump mean when he says the election can be rigged in November?
How do I catch my cheating partner?	How do I catch a cheating spouse?
How much important is India-USA Relationship is to Hillary Clinton and if she become president what will be her propaganda for Foreign relationship?	How does Hillary Clinton view US-India relations if she gets elected as the President of the United States?
How long does it take to learn to play piano?	How many days does it take to learn to play the piano?
What are the application of binary search trees?	What are some practical applications of binary search trees?
Do you belive in god?	Do you believe that there is God? Why or why not?
Are penny stocks even worth investing in?	Are penny stocks good to invest in?
Why is Quora so unwaiveringly liberal and anti Trump?	Is Quora biased against Donald Trump?
How can you improve your communication skill?	How can I increase my communication skills?
How do I deal with a one sided friendship?	How do I deal with one sided friendship?
How does social media help in marketing?	How does social media helps to promote your business?
What is it like to work at Starbucks?	What is like to work at starbucks?
Why has the Tata sons board voted to remove Cyrus Mistry as chairperson?	Why did Tata group fire Cyrus Mistry from chairman post?
What are some mind blowing technology that most people don't know about?	What are some mind blowing technology gadgets that most people don't know?
How would minimising cash transactions curb black money?	Can digital transactions curb black money and corruption? How?
What is the in hand salary of RBI grade B officer now?	What is the in hand salary of RBI officer after revision?
What are some of the facts you know about the Fast and Furious franchisee?	What are some unknown facts about fast and furious movie series?
What is the price of a used 4k black magic cinema camera?	What is the price of a used black magic 4k cinema camera?
Which book should I prefer for preparing TSPSC exam?	Which are the best books for tspsc exam?
How do I track a person basing on his mobile phone?	How do I track someone from his mobile number?
How much does it cost to make a private limited company in India?	How much does it cost for registering a private limited in India?
Can I get pregnant 3 days after period if I bled for not even a full 3 days?	Can a woman get pregnant three days into her cycle?
Which is better Ubuntu 16.04 or Windows 10?	Which is better OS between Ubuntu and windows 10?
What is a double displacement reaction? What are some examples?	What are some common examples of double displacement reactions?
What are some liquid diets to lose weight?	How do liquid diets work? Are they a safe alternative to lose weight?
How do i lose weight?	How do I lose 30 pounds?
What makes you enjoy your life?	What makes you enjoy life?
Why did Trump win the election?	How come Trump won?
What are the quickest ways to get THC out of my system?	How do you get THC out of your system faster?
Has demonetisation backfired Modi?	Is Demonetisation a failed initiative?
Why do folks ask questions on Quora that a Google search could answer faster and more accurately?	Why do so many people on Quora ask stupid questions they could find answers to if they spent less than 5 minutes on a search engines?
What does real love mean?	What's real love?
What is a criteria for follow on in test cricket?	How is follow on is decided in test cricket?
Why are trees along the roadside planted in symmetry?	Why are roadside trees planted in symmetry?
How do you want to be remembered after you die?	What do you want to be remembered for?
How do you get rid of dog fleas and ticks?	How do you get rid of dead ticks on dogs?
What is the biggest mistake you have ever made?	What the biggest mistake you've ever made?
Do you think that Hillary Clinton is too corrupt to be elected?	Is Hillary Clinton ethically qualified to be elected POTUS.?
Why was the leap year created?	Why do we have a leap year?
Should i buy iPhone 7 or iPhone 6S?	Should I buy iPhone 6s or wait to buy iPhone 7?
How do porn stars get paid?	How much porn actress are paid?
Wha is the most unexpected things peradox you have saw?	What is the most unexpected things paradox you have saw?
What is the best Android feature not many people know about?	What are some Android features or applications that very few people know about?
What are some of the NGOs or orphanages in Bangalore where one can help/teach?	What NGOs can I work for in Bangalore as a volunteer on the weekends? How?
What is the cutoff of COEP 2016?	What are the cutoffs of coep in 2016?
How do I actually go about losing weight?	What are the ways of losing weight?
What are your wishes for the upcoming year 2017?	What are your wishes for the year 2017?
When did you know you were transgender?	When did you find out you were transgender?
How one can learn SEO online?	Where Can I learn SEO online?
Does marriage work?	Can marriage work?
How do I see who viewed my Instagram video?	How can I see who viewed my video on Instagram but didn't like my video?
What is the best football formation to win a game?	What is the best football formation to win?
How can we prevent rapes in Delhi?	Is there any way to prevent rapes in Delhi?
How can I reduce my weight and tummy?	How can I reduce my chubby tummy?
How do I motivate myself to go back to the gym?	How do I motivate myself to go to the gym regularly?
Which is the best place for shopping in Lucknow?	Which are the best places to visit in Lucknow?
Who are the top writers on Hinduism on Quora? Who is your favorite?	Who should I follow for answers regarding Hinduism on Quora?
What are the most common mistakes that new sellers on Ebay make?	What are the common mistakes that new sellers on eBay make?
How is US president Donald Trump important for India?	What Can happen to India if Donald Trump becomes president?
How can I earn money online without investing? Are there some authentic jobs online?	Is there any way I can earn money online without any kind of investment?
How do Indian women/men benefit from uniform civil code?	How will a Hindu women benefit from uniform civil code?
How do you prepare for a job interview?	What is the best way to prepare for job interviews?
What would happen if an unstoppable object hit an unmovable object?	What happens when an indestructible force hits an unmovable object?
What is perfectly inelasticity in demand?	What is perfect inelasticity in demand?
Is Kim Jong-un the only fat person in North Korea?	Is Kim Jong Un the only fat person in North Korea?
What is your favorite genre of music and why?	What is your favorite genre of music?
How do I find who hacked my Facebook?	How do I find out who hacked my Facebook account?
How can one develop logical thinking?	How can one improve his logical reasoning abilities?
How much can I earn by investing with uber?	How much can I earn by investing in uber?
What are examples of bad luck?	What are some examples of bad luck?
How do I create a blog in Quora and enter the correct URL?	How do I create a URL on Quora blogs?
How does Weapon Silencers work?	How does a silencer on a gun work?
Can you suggest how to plan Goa trip for 4 days?	How can I plan a 3 days/3 nights trip to Goa?
How do I set an Armitron watch?	How do I set a armitron watch?
What is 'gate electrostatic control' in MOSFETs?	What exactly is 'gate electrostatic control' in MOSFETs?
What are some cultural differences between China and Taiwan?	What are the biggest cultural differences and similarities between Taiwan and China?
Name 10 things billionaires can do but millionaire cannot?	What can billionaires do that millionaire cannot do?
What is the best site to download films?	Which are best sites to download movies?
What is your biggest regret?	What is your biggest regrett in life?
How motivated are you at work? What motivates you?	What motivates you the most in your work?
Do you consider Edward Snowden a hero for freedom?	Is Edward Snowden a hero or a villain? Why?
Which is the best English book to prepare for SSC CGL?	Books for SSC CGL?
What will be the effect of Donald Trump becoming the president of US on India?	What will be the effects of Donald Trump being the US president on India?
Why do long distance relationships fail?	How can I maintain my long distance relationship to the best of my ability?
What are the best companies to work at as an aerospace engineer?	Which company is best for aerospace engineering?
What are some mystery movies?	Which are the best mystery movies of all time?
How can you get a license to be a gas wholesaler?	How can I get a license to be a gasoline wholesaler?
How does first time sex feel like?	How did you feel when you had sex for the first time?
What is the most difficult thing that you have ever done in your life?	What is the most difficult thing you have done in your life?
How can I learn to do advanced things in Javascript?	Where can I learn advanced JavaScript (to create a library)?
Why is my Pug/Cavalier mix puppy afraid of cats?	Why is my Yorkie/Corgi mix afraid of cats?
How did you make money fast?	How could I make money now?
What steps should I take to become a good game designer?	What should we do to become a game designer?
Where is the craziest place you have had sex?	Which is the craziest place you ever had sex?
What are the top qualities of Donald Trump?	What are the good qualities of Donald Trump?
How can I find my lost phone by tracking?	How do I track my lost phone?
What is the probability that self-aware artificial intelligence might emerge unintentionally?	Is self aware Artificial Intelligence possible?
How can I get perfect score on new SAT?	How do I get a perfect score on the new SAT?
Do you prefer asking questions or answering questions?	Do you like asking questions or answering questions?Why?
What's love for a teenager?	What is love to a teenager?
How can you delete your Yahoo account?	How can can I delete my yahoo email account?
How can I get free gold and cash in Basketball Stars?	How Do I get free gold and cash in basketball Stars?
Should Presidential candidates be required to release their tax returns?	Should a presidential nominee be forced to release his tax returns?
Why Electron affinity of Fluorine is less than Chlorine?	Why is the electron affinity of fluorine less than that of chlorine?
What is the meaning of our life?	What is the purpose of life?
Why is Manaphy now seen as whiny in Pokemon?	Why do people now see Manaphy as whiny?
What is it like to be retained (held back) a grade in school?	Have you ever been dropped back a grade in school?
How do I speak English like celebrities?	How can I learn to speak English fluently?
What is induction motor and what is synchronous and asynchronous?	What is the induction motors?
How do I reduce cellulite on my butt?	How do I get rid of cellulite on my butt?
Where can I buy very incredible and most amazing cupcakes in Gold Coast?	Where can I get great range of flavours for cupcakes at Gold Coast?
What have you learned about leadership that you wish you knew a decade ago?	What have you learned about management that you wish you knew a decade ago?
What workout clothes did guys wear in the year 1990?	In the summer how would I dress like a workout guy from the year 1990?
Does OYO allow unmarried couples?	Does oyo rooms allow local unmarried couples in Hyderabad?
Daniel Ek: Are there any future plans of releasing Spotify in India?	Why is Spotify not available in India?
How do storms take place on Venus?	Are there storms on Venus?
Where can I hire a hacker?	How can I hire a hacker?
Is there poetic justice in real life?	Like movies poetic justice happen in real life?
Does Hillary Clinton want open borders?	Does Clinton want open borders?
How is black money curbed with the ban of 1000 rupee notes and introducing new 500 and 2000 rupee notes?	How will the new currency notes of denomination 500 and 2000 curb black money?
How can we avoid pimples while being a teenager?	How can I avoid getting pimples in my nose?
Why is Saltwater Taffy candy imported in Hong Kong?	Why are Saltwater taffy candy imported in the Philippines?
Can anyone withdraw money from my bank account knowing my bank account number?	Can anyone withdraw money from my account if they know my account number?
What is the best way to get a job overseas?	How do I get a job overseas?
Why is it that every time I ask a question in Quora it tells me that your question needs improvement?	My questions on Quora all need improving. How do you ask a question on Quora?
Oral Sex: Why do a lot of women hate giving blowjobs when most men like going down on women?	Why do some women hate giving oral sex?
What is the biggest truth in this world?	What is the biggest truth of this world?
Can you pass a urine test for meth in 6 months?	Can meth be detected in urine after nine days?
How can I increase traffic to my websites by Facebook?	How can I increase traffic to a story blog?
Is it possible to generate electricity by using sound waves?	Can we generate electricity by sounds?
How does EY India recruit?	How is ey recruitment?
What generally defines the secularism?	What is secularism?
How will it affect international students coming to the US for undergraduation now that Trump has become the President?	How would it affect Indian students studying/working in the US if Trump becomes the President?
How do I prepare for TOEFL or IELTS?	How do I prepare for the toefl exam?
How do you potty train a 4 month old puppy?	How do you potty train a 6-month old Pit Bull?
What are some books that changed your perspective on life?	What is an example of a book you've read that changed your perspective on something?
How long does marijuana stay in your urine? How can I get rid of it?	How long does weed stay in your urine?
What is nuclear fusion? How can you describe the process?	What is nuclear fusion?
DId something exist before the Big Bang?	How did the universe look like before the Big Bang?
Is backward time travel possible?	Is it possible to travel time with real life?
How do I survive in a long distance relationship?	Can a long distance relationship still exist? How can you make it work?
Is Game of Thrones better than the Walking Dead?	Which is better The Walking Dead or Game of Thrones? What do you guys think?
In order to pitch to a producer what must a screenwriter know how to do?	To pitch to studios or producer what must a screenwriter know how to do?
How can we learn faster?	How should I learn faster?
When and why do girls give mixed signals?	Why is this girl sending me mixed signals?
What are some relationship stories/memorable moments on Diwali festival?	What is your favorite moment during Diwali festival?
I need advice how to deal with a toxic or controlling mother?	How can I deal with my toxic mother?
How do I update Windows from version 8 to 8.1?	How do I update Windows 8 to 8.1?
What is the oldest religion on earth?	Which religion is oldest religion in the earth?
What is the best time to visit Kanha national park?	What is best time to visit Kanha National Park?
Does Hillary Clinton have Parkinson's Disease?	Why are Hillary Clinton's fans unwilling to admit that she probably has Parkinson's Disease?
How many sexual partners are too many?	How many sexual partners is too many?
How would you explain the law of demand?	What is the law of demand? How can it be explained?
How did you spend the best day of your life?	What was the best day of your life? Why?
What is the most frustrating thing?	What are some of the most frustrating things?
How do I write a book? How to start? What knowledge should be gained before writing a book?	How can I write a book? How to start?
What are the countries that celebrate Holi guys?	What countries celebrate Holi?
Why is Saltwater taffy candy imported in Australia?	Why is salt water taffy candy unknown in Japan?
Why is every single question I ask on Quora suddenly being tagged as "needing improvement"?	What is the solution for Quora marking your every question as needing improvement?
Is green tea effective for fat loss?	Does green tea really burn fat in body and help us to maintain good health?
Is light just visible electromagnetic waves?	Is a light ray an electromagnetic wave?
Is there evidence of dark matter SIMPs every time a double slit experiment is performed as they are what wave?	Does superfluid dark matter ripple when galaxy clusters collide and wave in double slit experiments?
What are the best technology devices and gadgets for your camping?	What are some of the best camping gadgets and tools?
How do you qualify for the boston marathon?	How do I qualify for the boston marathon 2016?
How can I stand up for myself in any situation?	Why am I so scared to stand up for myself and how do I overcome my fear?
How do I get funding from investors for my business idea?	How can I get seed funding for my e-commerce business plan when all I can present to seed investors is a rough plan/idea?
What are good masters programs in clinical psychology?	What are some good clinical psychology masters programs?
Why do some people believe that Hillary Clinton is a liar?	Is Hillary Clinton a habitual liar?
How should India respond to uri attacks?	How should India respond to the latest Pakistani terrorist attack in Uri?
Which book of physics is good in theory and has more solved examples for IIT JEE preparation?	Which book of physics is good for the theory and concept in the mechanism for the IIT JEE preparation?
Why sex is important for life?	What is importance of sex in life?
I'm fat. How do I lose weight?	How can I lose an extreme amount of weight?
Who won the second debate Clinton or Trump?	Who won the second presidential debate: Trump or Clinton?
Which are the great examples of presence of mind?	Humor: What are some of the greatest examples of presence of mind?
What is the cause of liquefactive necrosis in the brain?	What are the causes of liquefactive necrosis of the brain?
How do I lose weight and reduce my waist quickly?	How should I reduce weight easily?
Is it illegal to use Pirate Bay in the UK?	Is Pirate Bay legal in the UK and does it give a virus?
Can you still get pregnant one day before menstruation?	Can I get pregnant a couple hours before I got my period?
What went wrong with Cyrus Mistry as Tata Group chairman and why was he ousted?	Why was cyrus mistry sacked?
What is better: Apple or Google?	Which is better Apple or Google?
What is the best way to make collage of 100 pics?	What is the best way to make a collage with 100 pictures?
What are your views on the Indian Para Commandos operation deep in Myanmar? How successful was it really?	What are your views on the army operation against insurgents in Myanmar?
Should I disclose to my boyfriends I'm a recovering sex addict who struggles daily?	Should I disclose to my boyfriends I'm a recovering sex addict?
Why does love hurt so good?	Why does unconditional love hurt?
How do you log in to Facebook if you forgot your password?	How can I deactivate a Facebook account if I forgot the email address and the password?
What is the best way to maintain a relationship?	How do I maintain this relationship?
So if not wanting to date women of a certain race is racist then why isn't it sexist to not want to date the same sex?	Why isn't it sexist to not want to date the same sex?
How will Hillary Clinton influence the relationship between US and India if she becomes the President?	How will the India-US relationship change if Hillary Clinton becomes the President of the US ?
How do you see true love?	How do I find true love?
What would be a realistic plan to lose weight?	What are the best was to lose weight?
How much time does it take to lose weight by doing yoga?	How much time does it take to lose weight doing yoga?
What is your favorite meal?	What's your favourite meal?
What do people of Pakistan think about Uri attack?	What do Pakistani people think about the Uri attack on 18th September 2016?
What are the best books on reading people?	What are best books on reading people?
What is the worst thing that has happened to you?	What was the worst thing that ever happened to you?
How can I learn hacking for free?	How does one learn how to hack?
Am not starting big? How can I make $1000 per month online?	How can I start to make money online?
What will be the repercussions of banning Rs 500 and Rs 1000 notes on Indian economy?	What will be the consequences of 500 and 1000 rupee notes banning?
How can you lose weight riding a stationary bike?	How can I lose weight using a stationary bike?
What's the best way to stop procrastinating?	What's an efficient way to overcome procrastination?
What do you do when you wake up completely in the middle night?	What will you do when you suddenly wake up in the middle of the night and fail to fall asleep again?
Why can't I answer a question twice on Quora?	Why are Quorans not allowed to answer more than 1 answer to the same question on Quora?
How do you want to die and why?	Why do I feel like I want to die?
How do I stop caring about what people think about me?	How do I stop worrying about what others think of me?
What is your definition of cooking?	What is the definition of "cooking"?
Can anyone give me the vivid description of the IIIT-H Lateral exam?	Can anybody give me the details of the lateral entry program conducted by IIIT-Hyderabad?
What are some of best IAS coaching centres in Chennai?	Which is the best IAS coaching institute in Chennai?
What should I do to make money online in India?	Is there any easy way to make money online?
Which is your favorite anime?	What's your favorite anime? And why?
What is the next big thing in the energy sector?	What's the next big thing about energy investing?
How do you get out of boredom?	How do people deal with boredom?
Is there advertising on Quora?	What are the best ways to advertise on Quora?
Why is my answer collapsed and my appeal rejected with no further appeal allowed?	What is the reason my answer collapsed and my appeal rejected with no further appeal allowed?
Why is it so important for Indians to know what other people think about them?	Why are Indians so obsessed in knowing thoughts of other countries about them?
Does anyone have any helpful diet advice for hyperthyroidism?	What diet should one take if suffering from hyperthyroidism?
What is a positive ion called?	What is a positive ion?
Is MacBook pro 2016 too pricey or is it worth it?	What is your review of the MacBook Pro (2016)?
How can I improve my programming skill?	How can I enhance my programming skill?
How can covalent bonds be described?	What is covalent bonding?
Why doesn't Hillary Clinton wear an American flag pin on her lapel ever?	Why doesn't Clinton wear an American flag pin during the debates?
What are the things that make Indians happy and proud?	What are things that make Indians happy?
How are joules and calories related?	How do Joules and calories relate?
What is different between shut and close?	What is the difference between shut and close?
How can I grow my hair longer and faster?	How do I get my hair to grow longer and faster?
What was your first bikini wax like?	What does a first-time bikini wax feel like?
How do I have hourglass figure?	How does one get that sexy hourglass figure?
What are the best part time jobs while doing engineering?	What are the best part time jobs for engineers?
How can I unlock my iphone 6 without a sim card?	How do I unlock my iPhone without a SIM card?
What was your most embarrassing moment during puberty?	What is your most embarrassing moment during your puberty?
What can I do to improve my social life?	How can I improve my social circle?
Do we get flight tickets at a cheaper rate when we buy them at the airport?	Is it cheaper to buy tickets at the airport or online?
How long does weed stay in your blood?	How long does THC stay in the blood of regular users?
What is the best alto saxophone brand?	What are the best alto saxophone brands?
How many calories should I burn per day to be very healthy?	How many calories should one burn daily?
What to choose it at NSIT or COE at DTU?	How do I choose between NSIT IT and DTU COE?
What are the safety precautions on handling shotguns proposed by the NRA in Maine?	What are the safety precautions on handling shotguns proposed by the NRA in Idaho?
Why is Dr Sarvepalli Radhakrishnan's birthday celebrated as Teachers' Day in India?	What is Dr. Sarvepalli Radhakrishnan's contribution to the Indian teaching community? What exactly is the reason Teachers' Day is celebrated on his birthday only?
What app allows you to listen to music without wifi or Internet for IOS?	What is the best music app for the iOS where you don't need internet to use?
What practices do cricket coaches advise for spinners?	What practices do cricket coaches offer to spinners?
What is the difference between a psychologist and a psychiatrist?”?	What's the difference between psychologist and psychiatrist?
How do I really make money online?	How do we make money online?
How does the stock market work generally?	How does the stock market work? Who decides the price of stocks?
What is the next big thing in medicine?	What are some of the next big things in medicine?
How do I get rid of jelly belly?	How do I get rid of belly fat and thigh fat?
How come Donald Trump is winning?	Is donald trump winning?
How does the introduction of new 500 and 2000 denomination currency and stopping old 500 & 1000 denomination currency help/ affect India's economy?	How will the ban of 1000 and 500 rupee notes affect the Indian economy?
Life: What is the sweetest thing that someone has ever said to you?	What is the sweetest thing that someone has ever said to you?
How do I get internship at Google ?	How do I get an internship from Google?
What is the effect of demonetization of 500 and 1000 rupees note?	What is your opinion on the discontinuation of 500 and 1000 rupee notes?
What is the best treatment for hair loss?	What can we do to minimize our hair loss?
What causes the smell of old books?	Why do old books smell like that?
Can an introvert person become a good sales person?	How introvert would be good at sales?
Self Doubt : How do I stop doubting myself?	What is the best way to stop doubting yourself?
What are the best earphones under 1k?	Which earphone is best under 1000?
Which is the world's costliest car?	Which is the costliest car in the world?
What happens to the wheels of an aeroplane when it lands?	What happens to the tyres of an aeroplane after it lands?
What do you like least about you job and/or the company? (Apple Employee)	What do Apple employees like most about the job and/or the company?
How do you play the game Snaps?	How do you play the snap game?
Why don't some people care about online privacy?	Why do people care so little about their online privacy?
How do you choose your major?	What is your major and why did you choose it?
What is your very best argument as to why I should vote for Trump?	Should I vote for Trump?
How do I sell domains?	How do I sell domains online?
What are the best photos taken with a smartphone?	What are the best photos taken by phone?
How do I increase my follower on Quora?	How do I increase followers in Quora?
What are some nice places to hangout in Pune?	What are the best places to hangout in Pune?
What are some good resorts in Bhopal?	What are some best resorts in Bhopal?
What is the most evil thing on the Deep Web?	What is the most evil thing on deep web?
Why do all of my questions get marked as needing improvement?	Why does Quora mark all my questions as needing clarification and all answers too?
What are some best gifts to give a girlfriend?	What are some best romantic gifts to surprise your girlfriend?
What are certain things that makes Indians happy?	What are the things that make Indians happy and proud?
What are the best portals to switch jobs in India?	What are the top job portals in India?
Why did Donald Trump win the election?	How did Donald Trump win despite projections that he would fail?
How do you finally forgive yourself?	How do you learn to forgive yourself?
How do I get internship at Google?	How do I do internship at google?
What are ways I can increase my height (I'm a ftm Asian)?	Can jumping and skipping increase height (I'm 16 year old male)?
What do Flipkart's delivery guys look for when I exchange my old phone for a new one?	What do Flipkart's delivery boys look for when I exchange my old lcd for a new one?
Do people wear makeup because they don't feel confident?	Why do people wear makeup?
What company provides the best SEO services in India?	Where can I find some of the best SEO services in India?
What kind of animals are distinct to North America?	What are common animals native to North America?
How does the Wi-Fi on airplanes work?	How does Wi-Fi internet access in an airplane work?
What is the best way to measure the ROI of social media marketing?	How do I measure ROI of social media marketing for business?
What happens when an unstoppable force meets an immovable object?	What happens when an unstoppable object collides with an immovable object?
How are computer games made?	How are computer games developed?
Are vacuum fluctuations occuring because the energy in vacuum? Are these virtual particles?	Do virtual particles and energy in vacuum really exist? Can we observe them? Where? When?
Can I lose 25 pounds in 3 months?	Is it possible to lose 30 pounds in 3 months? If so how?
Is it a good idea to learn two programming languages at once?	Is it a good idea to learn several programming languages at once?
When will humans become immortal?	Can we be immortal?
What factors to consider before purchasing playground equipments.?	What factors to consider before purchasing playground equipments?
What are some examples of forced convection?	What is forced convection? What are examples of this?
Is it possible to get over depression without medicine or therapy?	How do I overcome depression without psychiatric help?
Why is time defined as a dimension?	How can time be a dimension?
I have forgotten my password in Gmail account. What should I do? I need this account.	Computer Security: How is a Gmail password recovered?
What are the best ways to improve my writing skills in English?	What are the best ways to improve my writing skills in English.?
Which bicycle should I buy under 10k?	Which is the best bike in in dia to buy in INR 10k?
Is Spotify available in India?	Daniel Ek: When is Spotify coming to India?
Why do you want to leave your current job?	Why do you want to quit your current job and how?
Does creative visualization really work in helping people to achieve goals?	Law of Attraction: Does the concept of creative visualization really work?
Which is the best joke you have ever heard?	What are some of the best jokes?
How can I become a better liar?	Lies and Lying: How can I become a better liar?
What do Russians think of China?	What does Russia think about China?
What are examples of invertebrates?	What are some examples of invertebrates?
What would happen if all the countries in the world have open borders?	What would happen to the world economy if all countries opens their border?
What do dogs think about cars ?	What do dogs think cars are?
How can you motivate me to study hard?	How can I motivate myself to study even if I'm not interested in education?
Why is there a picture of potato and a sentence saying, "sorry for the long post, here's a potato" in 9gag? What does it mean?	What does "Sorry for the long post, here's a potato" mean in 9GAG?
How do you log out of Quora?	How do I log out from Qoura?
What is the difference between Chinese and western culture?	What are the biggest differences between Chinese culture and western culture?
What if aliens really exist and the world governments know? Why should the governments hide it from the people?	Why are governments going to such length to hide aliens and UFOs?
How is the presidency of Donald Trump going to affect India's IT industry?	How will Trump's presidency affect the Indian IT industry?
What are the most annoying questions that you feel ridiculous in Quora?	What are some of the most annoying questions on Quora that you wanted to answer?
What beneficial or relaxing things can you do when you are tired during work or study?	What do you do if you're tired but you have to study?
What is the scope of mechanical engineering worldwide?	What is the scope of Mechanical Engineering?
What happens to your stock options if you decide to leave a company?	What happens to your stock options when you leave a startup?
What makes a good leader?	What makes a great leader?
Can I restore my deleted emails from a Gmail account?	How do I get deleted emails back from gmail?
What are three things that highly proactive people do on a daily basis?	What are three habits that highly productive people have on a daily basis?
What is the best order to read the Discworld novels by Terry Pratchett for maximum enjoyment?	In what order should I read Pratchett's Discworld novels?
Is Pokemon Go the first of its kind and why is it so popular?	What makes Pokémon GO so popular?
Which tech companies give out the best bonuses?	Which tech companies give out the best bonuses or equity?
Why is India unique? What does India have that other countries don't?	What are the things that separate India from other countries making it unique in that special way?
What is the best c# book for a beginner?	What's the best C# OOP book for beginners?
What is the quickest and less painful way to commit suicide?	What is an easy way to commit suicide?
What is a recipe for Greek fire?	What could possibly have been the composition of Greek fire?
Has life been found on any other planet?	What are some signs of life on other planets?
How do you make more money?	What are good ways to make more money?
What makes an argument successful?	What does it mean if an argument is sound?
Is there any proof that Jesus actually existed?	Is there any proof that Jesus really existed?
What does heartbreak feel like?	What does a heartbreak feels like?
Do Muslims in India dislike Narendra Modi?	Why Muslims hate P.M Narendra Modi?
What is the difference between industrial psychology and human resource manager?	What are the differences between work of industrial psychologist and human resources manager?
Is it possible to choose your dreams?	How can I manipulate my dreams?
What is the speed of electron?	What is speed of electron?
How exactly does banning Rs 500 and Rs 1000 notes curb the problem of black money?	How does the latest decision of abolishing 500 and 1000 rupee notes help the Government curb corruption?
What are some mind-blowing mobile tools that exist that most people don't know about?	What are some mind-blowing smartphone gadgets that exist that most people don't know about?
Why do folks ask questions on Quora that a Google search could answer faster and more accurately?	Why do people ask questions here in Quora instead of just googling?
Should I buy the new MacBook pro 2016 or the MacBook pro 2015?	Should I get the 2015 MacBook Pro or the 2016 MacBook Pro?
What are the bitter truths of going yo the US for an MS as an Indian? By Nikhil Patel	What are the bitter truths of going to US for masters as an Indian?
Why do I feel anxious easily?	Why do I feel anxious?
What is a legit work from home job?	What legit online jobs can I work from home?
What does it feel like to study psychometrics?	How do I study psychometrics?
Why do men always go behind girls who ignore them?	Why men always go behind girls who ditch or ignore them?
What are good blogging websites?	What are some good blogging websites?
How can I travel without money to work voluntarily?	What is the easiest way to travel without much money?
How can I improve my vocabulary?	How can I increase English vocabulary?
What are the top 2 Some important android phone app?	What are the top 2 important Android phone apps?
How would changing the 500 and 1000 currency notes help indian government in dealing with corruption?	Would banning notes of denominations 500 and 1000 help to curb the black money in system?
Why doesn’t anybody answer my questions on Quora?	Why will no one answer my question on Quora?
What jobs can I do with a math major?	What are some good math jobs?
Which is the most underrated Hollywood movies in the recent times?	What are the most underrated Hollywood movies and why do you think they're worth watching?
Which is the best way to earn money without working hard give examples?	Is there any alternative way of living other than working hard and earning money?
What is the best way to reduce thigh size?	How do I reduce my thigh size (man)?
Which European countries offer (tuition) free education in English to international students?	What European countries  charge no tuition to international students?
Do pets ever commit suicide?	What animals commit suicide?
Is Donald Trump really a racist?	Why do people think Trump is racist?
What's the importance of GST bill in India?	How do GST bill will benefit local people?
What are the safety precautions on handling shotguns proposed by the NRA in South Carolina?	What are the safety precautions on handling shotguns proposed by the NRA in Kentucky?
Who will win Super Bowl 51?	Who is going to win the Super Bowl 2017?
What are some examples of a database?	What are some examples of a databases?
What does Gary Johnson have to do to have a chance of winning in November?	Why doesn't the Libertarian candidate Gary Johnson have a shot at winning the 2016 presidency?
How can I find out about all my Gmail accounts?	How can I find out how many Gmail accounts I have?
What are the best web design companies in London?	Which is the best web designing Agency in London?
Why is my Australian Cattle Dog/Pointer mix puppy afraid of cats?	Why is my American Staffy/Kelpie mix afraid of cats?
Is Indian politics a family business?	Is politics in India a family business?
What are the best books for the JEE (Mains)?	What are the best books for JEE Mains practice?
Why do most Quorans ask questions here instead of googling answers?	Why do people ask basic questions instead of searching them?
What are the PPF benefits?	How does PPF works?
Which are some of the best horror movies of all time?	Give names of some of the best horror movies?
How useful is MBA?	How much useful is MBA?
Did British rule hinder or help the Indian economy?	What was the impact of British occupation in Indian economy?
How do I improve my English language?	How can I improve my fluency in English to face a more confortable job interview?
How can we know that the Illuminati is real?	Is Illuminati thing real?
Are doctors important?	Why are doctors important?
What do I talk with a girl?	How can I talk with a girl?
How can I get out of Quora?	How do you get out of Quora?
Is there any difference between cupcake and muffin?	What is the difference between a muffin and a cupcake?
Do you read long Quora answers?	Do you read long answers on Quora?
What are the new torrent download sites?	What are torrent download sites?
What is meant by biasing a diode?	What is the purposes biasing of diodes?
Is it necessary to get a degree to apply for a software development jobs?	Is it necessary to get a degree to land a software developer job?
How do I become a voice actress?	How do you start as a voice actor?
How can you tell if someone is lying on the phone?	How do we know whether someone is lying to you?
What is the best way to promote your art?	How can I better promote my own art?
Do females ejaculate?	Do women really ejaculate?
How is business analyst job in an IT company?	What is the role of a business analyst in the CS/IT industry?
How was speed of light calculated?	How is speed of light calculated?
How do I learn acoustic guitar at home?	How can I learn to play guitar without joining any class?
What if you hear the voice of goddess Durga in your dreams?	What if you hear goddess durga's voice in your dreams?
How would you describe Americans and American culture?	What defines the American culture?
Is grammar important while you speak English?	Is Grammar important in spoken English?
How do I write a farewell email to my office colleagues	How do I write a farewell email to my office colleagues?
What do the letters of L.G.B.T.Q.I. stand for?	What does LGBTQI stand for?
What advice does Jon Skeet will give to a novice programmer to become a champ like him?	What advice can you give to a novice computer programmer?
What do I do if a girl ignores me when she knows I like her?	What should I do when a girl ignored me and she knows I like her?
What are the funniest memes from 2016?	What was the funniest meme of 2016?
Is Emile Durkheim's theory relevant in contemporary times?	Are Durkheim's theories still relevant today?
What ways will you suggest to curb air pollution in delhi? How will they be implemented also?	How can we help to reduce pollution in Delhi?
Why is education compulsory?	What is the compulsory public education system?
What are some useful apps (or web sites) that I can use to practise my English?	What apps can I use for English lessons?
What are some tips to increase GRE verbal score?	What should to improve my GRE verbal score?
What is the process of distillation?	How can the process of distillation be described?
What are some important softwares for civil engineers?	What are the softwares that a civil engineer must know?
How can I make money online for job?	How do you make money online?
How do I prepare for the CAT starting from the beginning? What are the tricks and methods?	How do I start CAT preparation from scratch?
How often can I put coconut oil on my hair?	Should I apply coconut oil to my hair daily?
How can the size of breasts be reduced?	How I decrease the size of breasts?
How can I get funding from a venture capital firm?	How can I get venture capital or private equity for companies.?
Which is the best place in Mumbai to get cricket coaching?	Which are the best places in Mumbai to get cricket coaching?
What is the small thing that made you smile today?	What makes you smile today?
How can we minimise sleep?	How can I minimize sleep?
Can astrologers actually read the future?	Can astrology and astrologers accurately predict the future?
Is it healthy to eat fish every day?	Is it healthy to eat a tomato every day?
Are  there any startups in Chennai providing internship for students?	Are there any startup in Chennai providing internship and training to students?
What advice would you give to your 18-year-old self?	What is some advice you could give an 18-year-old?
What is the best way to reduce belly and arm fat?	What are the best cardio exercises for skinny people that have lower belly fat?
Is Turkey a safe place to visit considering the recent events?	Is Turkey safe given the recent bombings and protests?
Which is the best beach for a couple to stay for a week in Goa?	Which is the best beach resorts for romantic views in Goa?
What would be the possible impact on Indian economy after cancellation of 500 and 1000 Rs notes?	How can the ban of 500 and 1000 rupee notes increase the Indian economy?
What career choice do I have after completing a B.Tech in mechanical engineering if I am interested in space research?	What opportunities exist after completing a B.Tech in mechanical engineering?
What do you think of the the movie Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them? How did it appeal to you?	What do you think about Fantastic Beasts?
What makes you decide to follow someone on Quora?	What factors decide who you follow on Quora?
What are the best top 10 movies of Hollywood ever?	What are best Hollywood movies?
Is Ubuntu Studio good for pro Audio? Does it have all the features of regular Ubuntu?	Is Ubuntu Studio viable for pro audio? Does it have all the features of regular Ubuntu?
What should I do to become a doctor?	How can I become a doctor?
What are current Quora demographics (by country)?	What are the demographics of Quora users and the main personas?
Why is Saltwater Taffy candy imported in Portugal?	Why is saltwater Taffy candy imported in Canada?
How do I convince my wife to take bath everyday?	How do I convince my wife to take a bath everyday no matter its winter or summer?
Does dental implant surgery hurt?	Does getting a dental implant hurt?
How do I learn the art of asking questions?	How can I learn to ask good questions?
Will the World end?	When will be the end of the world and why?
How do i lose weight?	How do I reduce my weight?
How do you overcome fear?	How can I overcome fears?
How can I remove dark circles under eye?	How do I remove dark circles below eyes naturally?
What types of foods do Americans eat which the rest of the world finds disgusting?	What types of food do Americans eat that people from other parts of the world find disgusting?
What is the point of living when were all going to die?	What is the point of living if we are going to die and not remember anything?
How can someone become a polymath?	How does one become a polymath?
How do you get started as a beginner public speaker?	What should I do to be a public speaker?
What are some things Indians should be proud of?	What are some things every Indian should know and feel proud about?
What are the effective ways to increase the willpower?	What is the best way to increase your willpower?
Why is Saltwater Taffy candy imported in Poland?	Why is Saltwater taffy candy imported in Japan?
Would Modi "dare" to abolish the reservation?	Will Modi remove Quota Reservation?
Why has there been a major uptick in absurd questions on Quora with extremely poor grammar and spelling?	Why do so many Quora questions have poor spelling and grammar?
Which is the best coaching centre in Hyderabad for IAS coaching?	What are the best IAS coaching centres in Hyderabad?
How can I improve small talk as I am absolutely useless at it?	I'm really bad at small talk. How can I improve my small talk skills?
How can I increase my height I am 5'2 and 13 years old?	How do I increase height at age of 16?
How does the HP OfficeJet 4620 Airprint compare to the HP LaserJet Enterprise M506x?	How does the HP OfficeJet 4620 Airprint compare to the HP DesignJet Z5200 44-in Photo Printer?
How do you see the PM Modi’s move of banning old 500 and 1000 rupee currency notes?	What are the full implications of the Indian government's decision to withdraw all the old 500 and 1000 rupee notes from circulation?
What is secularism?	What is secularism? Are the Indian political parties secular?
What are Kepler's laws? Why are they important?	Why are Kepler's Laws so important?
I am an international student in the US - do I have to leave if Trump wins?	What will happen to international students in the US if Donald Trump becomes president?
What are the things that make Indians happy? (Enough of what makes us sad)	What are the things that made India happy?
Can you get your penis bigger?	How do I get a bigger dick?
Why is religion is to blame for the witch hunt in Salem? Give quotation from crucible and explain it.	Why is religion is to blame for the witch hunt in Salem?
Why do so many people ask questions on Quora that can be found in a Google search?	Why do so many people on Quora ask stupid questions they could find answers to if they spent less than 5 minutes on a search engines?
What is the funniest joke you've ever heard or read?	What is the funniest joke you have ever read heard or listened?
What is the point of answering questions on Quora?	How does it benefit you to answer questions on Quora?
Which is the best laptop I can buy in india for Rs.25000-30000?	What are the best laptops to buy within Rs.30000 or $485 and why?
How will Indian GDP be affected from banning 500 and 1000 rupees notes?	What would be the possible impact on Indian economy after cancellation of 500 and 1000 Rs notes?
Who are notable angel investors in Singapore?	Who are the notable angel investors in Singapore?
How can you determine the melting point of coconut oil?	What is the melting point of coconut oil? How is this determined?
How do I calculate percentile?	What is percentile and how to calculate it?
What is a good song for a text prank?	What is a good prank lyric text to text to a friend?
What are some good ways to lose weight?	How do I reduce my weight?
Should I study Computer Science or Physics?	Should I study physics or computer science ?
How can we make our life simpler?	How do I make my life simple?
What Is your New year resolutions in 2017?	What's your resolutions for 2017?
What is the best way to judge if a watermelon is ripe enough to eat?	What is the best way to determine if a watermelon is ripe?
Is there really a cure for all cancer?	Does the medical profession know the cure to cancer?
How can I get back in my Facebook without a vaild email or password?	How can I deactivate a Facebook account if I forgot the email address and the password?
What are the benefits of smoking?	Are there any possible health benefits to smoking?
What is the purpose of human life in the world?	What is the purpose of human life with more than 7.2 billion souls on this planet?
Which car should I purchase - Swift Dzire or Baleno?	Which car is more stable Swift Dzire or baleno?
What is the one thing that Indians are crazy about?	What are Indians crazy about?
Which are the best Android games?	Which are best Android games?
How can I get an entry in The Kapil Sharma Show?	How do I get tickets for The Kapil Sharma Show ?
Jimmy Kimmel or Jimmy Fallon?	Jimmy Kimmel Vs. Jimmy Fallon. Who wins?
Which is the best place to invest in Real Estate?	Where is best place to invest in real estate?
What is the canon law?	What is Canon Law?
Which is the top e-commerce companies in India?	Which e-commerce company is on top in India as of now?
Why do people ask questions on Quora that can easily be answered by Google?	Why do people bother to ask questions on Quora they could just google to get the answer?
How much does it cost to visit Japan?	How much money is enough to travel Japan?
What is the meaning of our life?	What is the meaning of my life?
What are some of the best sites to find jobs for BTech freshers in India?	What are websites to search good jobs for BTech freshers in India?
What country in the world has the best nightlife culture?	What country in the world has the best nightlife?
How did Elon Musk grow his hair back?	How has Elon Musk beaten his baldness?
Why is Quora so unwaiveringly liberal and anti Trump?	Why is Quora biased against Donald Trump?
What is the difference between phototropin and phytotropin?	What is the difference between phytotropin And phototropin?
What is the best food in the world?	What are the best foods in the world?
What are good ideas for a YouTube video?	what are some good YouTube video ideas?
What is your review of the movie "The Blind Side" (2009)?	What is your review of The Blind Side (2009 movie)?
What is your favorite dirty joke?	What's your favorite dirty joke?
What is your biggest hopeless regret?	What was the biggest mistake of your life?
Top writers from india?	Who are top writers on Quora from india?
How can India be corruption free?	What steps must Indians take to make India corruption free?
What will Trump do to make America great again?	How will Trump make America great again?
Where can I found a leading manufacturer and supplier of ceramic porcelain tiles in Sydney?	Where can I found large collections of ceramic and porcelain wall and floor tiles in Sydney?
What is a loan?	What is loan?
Is it feasible to build a wall between the US and Mexico as Donald Trump claims he would do?	Can Donald Trump build the wall?
How can track an android phone location with the victims number without the persons concent?	How can I track someone's location through android mobile only by knowing the persons phone number and name without the persons consent?
HOw do I speak Fluent English?	What are some ways to improve English?
How can I have an orgasm?	What is the best way to get an orgasm?
Why did none of the Pandavas have daughters?	Did any of the Pandavas have a daughter?
Which mobile is better for 7k?	Which is the best mobile below 7K?
What is the best way to restore a Dell Inspiron 530 to factory settings?	How do you reset a Dell laptop to factory settings?
What did I do wrong when my question is marked as "Needs Improvement"?	All of my questions are marked "needs improvement." Why?
Why we can feel stars twinkling?	Why do the stars in the sky flicker?
How do you respond when someone calls you stupid?	How do you respond when someone calls you an idiot?
Oxford machine learning?	What does it take to do a PhD at Oxford in machine learning?
Where can I find large datasets open to the public?	Where can I find large datasets open to public?
How do you earn money from internet?	What are the various ways through which one can earn money online?
How can I tone my buttocks fast?	How do I tone up my buttocks?
How do I enhance my English writing skills?	What are suggestions or ideas to improve my English writing skills?
Will there be any problem if both the husband and the wife are of the same blood group (A+)?	What would happen when hasband and wife both have the same blood group (A+)?
12 things that will drastically improve your life?	What things can improve the quality of life?
How do I learn to ask the right questions?	How can you learn the art of asking good questions?
What is the best laptop for a programmer?	What is the best programming laptop?
How do I get more traffic for my site?	How do I get more traffic to my site?
What are some less known facts about Bengaluru?	What are some interesting facts about Bengaluru?
Which is the best digital marketing institute for professionals in India?	What is the scope of digital marketing in India for an MBA marketing student?
What are the safety precautions on handling shotguns proposed by the NRA in Kansas?	What are the safety precautions on handling shotguns proposed by the NRA in Mississippi?
What are your views on the supreme court's decision to make playing national anthem mandatory in cinema halls?	What are your views on Supreme Court decision of must National Anthem before movies?
What are some Nanny Cams?	What is a good nanny cam?
What are the things that one should do before they die?	What are the things to do before you die?
Where should I learn maths for competitive programming?	What material would be better for learning mathematics for competitive programming?
What incident changed your life forever?	What one decision changed your life drastically?
Is there a chance that Donald Trump turns out to be a very good president?	Why will Donald Trump be a good president?
What are the best books on microbiology?	What is the best book for microbiology?
What should I do if I am confused about my career?	What should I do I am very confused about my career?
What should be done to get rid of laziness?	What should I do to avoid laziness?
What are some small business ideas?	Small business ideas?
Is it possible to find an owner of a car by license plate?	How do I find out the name and address of a car owner by using just his license plate number?
What do you do if you're tired but you have to study?	What can you do when are you tired of studying?
What are the best places to visit in Kerala? What is the best way of transportation there?	What are the best 10 places to visit in Kerala including any falls?
Can I leave the airport during a layover and not return?	Can I leave at layover airport without cancelling the ticket for a domestic connecting flight?
How has social media changed the world?	How has Social Medial Changed the World?
What are some of the best motivational clips?	What are some of the best motivational videos?
Why is there no RNA in nucleus?	Why there is no RNA in the nucleus?
Does swimming increase your height in twenties?	Does height increase after 18 years?
How do I apply for internship in TCS?	How one should apply for internship in TCS?
What are the safety precautions on handling shotguns proposed by the NRA in Massachisetts?	What are the safety precautions on handling shotguns proposed by the NRA in Montana?
How many cars drive with rear wheel drive?	How many cars drive with rear wheel?
Psychology of Everyday Life: What are some of the greatest examples of absence of mind?	What are some of the great examples of absence of mind?
Why is the media against Trump?	Why mainstream media hates Donald Trump?
Is there a chance that Donald Trump turns out to be a very good president?	Is Donald Trump fit to be president?
Between how many levels of pressure force can the 3D-Touch sensitive display of the iPhone 6s distinguish?	How many levels of pressure force can the 3D-Touch recognition of the iPhone 7 differentiate?
What are you doing while on Quora?	What are you doing in Quora?
How do I create a program to solve differential equations in c++?	How do I create a program to solve a system of differential equations in C++?
What is the best site to download films?	Which is the best site to download movies from?
What causes "queefing"?	What causes a queefing?
Where can I get very smooth and uncomplicated assistance in Sydney for any property transaction?	Where can I get very friendly assistance in property for sale across the Sydney?
Why are human beings so intelligent compared to all the other kinds of animals?	What technicality results in humans being more intelligent than other animals?
Which is best institute in Bangalore for software testing?	What is the best software testing institute for software testing in Bangalore?
How do I get instagram followers for free really fast?	How do I get free Instagram followers fast?
What is the most important thing to have in life?	What is the most important thing/person in your life?
What languages are used to make mobile apps?	What languages are used to make apps on the phone?
What are the easiest ways to make good money using the Internet?	What is the easiest way to earn money using internet?
What do you think of that Bob Dylan wins the 2016 Nobel Prize for Literature?	What do you think about Bob Dylan winning the Nobel Literature Prize as a singer and a songwriter?
How do I become good at math?	How did you become so good at maths?
What is the best way to learn qtp?	What is the best way to learn everything about QTP?
How do I get 5k followers on Instagram?	How do I get more followers on Instagram?
What are the best foods and/or diet plan for weight gain?	What are the best foods for weight gain?
How can you teach yourself to read?	How do I teach myself to read?
What is the conflict between Israel and Palestine?	What is the cause of conflict between Israel and Palestine?
Which is the easiest way to forget someone?	What is a good solution to forget someone?
What does an obsession feel like?	What does obsession feel like?
Daniel Ek: When will you launch Spotify in India?	When will Spotify launch in India?
Why do some people currently believe the earth is flat?	Why do some people think Earth is flat?
Which are the best books to prepare for IAS exam?	What is the best book of preparations for IAS exam?
What is the funniest joke you ever heard?	What is the best joke you've ever hear?
Why does Quora claim of all questions I write, that "This question needs editing to be improved"?	Is there a way on Quora to ask why a specific question was marked as needs improvement?
How do Americans get such white teeth?	Why do all Americans have such white teeth? Is it related to their habits or because of the race?
What are the career opportunities in US after MS in Engineering Management for a Civil Engineer?	How are the job opportunities in US after completing MS in Engineering Management?
Is there life after death?	Is there life after death? Can we revive our life once again as next avatar of ourselves?
Can I find a mobiles location with it's phone number?	How can you find the location of a phone using its number?
Quora: How to ask question on Quora so that it wont get marked as needing improvement?	Why are ALL my questions being marked as needing improvement?
How does AC work? Does it mean the electrons shuffle back and forth along the wire at a frequency of the current flowing?	How does AC current travel if it alternates back and forth?
Why is CGI so expensive and how can it be made cheaper?	Why is CGI so expensive?
What are the differences between a borderline personality disorder and a narcissistic personality?	What are the differences between a Covert Narcissist and someone with Borderline personality disorder?
How do I get into my Instagram if I forgot my email and my Facebook password?	How can I open my Facebook account I forgot my password and Gmail?
What happened to William's wife in pillars of the earth?	What happened to Williams wife in pillars of the earth?
Which country high demand for architects?	Which countries have high demand for architects?
What is the difference between Chinese and Mandarin?	What's the difference between Mandarin and Chinese?
What was the real cause of the arab revolutions?	What are the real causes of the Arab revolution?
China attack on India?	Will china attack India?
Why does helium make your voice go squeaky?	Why does helium make your voice sound funny?
How does inflation affect the economy?	How exactly inflation affects economy?
What are some mind-blowing technology gadgets that exist that most people don't know about?	What are some mind blowing gadgets that exist in 2016 that most people don't know about?
How do I survive in a long distance relationship?	Does a long distance relationship really work?
What do you think Heaven is like?	What do you think heaven will be like?
Are we near World War 3?	How imminent is World War three?
What are some leguminous crops?	What are some examples of leguminous plants?
Can we time travel?	Is it possible to time travel to past?
How can I improve my spoken English ability?	How can I improve my communication skill and English proficiency?
Is the Bible true?	Is the Bible true? What if it was just like some sort of a diary?
Does salt conduct electricity?	Can salt conduct electricity?
What are ways to make money online at home?	What should I do to make money online in India?
What can I do to improve my public speaking skills?	How can I improve my public speaking ability?
When is it too late to study medicine and become a doctor?	I am 24. Is it too late to get into medicine?
Do you really think everything happens for a reason?	Do you believe everything happens for a reason? Why or why not?
What was the craziest thing you have done?	What is the craziest thing you have ever done in your lifetime?
If I had a period for 2 days and a half can I still get pregnant?	I had sex 2 days before my period and my period was late and arrived three days later after my regular date. What's the possibility of being pregnant?
How do I generate calls for tech support?	How do I get calls for my tech support?
Why are Apple products so expensive and over-hyped among the public?	Are Apple products overrated and overpriced?
What is a logbook loan?	What is Logbook loans?
How can I quit porn and masturbation forever?	How can quit masturbation and watching porn?
I recently joined an IT company after completing my B.Tech in mechanical engineering. How do I excel in my career?	How will be my career if I chose MBA after b.tech in mechanical engineering?
How do I get more traffic for my site?	How can I drive more traffic to my website?
What are the most haunted places in delhi?	What are some haunted/spooky places in Delhi?
How do I get over existential depression?	How can I get over this existential depression?
What should i do to overcome depression ?	How does anyone overcome depression?
What do you think of Mr. Modi's decision to discontinue Rs 500 and 1000 currencies as of midnight November 8th?	What are your views on the decision of Narendra Modi to discontinue the use of 500 and 1000 currency notes?
How do I get rich?	How could I get rich?
How do I download videos from hotstar?	How do I download a video from Hot Star?
How do I become a better designer?	How can I become a better designer?
What are the healthy ways of gaining weight and muscles?	What is the best weight gain treatment for gaining weight?
Who was Nelson Mandela? What were some of his greatest accomplishments?	What were Nelson Mandela's greatest accomplishments?
What does it mean if a dog throws up yellow liquid?	What should you do if your dog were to vomit yellow foamy liquid?
What existed before the Big Bang?	What existed in the space before Big Bang?
What is the effective way to learn Perl?	How do I learn Perl?
What is quantitative aptitude?	What is a quantitative aptitude test?
Is Donald Trump winning the election?	Will Donald Trump become the president of USA?
What are the difference between 32 bit and 64 bit processor?	What's the difference between 32 bit and 64 bit cpu?
What should you do if you just had a business idea and want to be an entrepreneur?	What must you do if you have a business idea and want to be an entrepreneur?
Where can I find a hacker?	How can I hire a hacker?
Is law a good career choice?	How is law as a career?
What are some ways for me to get better at math?	What are some ways that will get me better at math?
What are some examples of two kind of people?	What are some cool examples of two kinds of people?
Which are some of the best movies of 2016?	What are your top 5 movies for 2016?
How do I get rid of Erectile Dysfunction?	How do I resolve my problem of erectile dysfunction?
How can a girl get out of the friend zone?	How do I get out of the friend zone?
How can I gain remote access to my husband’s iPhone?	Can I remotely access an iphone?
What is the worst mistake you can make at work?	What is the worst mistake you ever made at work?
Which films are considered the best Hollywood on Hollywood films?	Which are the best Hollywood movies of all time?
What is Jake Williams' accent?	How is Jake Williams’s accent?
What is purpose of life?	What could be the basic purpose of life?
Which is the Best MATLAB software?	Which is the best software for matlab?
Why do people believe in fortune telling?	Why do people believe in their fortune telling?
How much is known about the release date of the new Apple MacBook Pro?	Are there any rumours about when a new MacBook Pro 15" could be released?
Why do people ask questions on Quora that can easily be answered by Google?	Why do some people ask questions on Quora that could easily be answered by using a search engine?
Can you live without brain stem?	Can you live without a brain stem?
Why do people think that Hinduism is a pagan religion?	Why is Hinduism a pagan religion?
How did Trump win the presidency?	How did Donald Trump win the election?
What are the greatest novels of all time?	What are some of the greatest novels ever written?
What are the tips to prepare for competitive exams?	What is the best way to prepare for any competitive exam?
What is your favorite color? Why?	What are your favorite colors?
What factors differentiate Usain Bolt from others that make him run so fast?	What does Usain Bolt do differently to be so fast?
What is best colour combination with pista green?	What is best colour combination with pista green patiyala?
Where and how was chocolate invented?	When and how was chocolate invented?
Is it possible to time travel to past?	Is time travel theoretically possible?
What is your opinion on PM Narendra Modi's decision to ban INR 500 and INR 1000 notes?	What do you think of the decision by the Indian Government to demonetize 500 and 1000 rupee notes?
What the meaning of this all life?	What is the meaning of "Life"?
How can I best prepare for a divorce?	How should I prepare for an imminent divorce?
what is your thoughts about bridge between science and religion?	What is the relationship between science and religion?
What does an IFS officer do?	What does ifs officer do?
What is the reason behind introducing Rs 2000 notes instead of Rs 1000?	What is the utility behind removing Rs 1000 notes and rather introducing Rs 2000 notes in order to curb black money?
What is the worst thing you saw your kids do that you wish you had never seen?	What is one thing that you saw your daughter doing that you wish you had never seen?
What is a black swan theory?	What is black swan theory?
What is Hillary Clinton and Tim Kaine's plan for NASA?	What will NASA's budget and Priorities be in a Hillary Clinton Presidency?
How would you teach your 2 year old to swim?	How can parents teach swim?
What makes people get defensive?	Why do people get defensive?
How can an adult male increase his height after 22?	Can height be increased after age 21?
What is the function of RNA?	What are the functions of RNA?
What are the career options available for an electrical engineering graduate?	What are the career options for an electrical and electronics engineer in the IOT field?
What is your favorite month of the year and why?	What is your favorite month of the year?
What do Americans think about Donald Trump?	What do you think about Donald trump?
What would happen if Facebook were to shut down immediately without warning for one week?	What would happen if Facebook were to shut down immediately without warning?
How did the universe look like before the Big Bang?	What happened before the Big Bang?
My questions haven't changed. Why are they now being marked as needing improvement?	How do I talk to the moderators who marked my questions as needing improvements in Quora?
What is 1g 2g 3g and 4g?	What is the difference between 2G and 3G mobile networks?
What is the chemical formula ethane?	What's the chemical formula of ethane?
How much coffee should one drink per day?	How much coffee is safe to consume per day?
What are some arguments in support of electing Donald Trump?	What do Trump supporters provide for reasons why should I support Donald Trump?
What is the best picture you took with your phone?	Which is the best photo you took using your phone?
Why do cats hate cucumbers?	Why are cats afraid of cucumbers?
What are the best foods to fight diabetes?	What food is best for diabetes?
What is the best book about digital marketing?	Which are best books on digital marketing?
Where can I buy best quality wedding cakes in Gold Coast?	Where can I buy best quality birthday or wedding cake at Gold Coast?
Which are the best movies of Hollywood?	What are the best Hollywood movies ever?
Why has Ernest W. Adams disabled comments on his answers?	Why does Ernest Adams disable comments on his answers?
When do you know when it's time to break up with someone?	How do I know if it's time to break up with someone?
What are some good books on social intelligence?	What are some good books on how to be socially intelligent?
What are the best ways to lose weight?	What are some good ways to lose weight?
Which is the best website design company Delhi/NCR?	Which are the best website design and development companies in Delhi NCR?
What's your new year resolution for 2017?	What's your resolutions for 2017?
What the best way(s) to fight boredom?	What should I do to beat boredom?
What is the Expected cutoff for KVPY SA stream 2016?	What is the expected cut off for KVPY SA 2016?
What do I say to my friend after his breakup?	What should I say to my friend after his breakup?
Can I still grow taller after two and a half years of having my period?	Can you still grow after period?
What is a good thesis statement for "The Yellow Wallpaper" by Charlotte Perkins Gilman?	What's a good thesis topic for "The Yellow Wallpaper"?
Why is it not healthy to feed your dog human food?	Is it safe to give your dog human food? What foods could be considered a health risk for your dog?
How do I stop being insecure unnecessarily in my relationship?	How should I stop being insecure?
What is the importance philosophy of education?	Why is educational philosophy important?
What is the easy way to make money online?	What are the best ways to make money online?
What are some spices similar to cumin and how are they used?	What are some spices similar to cumin? What are some examples on how they can be used in recipes?
What is the best way to improve my questions on Quora?	What are the 3 best things you would recommend to improve your questions on Quora?
How do you deal with stupid parents?	How do I deal with stupid parents?
What should I do if my Shepherd/Retriever mixed puppy is chewing my shoes?	How do I stop my Yorkie/Corgi mix from chewing my shoes?
What are the high level procedural programming languages?	What are procedural programming paradigms?
Who was the best presidential candidate that did not get elected?	Who was/is the best presidential candidate to never become president?
What are the safety precautions on handling shotguns proposed by the NRA in Minnesota?	What are the safety precautions on handling shotguns proposed by the NRA in Idaho?
What would be the advantages and disadvantages of having one world language?	Could and should the world have a universal language?
How do we know the purpose of our life?	What is the purpose of your life?
How do you know if you have found "the one"?	How did you know you found "the one"?
Can I use another opertator's SIM in Jio SIM slot after using Jio SIM ?	Does the SIM slot works after using it with Jio?
What is the remainder when 2^100 is divided by 101?	What is the remainder when [math]2^{100}[/math] is divided by 101?
What if Donald Trump wins?	What will happen now that President-elect Donald Trump has won the election?
When micromax nitro 2 get lollipop update?	Will the Micromax E311 Nitro 2 get an Android update?
What are the best movie and book plot twists?	What movie had the best plot twist?
How do you know when your partner is cheating?	How will you know if your partner was or still cheating on you?
How do I prepare for UGC NET English Literature thoroughly?	What is the best preparation strategy for ugc net english literature?
Which is the best Harry Potter book?	What are the best Harry Potter books?
What are the main causes of schizophrenia?	What causes schizophrenia?
How can I hack my husbands cellphone?	How can I hack my husband WhatsApp?
I am in final yearhow to get placed in VLSI field without doing any courses in VLSI after my b.tech?	What are the required courses in the field of VLSI that students must take to get jobs in professional companies?
What's the difference between freckles and moles?	What are the differences between freckles and moles? What are their similarities?
How does CRISPR work?	How does CRISPR/Cas9 work?
Can the iCloud lock be broken?	Is it really possible to remove iCloud lock on an iPhone?
What are things which I can export from india?	What is the best thing to export from India?
What is Baluchistan problems?	What is the Baluchistan conflict? What do the people of Baluchistan want?
What should I do if I forgot my iCloud email and password?	Where can I find my lost iCloud password?
Why is India so bad at Olympics and football?	Why isn't India good in the Olympics and in "Asian Games"?
Why is Japan more technologically advanced than other rich Western countries?	Why do you think Japan is so advanced than other major countries? What's the secret solution?
I have forgotten my Facebook password and email password also?	I forgot my email Id and password on Facebook. How can I log into Facebook?
Why does Quora succeed in spite of having some other Q and A websites like Yahoo Answers and Wiki Answers?	Why did Yahoo answers fail and Quora succeed?
What are your views on Narendra Modi taking bribe from Aditya Birla group and Sahara as revealed in IT appraisement papers?	What do you think of Arvind Kejriwal's accusations on Narendra Modi about taking bribe from Aditya Birla Group?
What are best books for Iot?	What are the best book for IoT?
What are some interesting facts about the Holocaust?	What are 5 facts about the Holocaust?
What is the easiest and painless way to commit suicide?	What’s the easiest most painless way to die?
Which one is the best romantic movie?	What is the best romantic movie of all time?
Why did Twitter elect to shutdown Vine rather than sell it?	Why is Twitter killing Vine and not selling it?
What is the best way to learn Android Studio for a beginner?	What is the best way to learn Android Studio?
Why can't India get more medals in every Olympics?	Why are Indians not getting medals in Olympics?
Why is online marketing important?	Why does online marketing important?
Why do some people think the Earth is flat?	Why do some people currently believe the earth is flat?
How do i start my TOEFL preparation?	How do I prepare for TOEFL exam?
How could I fix my sleep schedule?	How do i fix a broken sleep schedule?
Can I delete my own question after it's been answered?	How do I delete my question from Quora?
What should I wear at my friends wedding?	What should I wear to my friend’s wedding?
Why is Trump refusing to release his tax return?	Why is Donald Trump still hiding his tax records?
What is the average pay for a good freelancing iOS developer?	What Is the average income for a freelance iOS app developer?
How can one tackle the increasing air pollution in Delhi?	What can I do as an individual to control pollution in Delhi?
How come a girl turned down a foot massage in person?	How do I know if a girl wanted a foot massage?
What career path should I take and what college major is the most appropriate?	How do I choose a career path and college major?
Would you consider yourself lucky?	Do you consider yourself lucky? Why?
How do semiconductors differ from conductors and insulators?	How does a semiconductor differ from conductor and insulator?
Why did MS Dhoni quit ODI and T20 captaincy but will still play?	Why did MS Dhoni leave the captaincy of ODI and T20?
How can l learn guitar? What are some good tips for playing guitar?	How do I learn playing a guitar easily?
How is the formula for acceleration determined?	How can you determine the formula for acceleration?
How do zodiac signs affect our personality?	How do zodiac signs influence behaviour?
What is the best picture you took using your phone?	Which is the best photo you took using your phone?
Can anyone help me as a mentor with my startup idea (implementing)?	I need a mentor-cum-investor for an idea I have for a startup? Can anyone help me?
What is good way to spend a Sunday in Bangalore?	How do we spend our weekends in Bangalore?
What's the procedure to participate in Sabrina Deep's Fan Bang?	How can I participate in Sabrina Deep Fanbang?
How can I improve my decision making skills?	I am very poor in taking decisions in my life and my past experience proved it. How can I improve my decision making skills?
What are magnets made out of and how are they made?	What are magnets made of?
How do I start preparation for IAS exam?	How do I start preparing for UPSC exam?
What are the best gaming laptops under INR 60000?	Which is the best gaming laptop in 60000 Rs?
How can I negotiate my starting salary without any competing offers?	How should I negotiate a salary without a competing offer?
How do I get funding for my idea of an app?	How do I get funding for my web based startup idea?
How much weight can drone carry?	How much weight can a drone carry?
How do you make easy money online?	What are some easy ways to make done extra money online?
Which are some good data analytics companies in India?	Which are the best data analytics company in India?
Can we earn on Quora?	Can you earn from Quora?
How do I contact a hacker?	Where can I hire a serious hacker?
What would the world be like if Nazi Germany had never lost the war?	What would the world look like if the Nazis won the war?
Where do I get a call girl?	Where do I get call girls?
How can I get smarter and higher IQ?	How do I get a higher IQ?
What will happen to stock market due to demonetizing of 500rs and 1000rs note in India?	What will be the effect of the ban of the 1000rs and 500rs notes on the stock market?
Is it good to use JavaScript for back end development?	Is JavaScript good for back end web development?
At what age you had a first sex?	At what age you had your first sex?
What is a good way to learn the violin?	Which is the best way to learn to play the violin?
What are some of the weirdest questions asked in Quora?	What are the weirdest questions you have seen on Quora?
What are real tips to improve work life balance?	How to manage you work life balance?
How can you track you ancestors?	How do you track your ancestors?
Is it possible to create a space elevator using electromagnetic force fields?	Could we create a space elevator using super-powered magnets?
How can I improve my English Language?	How can I continue to improve my English?
How can I improve my spoken English ability?	How can I improve my English Language?
How do you get rid of boredom and irritation?	What are the causes of boredom and the best practice to get rid of it psychologically?
What's Marc Bodnick going to do after Quora?	What is Marc Bodnick going to do next?
Why is Nevada a European tax heaven?	Why is Nevada is a European tax haven?
How can I lose 20 kgs in one year?	How can one lose 20 kg in one year?
What can we learn in ten minutes?	What can I learn now in just ten minutes?
Who are the founders of Quora?	Who is the father of Quora?
How do I get a tiny waist?	How do you get a smaller waist?
What are rainbows? How are they formed?	How is a rainbow formed?
How did abolitionism start? How did the abolitionism of David walker and William Lloyd garrison differ?	How did the abolitionism of David walker and William Lloyd garrison differ?
Which is the best tourist place in Kerala?	Which are the top ten tourist places in Kerala?
Who is the most followed person on Quora?	Who is the most popular writer on Quora?
How much does it to file a patent on your own?	How much does it cost to patent something?
Can your soul cause your body to heat up or burn?	Why would someone's soul cause their body to burn to ash suddenly?
What is the Best book to learn Java design patterns?	What are some of the best books on Java or in general  on object oriented design patterns?
What if India gives Kashmir to Pakistan?	What will happen after India gives Kashmir to Pakistan?
What is the single most convincing tool proving the possible existence of the Multiverse?	Is it possible to prove the existence of multiverses?
How do I link a submit button to another page using HTML?	How do I link a submit button to another webpage using HTML?
Who first invented television?	Who invented TV?
What's the difference between IITs and other engineering colleges?	What is the Difference between private colleges and IITs?
How many medals will India win in Rio Olympics?	How many medals is India expected to win at the 2016 Rio Olympics?
Would Modi "dare" to abolish the reservation?	Is modi government doing anything to remove caste based reservation?
How do I prepare for Microsoft’s 98-379 software testing fundamental certification exam?	How do I pass 98-379 software testing fundamentals?
From where can I learn programming?	Where should I start to learn programming?
How does one travel while being on a very low budget?	How do I travel with a low budget?
Why are some men sexually weak?	Why men are sexually weak?
What does the rest of the world think about the Indian Army's surgical Strike in POK?	What world nations think about the surgical strike on POK launch pads and what is the reaction of Pakistan?
Why does everyone on Quora seem to be ridiculously successful?	To what extent are Quora users successful?
What is the biggest challenge for starting a new business?	What is the biggest challenge for an entrepreneur in starting a business?
Which girl has the most beautiful eyes in your opinion? Emma Watson or Kristen Stewart?	Does Emma Watson have more beautiful eyes or Kristen Stewart?
Why does it seem that the majority of persons using Quora are politically liberal?	Why do people think Quora is so liberal?
How do you hook up an iPad to a TV?	How do you connect your iPhone or iPad to your TV?
What is the best way to open a .doc file?	How do you open .doc files on a computer?
Why are Quora users allowed to disable comments on their answers?	Why does Quora allow allow some users to disable commenting?
What made the movie FIGHT CLUB so special?	What makes the movie fight club so special?
How can I improve my voice for singing?	What should I do make my voice soft and improve my voice quality for singing?
Are there actually any legit work at home jobs?	Is there any actual work from home jobs that pay?
What is the best gaming laptop I can buy under 60000 in India?	Which is the best gaming laptop under 60k INR?
When should I start preparing for IIM?	When should I start preparing for the IIM?
How do I know if a girl likes me back or not?	How will a boy know whether a girl likes him or not?
What is the primary demographic difference between Republicans and Democrats?	What are the differences between Republicans and Democrats?
Can beef ban be justified?	Is meat ban justified?
Do new 2000 rupees have a GPS?	Did RBI confirm that GPS chips have been used in new 2000 rupees notes?
What are the rights of a prisoner?	What rights do prisoners maintain?
How can I forget the past and focus on the future?	How should I forget my past if I don't want to do it?
Why are women sensitive about age?	Why are girl and women so sensitive about age?
How can a company be listed on multiple exchanges?	How can companies be listed on multiple exchanges?
What are your top 5 albums of all time?	What are your top five albums of all time?
What is black money and how can it effect the economy of a country?	What is the effect of black money on India's macro economy?
What will be the impact of Donald Trump 's election to the president on American economy?	What will be the effect of Donald Trump 's becoming the President on American economy?
How can I gain weight on my body?	How can I gain weight naturally?
How can anyone increase height?	How do I increase the height?
Why should we celebrate birthdays?	Why should one celebrate birthdays?
How can I control my emotions?	How do I have control over my emotions?
What are the best ways to prepare for the CA auditing final?	What is the best way to prepare for CA final group1 papers?
How do you stop an 8 week Husky puppy from biting my shoes?	How do I stop a Pointer/Boxer mix puppy from chewing my shoes?
How can I cheat death?	How do I cheat death?
How is the job of an investment banker?	What is the work of investment banker?
What are your thoughts on Pokemon Go?	What is your review of Pokémon GO?
What If India Scraps Indus Water Treaty Unilateraly? In response to relentless cross border Terrorism from Pakistan?	Why has the Indus water sharing treaty between India and Pakistan survived wars and terror attacks?
How do gravity exists? What is the reason behind this force attracting materials?	What is the reason behind Gravitational Force?
What are the best exercises to burn belly fat?	What is the best way to reduce abdominal fat?
Where do you find your wireless network security key?	How do I find the network security key?
Are Indian Muslims against P.M Narendra Modi? Why?	Is it true all Muslims hate Modi?
What are the best car accessories?	What are the best 5 car accessories you must have?
What are some unknown facts of Jayalalitha(Amma)?	What are the coolest unknown facts about Tamil Nadu's Chief Minister Jayalalitha?
From which site can I download free e books?	Where can I download free e-book novels?
Which is the best book for data structures?	What are the best books to learn data structures?
What are some ways to keep yourself from getting distracted while working or studying?	How should I stop myself from getting distracted while studying?
The best way for weight loss?	What are the best way of loose the weight?
Why is Indian Army killing innocent civilians in Kashmir?	Why Indian army is killing innocent Kashmir's?
Do mermaids still exists?	Are mermaids actually real?
What's difference between people vs persons?	What's the difference between people and persons?
What is the best resource or book to learn Angular 2?	Which is the best book to learn Angular 2?
Is it ethical to watch porn?	Is its ethical to watch porn?
How can I reduce my weight and tummy?	Fitness: What can I do to reduce my bulky tummy?
How can I access research papers for free?	what are the main free online libraries for research papers ?
How do I know if a guy likes me or not?	what are the signs a guy likes you ?
What are political views? What are some examples of it?	What are some examples of political views?
Is there is any possible way stop reservation system in India?	How do we (anti-reservation people) stop the reservation system in India?
What is a INTJ person?	What is an INTJ person?
Do turtles make good pets?	Are giant turtles good pets?
What consequences did the agricultural revolution have?	Why is the Agricultural Revolution considered so important in history?
How do I find the average acceleration?	What is average acceleration?
Why is China trying to take over the South China Sea?	Why is China taking over South China Sea?
I have forgotten my password for Facebook and no primary email and phone is added to my account. How can I get access to my account?	I have forgotten my Facebook password and email password also?
What happens when you cut yourself on purpose?	What happens when you cut yourself?
Are we near World War 3?	Is World War 3 on the way with the US Elections?
What are the best way to increase website traffic organically?	How can I increase the traffic on a site?
What is your favorite saying and why?	What is your favorite saying from where you are from?
What are best Digital marketing training institute in India?	Which is the best Digital Marketing training institute in India?
How do you deal with it when people gossip behind your back?	How do you deal with peers talking behind your back?
What are the best PDF to Word converters?	What are the name of best PDF to word converter?
Is it worth buying iPhone 7?	Is it worth buying the iPhone 7?
How much do people typically spend on engagement and wedding rings for the groom and the bride?	How much do people pay for their wedding rings?
What effects does eating spicy food have on us?	What are the health effects of eating a lot of spicy foods?
How should I prepare for a job interview?	How can I prepare for a job interview?
Why women commit suicide after being physically abused ?	Why do some women commit suicide after getting physically abused?
What is the difference between abduction and kidnapping?	What's the difference between kidnapping and abduction?
How will H1b visa impacted under Trump presidency?	Will Donald Trump cut off all H1B visa?
Who is winning the US presidental election?	Between Trump and Clinton who will win US presidential election?
What are the best arguments for the war on drugs?	What are the best arguments for ending the war on drugs?
What is the blandest cuisine in the world?	Which country has the blandest cuisine?
How do I improve thoughts?	How can I improve my thought organization?
What is the best way to reduce weight?	What is the ideal way of loosing weight?
What are some horror movies of 2016 worth watching?	What are some best horror movies of 2016?
Is it safe to use castor oil at 37 weeks to induce labor?	Is it safe to take castor oil at 37 weeks pregnant?
What is your greatest regret in life?	What is the one thing you regret doing in your life?
What is the best way to become a morning person?	How do I become a morning person?
Which is the best site for learning programming?	Which is the best site to learn programming?
What is the difference between Machine Learning and Deep Learning? Which is better?	What is the difference between machine learning and deep learning?
I got back together for the 3rd time with my ex boyfriend. Should I tell him now about the cheating for the last 2y in our past relationship?	I was kinda cheating on my boyfriend but now I'm feeling guilty. Should I tell him about it?
How can it feel to have gay sex?	What do you feel while having gay sex?
What time do people usually start eating Thanksgiving Dinner?	What time do most Americans eat Thanksgiving dinner?
Has anyone tried eye exercises to improve vision? Has anyone been successful?	How effective are eye exercises in improving vision?
How can I prepare for CA CPT 2017?	What is the best way to prepare for CPT exam?
Why do people believe Hillary Clinton is dishonest?	Is Hillary Clinton a habitual liar?
What is the best way to learn to dance?	How do I learn dancing?
What are some of the advantages of Quora?	What are the advantages and disadvantages in Quora?
Is Donald Trump the anti-Christ as revealed in Revelations?	Could Donald Trump be the Antichrist?
Why does everyone hate Hillary Clinton so much?	Why do so many people say Hillary Clinton is evil?
Should I fix my vehicle or buy a new one?	Should I repair my old car or buy a new one?
How many days are needed to learn JavaScript?	How much time does one need to learn JavaScript?
How do I see who viewed my Instagram video?	How can I see who viewed my Instagram videos?
Where can I get wonderful floor tiles company in Sydney?	Where can I get huge selection of floor tiles in Sydney?
Is Jio going to send the bill of data usage to everyone after 31st Dec?	Will Jio send a bill to pay after 31 Dec?
How can I get Meth out of my system in less than 2 days so I can pass my drug test?	How can I pass a meth urine test in less than 24 hrs?
What is an easy way to commit suicide?	What is the easiest way of committing suicide?
What is the worst customer service you've ever experienced in India?	What is your worst experience of customer service in India?
Which Linux distribution should a programmer use?	What is the best Linux distribution for Python programmers?
How the way to speak english fluently?	How can I speak fluent english and get confident?
What shiuld I do to become an astronaut?	How did you become an astronaut?
What is the trick to maintaining long distance relationships?	Is long distance relationship works?
Why should I visit Kerala?	What are the best places to visit on a 3 day trip in and around kerala?
How should I improve my english communication skills?	What is the best way to improve my spoken English soon?
Is there any thing to prove life after death?	Is life after death possible?
What should I do to get more traffic on my blog?	What is the best way to get free traffic to my website?
How much do you love your brother and why?	How much do you love your brother?
How did you feel when you got your first job?	How did you feel at your first job?
What was Brabantio's reaction to Othello's marriage to Desdemona in "Othello" by William Shakespeare?	What does Brabantio think of Othello in "Othello" by William Shakespeare?
How can I become a good developer?	What should we do to be best software developer?
What do you think about the Modi's sudden decision to scrap 500 and 1000 rs denomination?	What do you think about banning 500 and 1000 rupee notes in India?
What are better career options after receiving a diploma in anesthesia in India?	What are the career options after getting a diploma in anesthesia?
How do I write an essay in English effectively?	How can we write a essay?
How can I drive more traffic to my website?	What is the best way to get free traffic to my website?
Why did Indian government scrap Rs 1000 and 500 note and instead is introducing Rs 2000 note?	Why the Modi government ban the 500 and 1000 notes?
Why did Mulayam Singh Yadav expel Akhilesh Yadav from the Samajwadi Party for 6 years?	What is the reason behind suspension of Akhilesh Yadav from Samajwadi Party?
What is Balaji Viswanathan's opinion on the Indian Prime Minister Modi's new policy about illegalization of 500 and 1000 currency notes?	What's your opinion about the decision on removal of 500 and 1000 rupees currency notes?
Which MBA specialization is better?	Which mba specialization is best?
What is the use of flavoured condoms?	What is the use of flavors in condoms?
Which is the best restaurant in the world?	What are the best restaurants in the world?
Who viewed my video on Instagram?	How can I see who views my Instagram?
Which laptop is best under 25000?	What will be best laptop Under 25000 INR ?
What are some examples of figures of speech?	What is figurative speech? What are some examples?
‘It is only knowledge produced with difficulty that we truly value.’ To what extent do you agree with this statement?	It is only knowledge produced with great difficulty we truly value? Do you agree?
How do I edit a question after I already posted it on Quora?	How do I edit my question on Quora when I realize that I misspelled a word?
What are some healthy ways that I could possibly grow my hair a bit faster?	How can I grow my hair in a week with natural remedies that are healthy for hair?
Is J.K Rowling a pen name?	Is J K Rowling a pen name or just her name?
Can a non pilot really land an airliner?	Can someone with no experience land an airliner?
What is abuse?	What do you think constitutes physical/verbal abuse?
What are the different types of contracts?	What are the types of contract?
Which books did Bhavesh Dhingra used for JEE 2016?	Which books did JEE Advanced 2016 AIR 2 Bhavesh Dhingra use in preparation for JEE?
What sites are similar to MTurk?	What are some websites like Mturk?
How do people still think the Earth is flat even though it's proven wrong?	Why do people say the earth is flat when we have seen photos of the earth (which is round)?
Which is the best laptop model to buy within 30k?	Which is the best laptop to buy under 30k?
What books should I read when I'm feeling down?	What books should I read when I'm feeling so down?
How do you validate Bootstrap forms?	How do I validate bootstrap form?
What are the best free Online Resources for learning German?	Which is the best site to learn German?
Has anyone ever died and then revived? What did they see when they die?	Has anyone ever died and came back seeing the other side or not?
How long does meth say in your urine?	If I smoked meth for a month how long for a UA to show clean?
How does black money affect the economy?	How does black money impact a nation's economy?
Have you ever faced racism?	Have you ever experienced racism?
How much does a cardiac surgeon earn?	How much could a cardiac surgeon earn?
Which is the best laptop to buy in the range of 30k to 40k?	Which laptop is best in the range of 30k to 40k INR?
Do you think teachers should give out homework?	Do you think teachers should give homework? Why?
Do you think moon landing was fake?	Is the moon landing fake?
What are the steps to becoming a movie director?	How can I become a movie director?
How can I increase my aptitude skills?	How do i increase my aptitude level?
Can someone increase their height after 25 years?	How girls can increase their height after 18 years?
Is a carbon tax more suitable to dealing with carbon-based pollution or a cap and trade scheme?	What is better to combat Climate Change: cap and trade or a carbon tax?
What was the best answer for "Why we can hire you"?	What are the best answers to "why should I hire you" in bank interview?
Why do people ask so many Googleable questions on Quora?	Why do people ask such questions here on Quora which could be easily found on the internet?
How do we control our own thoughts?	What is the best way to control your thoughts?
How can we get job in Canada?	Which is the best way to get a job in Canada?
How should I improve my english communication skills?	How can I improve my English speaking ability?
Why are so many questions posted to Quora that are so easily answered by using Google?	Why do people write questions on Quora that could be answered with a quick web search?
What's your own perception about Fanaticism?	What is your own perception about fanaticism?
What will be the best place to buy wholesale meats in Sydney?	Where's the best place to buy bulk meat in Sydney?
How can I get meth out of my system in two days?	How do I get meth out of my system from smoking it instantly?
What is difference between part time MBA and Executive MBA?	Is part time MBA preferred or executive MBA?
How will you know you love someone?	How do you know if you are in love with your crush?
What are the functions of IMF?	What is the function of IMF?
What are some tips for writing goodbye emails to work colleagues?	What are some good ways of writing a good bye email to colleagues?
How can I earn more?	How do I earn more?
How many Gold medels will India win in Rio olympics 2016?	How many medals will India win in 2016 Olympics?
How would Trump presidency affect Indian students in the US?	How would it affect Indian students studying/working in the US if Trump becomes the President?
How would you define the real talent?	How you define talent?
What is your favorite music video?	What's your favorite music video?
How do I ask a girl out for a date?	How should I ask this girl out?
Are pigs smarter than dogs?	Why is it that pigs are considered smarter than dogs?
Do you like Chinese people?	Do you like Chinese people? Why?
Can we bring a dead animal back to life?	Will science ever make it possible to bring back the dead?
How can I creative?	How can I become artistic and creative?
Why the Modi government ban the 500 and 1000 notes?	Why the banning of 500 and 1000 rupees notes?
If trump won what would happen to global markets?	What will happen to global stock market if Donald Trump wins the Presidential election?
How do you root an Android tablet?	How do I root my android to do everything?
What are some new year resolutions for 2017?	What will be your New Year's resolution for 2017?
I forgot my Gmail password and I can't answer the Gmail recovery questions. What can I do?	How can I add a recovery phone number to my Gmail account without password to my account?
How does a long distance relationship work?	What does it take for a successful long distance relationship?
How can I be a business analyst?	How do I be a business analyst?
How would Europe develop if the America'were not discovered?	How would Europe develop if the America's were not discovered?
Why we need Antivirus for computer?	Do we really need an antivirus software installed in our PC/laptop?
What is the strangest thing that you have ever experienced?	What is the strangest thing that ever happened to you?
Is it necessary to join big coachings to crack GATE?	Is coaching necessary for cracking the GATE?
How could I improve my writing skill?	How can I improve my writing skills to become a better writer?
What is the best career option for an electrical engineer?	What are best career options available for electrical and electronics engineer today?
Sleep: How do you figure out your ideal amount of sleep per night?	What is the ideal amount of time to sleep?
Why can you post questions anonymously but you can't leave anonymous answers on Quora?	How do I answer a question anonymously in Quora?
Is Benadryl safe for consumption by dogs?	How does Benadryl affect dogs?
What are your favorite comic books?	What's your favorite comic book ever?
Where can I go to have sex for free?	How can I get casual sex for free?
What the difference between western culture and Chinese culture?	What is the difference between Chinese and western culture?
What are some mind blowing tools and gadgets that mos't people dont know?	What are some mind blowing tools and things that most people don't know?
Do you expect that Donald Trump will become the worst president in the history of the United States of America?	Do you think that Donald Trump would be the worst president the United States would ever have?
How did the explores communicate with native that spoke a different language?	How did explorers communicate with natives that spoke a different language?
What are some mind blowing new inventions?	What are some mind blowing inventions that most people dont know?
What are some ways to open a .DOC file?	How do you open .doc files on a computer?
How do I get into IISC after 12th?	How can I get admission in IISc after doing 12th?
How does love make you happy?	Why does being in love make one happy?
Do people have sex with animals?	Do people really have sex with animals?
What is it like to live in Finland?	What's it like to live in Finland?
In what ways can I grow taller?	What are the tips to grow taller?
What is the safest way to delete my Yahoo account?	What are some ways to delete my Yahoo Mail account permanently?
Why do my questions do not get many answers?	Why do my questions get so many views but little answers?
Where can I get good quality cupcakes and a lot of different flavor in Gold Coast?	Where can I found different cupcake flavors in Gold Coast?
Is Quora respecting freedom of speech?	Is Quora's "Be nice, be respectful" policy a threat to freedom of speech?
What is that one thing you wanted to do?	What is one thing you have always wanted to do but never got to do?
What jobs can I do with a math major?	Where can math majors go?
Why is there a brown discharge on the first menstrual period?	Is a brown discharge during your first period normal?
How can I stay motivated while learning a language?	How do you stay motivated while learning a language?
What are the places to visit for a honeymoon in Kerala?	What are the best places to visit in Kerala for 3 to 4 days?
What are the health risks of losing 20 pounds in a month?	What are some safe ways to lose 15-20 pounds in a month?
What are the best gifts that you have ever received?	What is the best gift that you ever recieved?
What do you think of Hillary Clinton becoming president?	Why should Americans elect Hillary Clinton as president?
How much credence do you give to the theory that Michelle Obama is a transgender?	Is Michelle Obama a transgender person?
What is a good mother like?	What makes a good mum?
How do people still think the Earth is flat even though it's proven wrong?	Why are there still people who think that the Earth is flat?
Is SRCC GBO worth joining or is it a course with only a name and not any structure?	Is the GBO course in SRCC good?
How can I lose weight effectively?	How do I lose 5 kg weight within 7 days?
What are some ways to sweat out a cold?	How do you sweat out a cold?
How many calories would you lose by walking for an hour?	How can you calculate the amount of calories burned by walking for two hours?
How do I last longer in sex?	Is there anything I could do to last longer in bed? (More than 3-5 minutes)?
What are some of the most haunted places in Kolkata?	Are there any haunted places In Kerala?
Do we all have spirit guides?	Does everyone have a spirit guide?
How do I find the purpose of a life?	How should I know my purpose of life?
How will the world be 100 years from now?	How will be the world after 100 years?
Which are the best stocks to buy in India?	What are the best stocks to buy in the Indian stock market now?
What is your favorite song and why?	Music: What is your favorite song right now?
Do you still believe in Santa?	Do you believe in Santa Claus?
How can I increase traffic to a story blog?	How do I increase organic traffic to website?
What is c programming language for today still work?	How is C programming language still used today?
How possible is it to get pregnant one day after my 3 day period?	Can you get pregnant a couple days before your period?
Why would you marry a non-virgin?	Will you marry non virgin girl?
How true is this quote about India said by Lord Macaulay to the British Parliament?	Did Lord Macaulay really proclaim in the British Parliament that the only way to rule India is to make the Indian culture seem inferior?
Is time travel possible? If yes how	Is time travel possible then after how long time?
What is the best outfit a guy would wear for working out in the summer like it's the year 1990?	What workout attire would guys wear in the summer like it's the year 1990?
Is it worth doing a master's in Germany?	Is it worth doing masters in germany?
Which one is the best Hentai pay porn site?	What is the best free anime porn site?
What are the best toys for children with autism?	What are some of the best toys for children with autism?
What are some ways you eliminate distractions while working?	How do you eliminate all the distractions while working?
Is 299 a good enough GRE score?	Is A score of 319 in GRE a good score?
What is the best way for a native Chinese speaker to learn English?	How can I learn English well as a Chinese speaker?
Is the statement made by Lord Macaulay about India in the 1835 parliament true?	Did Lord Macaulay really proclaim in the British Parliament that the only way to rule India is to make the Indian culture seem inferior?
What are the best books for power system?	What is the best book to refer to about power systems?
How do I manage time to study wisely?	How can I manage time for studies?
How do I recover/reset my AOL email password?	What can I do if I forgot my AOL email password?
When religious people say "everything happens for a reason" what do they mean by it?	What do we actually mean when we say "everything happens for a reason"?
How can we protect the environment?	Why should we all protect the environment? How can we protect it?
How do you get over feelings of extreme loneliness?	How could I over come loneliness?
Is it possible to get into the good IIMs having 55% marks in grad and a very high CAT score?	Is it possible to secure admission into the good IIMs having 55% marks in grad and a very high CAT score?
Will Hillary Clinton start a nuclear war with Russia?	Is there any indication that Hillary Clinton will start a major war?
How do I prepare for JEE Advanced?	What is the best way to prepare for JEE advance?
Who really is the richest man in the world?	Who is the richest man in the world (by money)?
What are some element examples that are solids at room temperature?	What are the elements that are solid at room temperature?
Why do I always feel sleepy?	Why does anyone feels so sleepy?
Who is best car?	What's a good car?
What is that one movie that you relate more to?	What movie can you relate to the most?
Which is the best coaching center for history optional in delhi?	Which is the best coaching institute for history optional in delhi?
What should I do to study economics?	What is the best way to learn economics?
Is Narendet Modi corrupt?	Is Modi never corruptible?
What is the one film that profoundly changed you/your life? Why? How?	Which film has changed your perception towards life?
What will the government do with the old currency notes?	What will government do with the old currency notes?
How can I apply online for issuance of PAN card in India?	How do I apply online for a PAN card free of cost?
What will happen if Hillary and Donald Trump dies before the election?	What would happen if the presidential nominee died before the November election?
What are benefits of green coffee?	What are the benefits of green coffee?
What is an associate degree?	What is associate degree?
What is one of the best short stories?	What are some good short stories?
How do I see who viewed my instagram videos?	Can one tell who viewed my Instagram videos?
How do I control on masturbation?	How can we get rid of masturbation?
What are the qualities of a good researcher?	What are the qualities of a good research student?
How do I know if a girl wanted a foot massage?	What is the best way to offer a pretty girl a foot massage?
What are the health effects of cuddling?	What are the health benefits of cuddling?
How Do I get traffic on website?	How do i get traffic for website?
What are the best ways to lose weight in your face?	How Can I lose more weight from my face?
What is the best comedy TV series?	Which are the best comedy TV Series to watch?
How are the responses by educated people of Pakistan on the Uri attack?	What’s Pakistan’s view on Uri attack?
Is it possible to cheer up a depressed person?	Is it possible to cheer up someone who is clinically depressed?
What are some of the weirdest things that made you happy?	What are the weirdest things that make you happy?
Why haven't more car companies used CVCC technology? Or have they?	Why haven't more car companies used CVCC technology?
What are the prerequisites to study artificial Intelligence?	What are prerequisites for learning Artificial Intelligence?
Why is Modi so fat?	Why is Modi fat?
Do all countries have national debts?	Are there any countries with no national debt?
When will Narendra Modi join Quora?	What would happen if Narendra Modi joins Quora?
Is S Health pedometer accurate for walking measurement? How many calories do I burn with 10000 steps?	How can I find out how many calories I burned a day with my S health and Gear S2?
What should I do open software company?	How can I open a software company?
Why Narendra Singh Dhoni Wasn’t Part of MS Dhoni– The Untold Story Biopic?	Why MS Dhoni's elder brother Narendra Singh Dhoni’s character is not associated in the biopic?
Why should teachers study customs and traditions?	Why does teachers study custom and traditions?
How could start with open source development?	How do I participate or contribute in open source projects?
What percentage of brain capacity do humans use?	How much of our brain do we use?
What was life like after being liberated/escaping a concentration camp?	What was life like for Jews after they were liberated from concentration camps?
What is a low cost book for learning python for absolute beginners?	Which is the best book for learning python for absolute beginners on their own?
Which are some of the conspiracy theories that later on proved to be true?	What are some of the famous conspiracy theories that came true?
How do I impress a girl who has no interest on me?	How can I impress a girl who is not interested in me?
How can I get into a vlsi start up companies?	What are the required courses in the field of VLSI that students must take to get jobs in professional companies?
What is your favorite thing to do and why?	What is your favorite thing to do?
What is Java programming used for?	What is java uses?
How do I post a question here?	How do I get a question posted?
DId something exist before the Big Bang?	What happened before the Big Bang?
Why does 500 and 1000 Rs notes banned by GOI and new notes of 500 and 2000 are issued?	Why Narendra Modi banned 500 and 1000 notes in India?
What are the scopes of mechanical engineering in India?	What is the scope of Mechanical engineering in mechanical India?
Could Donald Trump be a plant?	Did Hillary Clinton use Donald Trump as a way to have no relevant Political opponent?
What do you think about RBI's new move of banning 500 and 1000 notes?	What does Balaji Vishwanathan think about Modi's new currency Idea?
What was the craziest thing you have done?	What is the craziest thing you have ever done? And why did you do it?
What is the meaning of our life?	What is actual meaning of life?
What did Dhoni step down as ODI and T20 captain so quietly?	Why did MS Dhoni quit ODI and T20 captaincy but will still play?
What could be the reason behind Arnab Goswami quitting Times Now?	Why does Arnab Goswami left Times Now?
Why did the Indian government ban Rs. 500 and Rs. 1000 currency?	What led Indian government to remove 500 and 1000 rs notes from circulation? Will be able to remove black economy?
What would be Hillary clinton's policy on India?	What is Hillary Clinton's policy regarding India?
How do I make life easy?	How can I make life simple?
Why do people ask questions whose answer can be easily found on the internet?	Why do so many people ask questions on Quora that can be found in a Google search?
What is the best laptop within 60k available in India?	Which is the best laptop available in India in a budget of 60k?
How can I develop my curiosity? How can I increase my curiosity?	How do I develop curiosity?
How can I improve my story writing skills?	How can I improve my writing skills to become a better writer?
What are the benefits to solving Rubik's Cubes?	What are the benefits of solving a Rubik's cube?
What are some of the best websites to download movies?	Which best sites to download movies?
What should I do to get a six pack with a ripped and chiseled body?	How do I get a ripped body?
How do I save money while shopping?	What is the best way to save money while shopping?
Which are the 10 best films of 2016 & Why?	What are the top 10 Hindi films of 2016 ?
How do I handle my anger issues?	What do I do to have anger management?
What high schools feed the most students to Berkeley?	Which high schools feed the most students in Berkeley?
How do I quit Smoking forever?	How do I quit smoking cigarettes forever? Any easiest way?
Why was Cyrus Mistry removed as the Chairman of Tata Sons?	Why was cyrus mistry sacked?
What does sign language involve? How can you learn sign language?	How can I learn sign language?
What dream did you have today?	What is your dream today?
What is a good road bike for a beginner?	What is the best road bike for beginners?
What causes the soil fertility to diminish?	What are the causes of loss of soil fertility?
How I verify Facebook account with my new phone number?	How do I verify my Facebook account if it is sending the code to my old phone number?
What impact does demonetizing the 500 and 1000 rupee notes will have on rupee’s value against other currencies?	How will the rupee exchange rates against other currencies be effected because of the discarding of 500 and 1000 rupee notes in India?
How do you know if you are in love with your crush?	How do you know if you have fallen in love with someone and not just like them?
Give names of some of the best horror movies?	What are your top 10 favourite horror movies?
What are some different ways to make money fast?	What are fast ways to make money?
Why do girls like bad guys?	Why do girls like bad boys?
How much time will I have to spend to listen to English easily?	How much time will I have to spend to be able to listen to English easily?
Why does Net Neutrality Matters?	Why is net neutrality important?
Which is the most used programming language?	Which is the most used and most popular computer programming language in every field?
What is the best way to commit suicide in India?	What's the absolute easiest way to commit suicide?
What's the most awkward/embarrassing situation you've ever faced in your life?	What's the most awkward situation you have been in?
Which coding language is the best for beginners to start with?	What is the best code language for beginners?
Which is your favorite movie?	What your favourite movie?
What are the best possible ways to learn networking and Linux basics?	What is the best way to learn Linux networking concepts and practices?
What is the embarrassing of your life?	What's the most embarrassing moment of your life?
What makes a manual tester stronger?	What makes the manual tester stronger?
Who will win IPL2016?	Which team win IPL 9?
What does a brand ambassador do?	What is a brand ambassador?
How often can I donate blood?	How often one could donate blood?
What is the function of VPN in an iPhone?	What does VPN mean on iPhone?
Is there a difference between electron field and electromagnetic field?	What is the "electron field", as distinct from the electromagnetic field?
How did the Big Bang occur when there was (literally) nothing to cause it?	How was Big Bang created?
Did you know <*/\*>1800*-251-*4919*-*<*/\*> Belkin router Technical support Belkin customer phone number?	What is Belkin Router tech support's phone number?
How can I become more self-diciplined?	How do I become more self-disciplined and avoid procrastinating?
How do I become an entrepreneur?	How I become a good entrepreneur?
What's the best near-death experience you've ever had?	What is the most life changing near death experience you've ever had?
How do I remain proactive all the time?	How can I be proactive all the time?
What is the true meaning of being human?	What SHOULD it mean to be human?
What are some amazing facts about snakes?	What are some fascinating facts about snakes?
How can I dramatically improve my grades?	What can I do to get better grades?
How Can I find love in Quora?	How do I find love on Quora?
What does a sperm contains?	What does sperm contain?
What are the most followed topics on Quora in 2016?	What were the most followed topics on Quora in 2016?
What do non-Filipinos think of Rodrigo Duterte?	What do Americans and Non-Filipinos think of Rodrigo Duterte?
What was it like having a third child?	How does it feel to be a parent of a third child?
What will be the impact of the step taken to ban the 500 & 1000 rupee note on Indian economy?	How can the ban of 500 and 1000 rupee notes increase the Indian economy?
What are the things I need to learn as a computer engineer?	What is the first thing to learn if I want to be a computer engineer?
How will the India demonetization of 500 and 1000 rupees notes will reduce black money?	How will demonetization of 500 and 1000 rupee notes stop corruption?
What was the Cultural Revolution in China?	What was China's Cultural Revolution really about?
How can I submit picture here?	Can I submit a picture here?
What are some effective ways to stop global warming?	Can we stop global warming? Yeo/No? Why?
What is the best thing about your job?	What's the most interesting thing about your job?
Is America really the land of the free?	Is America still the land of the free and the home of the brave?
If the superfluid dark matter is what ripples when Galaxy clusters collide and what waves in a double slit experiment then does this relate GR and QM?	Is there evidence of dark matter SIMPs every time a double slit experiment is performed as they are what wave?
What are some mind blowing bike technology that most people dont know?	What are some mind-blowing bike inventions that exist that most people don't know about?
What is the best in the world of digital marketing?	What are the best unique ways to do Digital Marketing?
What's the best method to get meth out of your system?	How can I dilute meth out of my system?
How do I lose 15 kilograms in a period of 3 months?	How can I lose 12-15 pounds in 3 months?
Can your soul cause your body to explode?	Is it true that the soul can cause the body to combust?
How can one concentrate on work?	How can one concentrate on his work?
Why am I obsessed with my older boyfriend?	Why am I attracted to older men?
Is India failing to get Pakistan isolated internationally?	Has India failed to isolate Pakistan internationally?
How can I find auctions near me?	How can I find an auction to attend near me?
How can someone access the deep web?	How do I access deep web?
How should we study?	How do you usually study?
How do I stop my dog from whining after getting spayed?	How do I stop my dog from whining?
How long does it take for an ear piercing to close that i got 6 weeks ago?	How long does it take for an ear piercing to close?
What will be the effect of BREXIT on EU countries?	What effect will Brexit have on the EU?
How do you determine a face shape?	How do you determine your face shape?
What are the real numbers application?	What are real numbers application?
How did Stephen Hawking get paralyzed?	How did Stephen Hawking got paralyzed?
What are your views on Modi governments decision to demonetize 500 and 1000 rupee notes? How will this affect economy?	What is your reaction about the ban on Rs. 500 and Rs. 1000 notes? Won't it create a chaos and harm the economy?
How do I see who's viewed my Instagram profile?	Can instagram accounts see who visited their profile?
Should the education system in India change?	Should the Indian education system be changed?
What is a fact that everyone should know?	What fact do you think everyone should know?
How do VC firms get funded?	How do VC firms raise their funds?
How do I stop procrastinating and become more bold?	What can I do to become more bold and confident?
How much amount we can add in Paytm wallet?	How much amount can be added in PayTM Wallet?
What is the weirdest question you have come across on Quora?	Which is the weirdest question you have ever come across on Quora?
How many guerrillas are there in Myanmar?	How many terrorist groups are active in Myanmar?
How do you prove that circumference divided by diameter of a circle is a constant pi?	Why is the circumference of any circle divided by its diameter equal to pi?
How do I get a job at a bank?	How do you get a job in banking?
What is your review of Fantastic Beasts and Where To Find Them (2016 movie)?	What is your review of Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them (based on J. K. Rowling's book 'Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them') (2016 movie)?
How do I increase my discipline?	How do I increase my self discipline?
What's like to be an introvert AND a shy person?	What is it like to be a shy introvert?
How do I get my 15 year old son to stop lying and sneaking.?	How do I get my 15-year-old son to stop sneaking around?
Why do fusion reactions release more energy than fission?	Why do fusion nuclear bombs release much more destructive energy than a comparable fission device?
How can I join the U.S. Air Force reserve?	How can I join the United States´s Air Force reserve?
Where can I find a list with family offices in the UK?	Where can I find a list of family offices in the UK?
Do we really have freedom to speech?	Do we have freedom of speech?
What will Trump do if he is elected President and can't keep any of his promises? How do you suppose his current supporters would react?	How are Trump supporters reacting to the President-Elect already walking back some of his campaign promises?
How can you lose weight quickly?	How do I lose weight in a short time?
How do I control blood pressure?	How can I control my blood pressure?
How can I get a PhD quickly?	How can I get a PhD?
Do bad things happen to good people? Or do bad things create good people?	Why do bad things happen with good people?
How can you breathe on your own in a coma?	Can you breathe in a coma?
Why is an iPhone better than an Android phone?	What makes iPhone better than Android phones?
How do I treat a rash on my dog's chest?	How can I treat a rash on my dog's chest?
What is the best laptop under 30000 INR?	I want a new laptop with maximum configuration under 30000?
Would there be web hosting without net neutrality?	Would there still be web hosts without net neutrality?
What are the Prerequisites for learning Machine Learning?	What are some of the prerequisites needed for learning machine learning or AI?
What is exactly is a firewall?	What exactly is a firewall?
How did Donald Trump become president?	How did Donald Trump got elected when there are so many people against him?
Can skipping increase your height?	How can anyone increase height?
Will the implementation of GST lower the restaurant bills in India?	How is GST going to make restaurant bills costier?
How should I prepare for SBI PO 2017?	How do I prepare for SBI PO 2017?
What is best age to get married?	What is the best age to get married? Best age to have children?
How do I become a digital marketing expert?	How can one become an effective digital marketer?
Time Travel Is It Possible?	It is possible to travel by time?
How can I sharpen a sword?	How should I sharpen my sword?
What is the best tool for photo editing?	What is the best software for photo editing?
What is a gravity wave?	What is gravitation wave?
What are the characteristics of a good husband?	What are the most important characteristics in a husband?
What is considered to be vegan and is pita bread a vegan option?	Why is pita bread considered vegan?
Did Mahabharata really happen?	Did Mahabharata happen for real?
Can we still live without money?	How can I live without money?
What movies are best watched while eating pizza?	What movies would be good to watch while eating pizza?
What is radiation?	This may seem ignorant but what actually is radiation?
How should I start to prepare upsc from the begining?	How do I start preparing for UPSC exam?
What are basic things that everyone needs to know about finance?	What should one know about spending money?
Is it possible for mosquitoes to transmit AIDS?	What is the reason why mosquitoes can't transmit HIV/AIDS?
What exactly causes gravity?	What causes gravity? Do matter's properties have anything to do with gravity?
Do you think that the demonetization in India will be successful and all black money will be busted?	Do you think all the black money will be flushed away after the demonetization?
How do I stop being sexually needy to my girlfriend?	How do I stop being sexually needy?
What are some good hotels in varanasi near ghats?	What are some best hotels in Varanasi India?
How bad is it for US to be friendly with Russia?	Why is Trump being friendly with Russia a bad thing?
What is the best experience you have had with a police officer?	What has been the best experience you have ever had interacting with the police or any law enforcement officer?
What is the best way to broaden visions about the world?	How do I broaden visions about the world?
How does Morse code work?	What is Morse code?
What are the best escorts in Bangalore?	Which is best escort agency in Bangalore?
What can be affected for the scrapping Rs. 500 and Rs. 1000 currency notes?	Who is going to be most impacted by the decision by Indian govt of banning 500 and 1000 Rupee notes?
What are causes of extreme fatigue?	What are the causes of fatigue?
Do people who believe the earth is flat also believe all the other planets that have been discovered are also flat?	How do flat earth believers explain the spherical shape of other planets and moons?
How will scrapping the INR 500 and INR 1000 currency notes affect the daily lives of Indians?	How will changing currency notes of 500 INR and 1000 INR affect poor and illetarate people in India?
What are the things that make Indians happy and proud?	What are the things that make Indians Happy?
How do I find a percentage of two numbers?	How do you find the percent of two numbers?
How can I write an essay efficiently?	How can I write a essay?
Is college really worth all the stress?	Is a college degree worth it?
Are there good Individual IAS preparation classes in Pune?	Which are best classes for IAS in Pune India?
Why doesn’t anybody answer my questions on Quora?	Why don't people answer my question on Quora?
What does it mean when someone goes out of his way to make sure I'm alright?	If a guy a always goes out his way for me at work what does that mean?
How do I get rid of excessive weight?	How do I reduce my weight?
I've heard that Quora is filled with many left wing liberals. Is this true?	Is Quora full of left wing liberals that are using it to further their left wing agenda?
Is possible that what we understand as "God," or any version of "divine beings," could have simply been aliens who visited our planet thousands of years ago simply for fun or experimentation?	Is it possible that our God is nothing but the aliens who visited our planet before? What do you think?
Is curved spacetime the state of displacement of the strongly interacting dark matter?	Is curved spacetime the state of displacement of the strongly interacting dark matter which fills ‘empty’ space?
How can I be a good engineer?	How can I be good engineer?
How much salary does a software engineer gets per month in India?	How much are software engineers paid for working in India?
Why is Alliser Thorne still referred to as "Ser" if he's in the Night's Watch?	Why are Alliser Thorne and Janos Slynt referred to as "ser" when they renounced all titles to enter the Night's Watch?
How does the Manglik Dosha occur?	Why does Manglik Dosha occurs?
Will Clinton or Trump be the next president of the USA?	Who should be the next President of The United States?
How do I get my 13-year-old daughter interested in programming?	How can I interest my thirteen year old neighbour to get into programming?
What's the a good way for a 17 year old teen to make money without finding a job?	What is the safest/best way for 17 year old to make money without a job?
Which are the best book to learn programming for beginners?	Which is the best book to learn programming for beginners and why?
How do you get a motorcycle license in California?	How can I obtain a motorcycle license in California?
Why sugar is bad for body?	Why sugar is bad for health?
Is an AWS certification worth it?	Is the Amazon Web Services (AWS) certification worth it?
What prove the existence of the boundary between the crust and the mantle?	What proves the existence of the boundary between crust and the mantle?
Is golf a sport?	Why is golf considered a sport?
What is one thing that you saw your daughter doing that you wish you had never seen?	What is one thing you caught your child doing that you wish you had never seen?
What is the chemical formula for ammonium acetate?	What is the chemical Formula of ammonium acetate?
What are the best board games?	What are the top 10 board games?
Why has there never been a black pope? How do African people feel about this?	Why has there never been a black Pope?
How do I access my chat history log on Facebook?	How do I access chat history on Facebook?
Would Trump be dumb enough to bring up Bill's infidelity in next debate?	Would it be dangerous for Donald Trump to bring up Bill Clinton's infidelities in the next debate given his own personal history?
How will black money and corruption be stopped by banning 500 and 1000 notes?	Would banning notes of denominations 500 and 1000 help to curb the black money in system?
What are some key points of Indian Economic survey 2016?	What are the highlights of the Economic Survey 2015-16?
In what aspects is Hillary Clinton better than Trump?	How is Hillary Clinton a better choice than Donald Trump?
Where is my other gmail accounts?	How do I get a list of my gmail accounts?
What is the QuickBooks payroll tech support number in Washington?	What is Quickbooks tech support number in Arizona?
How can I overcome the fear of failure?	How do you conquer fear of failure?
How do I know that a guy likes you?	How can you tell a if guy likes you?
What does this symbol “J-)” mean?	What does “J-)” symbolize?
What are some crazy facts about cricket?	What are some facts about cricket?
What is the best chess strategy?	What are the best chess strategy?
When did you figure out that you want to be a graphic designer?	How did you figured out that you want to be a graphic designer?
What is the best way to choose colleges to apply to?	What should I look for when choosing which colleges to apply for?
What does 4 days late on my period mean?	Does a late period mean I'm pregnant?
At what age do boys' height stop increasing?	Until what age does a boy's height increase?
What is the quickest and less painful way to commit suicide?	What is the best way to commit suicide in India?
What is light made of?	What is light made up of?
What are some Urdu words that Hindi speakers use unknowingly?	What are some of the Urdu words used in Hindi also?
Which character do you think will die in Game of Thrones Season 7? Why?	Who wins who dies in season 7?
Who is the most overrated director in bollywood?	Who is the most overrated director in india?
Is Bernie Sanders more credible than Hillary Clinton?	Does Bernie Sanders seem more trustworthy than Hillary Clinton?
Which is the business that has created the most millionaires in the U.S.?	Which small business has created more millionaires than any other small business in the US?
Why shouldn't you eat food late at night before bed?	Why is it bad to eat food late at night?
What are the features related to railway ticketing available through the IRCTC App?	What are the features related to railway ticketing available through the IRCTC Mobile App?
How was life in Britain in 1912?	How was life in Britain back in 1912?
What types of controller are used in ship?	In ship control what types of controller are used?
Why was Sweden able to stay neutral?	Why did Sweden successfully stay neutral in World War 2?
Why do people buy iPhone in India?	Why do people buy the iPhone?
What is the list of legit wholesale suppliers of the Apple iPhone 6s worldwide who accept payments through WU?	What is the list of legit wholesale suppliers of the Apple iPhone 6 Plus worldwide who accept payments through WU?
What are symptoms of GERD?	What are the symptoms of GERD?
What are the top high schools of the world and what are their curricula?	What are the best high schools in the world?
How do you get paid for tweeting for others?	How do you get paid to tweet?
Why do I feel sleepy when I start studying? What can I do?	Why do I always feel sleepy when I'm doing school stuff?
Which is the best earphone under 1000?	Which is the best earphone under 1000 INR?
Why is editorial page of The Hindu so important for UPSC aspirants?	What does Hindu newspaper editorial gives a reader especially for UPSC aspirants?
Which is better hair gel or hair wax?	What is better: hair gel or hair wax?
What are the career scopes after doing a BSc in Maths?	Scope after bsc maths honours?
What are your best sources for competitive intelligence?	What are some sources of competitive intelligence?
What is the best Bollywood movie in this year 2016?	Which is the best Bollywood flim in this year 2016?
Why is Hillary Clinton worse than Donald Trump?	In what aspects is Hillary Clinton better than Trump?
How should I prepare for sbi po?	How do I prepare for an SBI PO post?
Hello is this <*/\*>1800*-251-*4919*-*<*/\*> Linksys router Technical support phone number?	1.8.0.0**2.5.1**4.9.1.9 ? (()) (( (Linksys Router Tech Support Phone Number?
What do you think India did wrong in Kashmir?	Where did India go wrong in governing Kashmir?
How can I escape from the rat race?	Is there any way out of rat race?
What is the full form of etc?	What is the full form of etc.?
When and how could India ever become a permanent member of the United Nations Security Council?	When and how will India get a permanent seat in UN security council?
How does one cram effectively?	How do I cram smarter?
How do you restore a Dell Inspiron B130 to the factory settings?	How do I restore my Dell computer to factory settings?
Do long distance relationships work?	What are the best ways to keep a long distance love relationship happy?
What can I use as a substitute for tin foil?	What can you use instead of tin foil?
Which is the best and cheapest virtual dedicated server provider?	How do I select cheapest dedicated server?
Could a person pay a Russian hacker to take Quora off the net?	Could a person pay a foreign hacker to take Quora off the net?
How different would the world be if there were no Great Britain?	How would the world have been without Great Britain?
How do I stay motivated?	How do I stay motivated daily?
How can I develop good writing skills?	What are the best ways to improve writing skills?
Where can I found wide variety of ceramic tiles in Sydney?	Where can I get various range of stylish ceramic floor tiles in Sydney?
How do kites (not the bird) fly?	How does a kite fly?
Which are the best universities in the UK for a BS in Computer Science?	What university would you recommend in the UK for Computer Science?
How much are two dollar bills worth?	What is a two dollar bill from 1995 worth?
Could the USA actually benefit from a dictator?	Does the USA need a dictator?
What are the embarrassing moment of your life?	What is most embarrassing moment of your life?
Why do some people think Hillary Clinton is a serial liar?	Is Hillary Clinton a habitual liar?
What are the repercussions of 500 and 1000 rupee notes not being legal tender anymore?	What will be the repercussions of banning Rs 500 and Rs 1000 notes on Indian economy?
How can I increase traffic on my blog?	How do I  increase traffic on my site?
Which are the best and affordable resorts in Goa?	Which are the best resorts in Goa?
3. Who decides who will manage the company and how?	Who decides who will manage the company and how?
How do I prevent myself from sleeping during lectures?	How can I avoid sleepiness during lectures?
How should I loose weight?	What are the ways of losing weight?
What are the best products to export to USA from India?	Which will be the best product to export from India to USA?
What were the blunders made by Axis Powers in World War II?	What were blunders made by Axis Powers in World War II?
Which is the best laptop under INR 60k?	Which is the best laptop below rs60000?
Who would win in a fight: Black Panther or Batman?	Who would win in a fight between Black Panther and Batman?
Can I ever get over my first love?	How do I get over my first and the only love?
How I can increase subscribers on my YouTube Channel ?	How do I increase my YouTube subscribers?
When will Spotify launch it's services in INDIA?	Why is Spotify not available in India?
Which is the best smartphone for up to 20000?	Which is the best smartphone under inr 20000 at present?
What does " the Hadamard Perron theorem" means?	What does "the Hadamard Perron theorem" mean?
Why did the Indian government demonetize the current 500 and 1000 rupee notes and replace them with new notes?	Why did Modi ban 500 and 1000 rupees notes and not 100 rupee notes?
What are the amazing facts about New Zealand?	What are some awesome facts about New Zealand?
How should you start learning programming?	How do I start learning programming from beginner to expert?
Can a child be sentenced to death in a prison in the UK?	Can a child in the UK be sentenced to death in prison?
Where should I learn maths for competitive programming?	Can you suggest me sources that will cover all mathematical topics for competitive programming?
Does the entire brain pick up on any changes in neural activity by means of reading any change to the EM field caused by a localized activity?	Is it that the whole brain pick up on any changes in neural activity by means of reading any changes to the EM field caused by a localized activity?
How do you partition a hard drive in Windows 10?	How do you create or erase a partition in a hard drive?
What is mission(s)? What is the biblical basis for missions?	What is Christian Mission(s)? What is the Biblical basis for Christian missions?
How did you learn to speak English?	How will I improve my spoken English?
What is the best water purifier available in India?	Which water purifier is best to buy?
What is the best scene in Star Wars?	What is your favourite scene in a Star Wars film?
What are your views on the govt's decision of banning NDTV India?	What are your views on the government’s decision of banning NDTV India for a day?
How should I improve my english communication skills?	How do I improve my overall native English language?
What are the character traits of a Hufflepuff?	What are the traits of a Hufflepuff?
Is abortion a morality issue?	How is abortion wrong?
Why can’t India be a communist country like China?	Would India ever be a communist nation like China?
How can we control bad feelings?	How can I control my emotion and fears?
What is the best way to overcome negative and depressing thoughts?	How can I overcome negative and depressive thoughts and how can I be positive in life?
How would the world be different if the Roman Empire never fell?	Roman Empire: What would the world be like today if Rome had never fallen?
What kind of food did the Choctaw Indian's eat?	What kind of food did the Choctaw Indians eat?
Should student take part in politics?	Should students take part in politics or not?
What is the Twitter account manager software?	Which is the best Twitter account management software?
What are the bitter truths of going to Germany/Norway for MS as an Indian?	What are the bitter truths of going to Germany for MS as an Indian?
What are the safety precautions on handling shotguns proposed by the NRA in Washington?	What are the safety precautions on handling shotguns proposed by the NRA in Hawaii?
Can you see who who viewed your videos on Instagram?	Is there a way to see who viewed my Instagram page?
How can we optimize the website which has pages in millions?	Can we optimize a website which has pages in millions?
Is MacBook Pro 2016 worth it?	What are your thoughts on the new 2016 MacBook Pro?
Why is Google Chrome so slow? How do I fix it?	Why is Google Chrome so slow? How can I fix it?
Why do some people ask questions on Quora that could easily be answered by using a search engine?	Why do people ask basic questions instead of searching them?
Why does everyone hate Chetan Bhagat?	Why everyone hates Chetan Bhagat and his novels?
How did you get saved?	What must I do to be saved?
Is there any business without investment?	What are the business I can do without investment?
What can be the reasons for discontinuation of 500 and 1000 rupee notes? What can be the future effects of it?	Who is going to be most impacted by the decision by Indian govt of banning 500 and 1000 Rupee notes?
How can I earn money by writing a blog?	How do I make money from blog?
Which is best IIT in India?	Which IIT is the best?
How do I see who viewed my instagram videos?	How can I see who viewed my Instagram videos?
Which are some of the best hotels to stay in Helsinki?	What are some of the best hotels to stay in Helsinki?
What was your first mobile/cell phone?	Which kind of phone was your first cell phone?
Is Hillary Clinton a war hawk?	Are Liberals not concerned that Hillary Clinton has a reputation for being pro war?
Do you feel people on Quora get easily offended?	Why do some people on Quora get offended so easily on some questions (or some answers)?
How do I get over your crush?	How did you get over your crush?
Which is the best website development agency in India ?	Which is the best website development agency in India?
Is Quora's engine biased against Donald Trump?	Why is Quora against Donald Trump?
Will the spot round be held in JoSAA 2016?	If the spot round is not held by JoSAA 2016 and there are some vacant seats available in some institutes can I request the institute to admit me?
Why are you voting for Gary Johnson in 2016?	Why should I vote Gary Johnson in 2016?
Why is the Pope always a man?	Why has the Pope always been a male?
What is the mean by net neutrality?	What is net neutrality?
How can I stay fit with out going gym?	How can I stay fit without going to a gym?
Don't you think Modi will repeal decision to ban 500 and 1000 notes as it will cause high inconvenience?	Why Narendra Modi banned 500 and 1000 notes in India?
How can I transfer money from one bank to another?	How can I transfer money from my bank to another?
How can I download youtube playlists?	What is the best way to download an entire playlist from YouTube on Windows?
What is basic structure of constitution?	What's the basic structure theory evolved by the Supreme Court vis-a-vis amendments to the Constitution?
Can JARVIS come to real life as we have seen in Iron Man?	Will it be possible to have a real life J.A.R.V.I.S. like that we have seen in Iron Man movies?
What is the difference between petroleum engineering and petrochemical engineering?	What is the difference between petrochemical & petroleum engineering?
How too fall out of love?	Can we fall out of love?
Why do some people ask questions on Quora that could easily be answered by using a search engine?	Why do so may people ask questions on Quora that can easily be found by a simple Google searh?
What is the future of city design?	What do you think a future city is?
How did the concept of God start?	How did the concept of God started?
How do I make use of Quora to promote my blog?	How do I to use Quora to promote a blog?
Which political party would the founding fathers most likely support today?	Which political party is most closely aligned with the Classical Liberalism of the founding fathers?
How could I improve my English pronunciation?	How can I improve my English in a very short time?
What are the advantages and disadvantages of jailbreaking Apple devices?	What are the advantages and disadvantages of jailbreaking a phone?
What is your New Year’s Resolution(s) for 2017?	What is your resolution for 2017?
Will we still have the internet without net neutrality?	Would there even be anything to do on the internet without net neutrality?
What is your New Year Resolution?	What are your New Year’s resolutions?
Which question should I ask on Quora?	Why should I ask Quora?
Is this PC good for gaming?	Is this a good gaming PC?
How do I make friends with people on Quora?	How can I make friends on Quora?
What is the best film of 2016?	What has been the best movie of 2016?
What's the best way to travel the world?	How do I travel around the world?
Which is best institute for IELTS in Delhi?	Which are the best IELTS coaching institutes in Delhi?
What steps can I take to improve my writing skills?	What are the best ways to improve writing skills?
What is the QuickBooks payroll tech support number in Washington?	What is the best QuickBooks support number in Arkansas?
Why does hair turn white?	Why do people turn gray?
Is astrology true? Should we believe it or not?	Should you believe in astrology and astrologers (pandits)?
How do Imake huge profits in Nifty?	How do I predict nifty?
How can I connect my YouTube channel to Adsense?	How do I connect my YouTube channel with Adsense?
Is it possible that a planet is entirely made of liquid?	Is a planet entirely made of only liquid possible?
How does banning 500 and 1000 rupee notes help to control black money?	How will the scrapping of Rs 500 and Rs 1000 notes help in reducing black money and corruption?
What is the best twist in an Indian movie?	What are the best plot twists in the Indian cinema?
How do i get started on machine learning?	How should I get started with Machine Learning?
Is the superfluid dark matter proposed by Justin Khoury what ripples when Galaxy clusters collide and what waves in a double slit experiment?	Does dark matter ripple when galaxy clusters collide and wave in a double slit experiment?
How do I extract frames from video YUV in python?	How can I extract frames from videos YUV in python?
How big is a photon?	What is the size of a photon?
What is it like to have attempted suicide?	What is it like to attempt suicide?
How can I hack my friend's Facebook account?	How can someone hack a Facebook account?
What are advantages of drinking warm water with lemon and honey in the morning?	What are the benefits and side effects of drinking warm water with honey and lemon every morning?
How much can petroleum engineering make?	How much do petroleum engineers make?
Does Accenture take candidates with its offer letter delivered onboard if they have arrears in the final semester?	Can anyone who got placed in Accenture have history of arrears and cleared them during final semester? Will that be a problem?
Is political correctness ruining America?	Will political correctness kill America?
Why do children choose parents teach swim?	How do you teach your kid to swim?
What are the different types of phobias?	What are the different types of phobia?
Why is the USA better than the UK?	Why is UK better than USA?
What are the best websites to practice Java coding?	What are some good websites for Java practice programs?
My question was marked as needing improvement! What does it mean? How do you mark other questions for improvement?	Do people see questions that are marked as needing improvement?
Which is the best website to download hindi songs?	Which is the best website to download high quality Hindi songs?
What is the best way to increase efficiency when studying?	How does one increase efficiency when studying?
How do you calculate a P value in Excel?	How do you calculate a P value on Excel?
How do I get government job?	What should I do get a government job?
What is your main criticism of Quora?	Why do you dislike Quora?
How do you answer an question on Quora in Anonymous?	I am new to Quora. How can I answer a question anonymously?
Can we expect time travel to become a reality?	Is time travel already possible on Earth?
How do I better understand the stock market?	How can I understand the STOCK market from the basic level?
Why there are no pictorial evidences of surgical strikes by Indian Army released so far?	Why is the Indian government not releasing proofs of the surgical strikes in PoK?
What are best books for SSC CGL?	Which book is best for SSC CGL?
What do Israelis think about Pakistan?	What does Israel think of Pakistan?
Daniel Ek: When an we expect Spotify in India?	Daniel Ek: When will spotify be available in India?
Do keywords and meta tags still important and matters in SEO?	How keyword ranking is Important in SEO?
How can you lose weight quickly?	How do I lose weight fast?
What the purpose of life on earth?	What is the GRAND purpose of life?
What could happen if Trump builds the wall?	How will Donald Trump build the wall?
What are the most prominent theories of what caused the Big Bang?	What force caused the Big Bang?
What is the most stressful part of home decorating and why?	What is the most stressful part of home decorating?
How likely is World War III in the future?	How close is a World War III?
What is the bravest thing you have ever done?	What is the bravest thing you ever did?
What are the best YouTube channels to learn Japanese?	What are the good channels available in YouTube for learning Japanese?
How do I handle my anger issues?	How do I control my anger and have patience?
What are the various ways you use to make others feel important? How does it benefit that person?	How can I make anyone feel important?
What is the best time to work out? Why?	What is the best time to exercise?
Does Lipton green tea Assist in weight loss?	Is green tea a fat burner? Does it help with weight loss? how much should I drink? which time to drink ?
What should I do to improve my English ?	What can I do to improve my English speaking?
What are the biggest countries in South America?	Which is the biggest State in South America?
How bad does it hurt to get nipples pierced?	Does it hurt to get your nipples pierced?
Is sex important in a relationship?	Is sex is required in relationship?
AAP in Delhi it is a step towards corruption free India?	AAP in Delhi. Is it a step towards a corruption free India?
Which countries would benefit from the effects of global warming?	What countries will benefit the most from global warming?
Why are special effects used in films?	What are special effects in films?
What is the funniest joke you ever heard?	What is the best hilarious joke you have ever heard?
Who would win an all-out war between India and Pakistan?	If war happens between India and Pakistan who will win?
Does life always get better?	Will life get better?
What is the best way to make a living online?	How can we make a living online?
How should I prepare for UPSC exams?	How do i prepare for UPSC exams?
How do you edit your Quora profile?	How do I edit my Quora profile?
Is there a chance that Donald Trump turns out to be a very good president?	Is Donald Trump a good choice for being the President of The US?
What is Singapore's well kept secret?	What are some of Singapore's best kept secrets?
How do I improve my pronunciation of English?	How can I improve my communication skills in English?
What are the best ways to improve my English because I'm not good in English?	How can I specifically improve my English?
Which coaching is the best for JEE prep in India?	Which is the best coaching institute for IIT-JEE in India?
What Factors decide Google place Ranking?	What are the latest 200 factors of Google ranking algorithm?
How can I become a good software developer?	What is to be done to be a good software developer?
What is the worst thing ever to happen to you?	What’s the worst thing that has happened to you?
Where can I get very cost-effective envelope printing service in Sydney?	Where can I get variety of envelope printing services in Sydney?
Where is the best Blue Star air conditioner service center in Hyderabad?	Where is located the best Blue Star Air conditioner Service Center in Hyderabad?
Who named our planet as earth?	Who nomenclated Earth?
Why is nuclear energy considered renewable?	Is nuclear energy considred renewable or not?
What show should I watch on Netflix?	What are some must-watch movies on Netflix?
What exactly is enterprise mobility?	What are enterprise mobility solutions?
What is your view/opinion about Uri terror attack?	What do you think about the Uri attack as an Indian?
What are project topics for chemical engineering?	What are project topics for chemical engineer?
What is the possibility of war between India and Pakistan after surgical operation?	Do you think War might take place between India and Pakistan in view of these surgical strikes?
How did travelling change you as a person?	How does travel change a person?
What are the ways to earn money while studying?	How can you make money while you are a college student?
What are the worst things about prisons?	What's the worst thing about prison?
What is the easiest way to make money?	How you make money?
Has any astronaut ever had sex in space?	Have astronauts ever had sex in space?
Which is best network simulator tool?	Which is the best network simulator tool?
What should be taught to kids?	What should be taught to children?
Why Islam is the best religion?	What makes Islam the best of all religions?
How do I learn a new programming language?	What are best resources to learn programming for a beginner?
How do know when you're in love?	How do know that you are in love?
How often do woman masturbate?	How often do girls masturbate? What do they think of?
Why do I feel insecure?	Why do I feel insecure always?
Will Hillary Clinton create war?	Is a vote for Hillary Clinton a vote for war?
Should I drop a year after engineering for GATE preparation or join Infosys as a fresher?	Should i join TCS or drop a year and prepare for CAT?
What are the safety precautions on handling shotguns proposed by the NRA in Georgia?	What are the safety precautions on handling shotguns proposed by the NRA in California?
Is long distance relationship works?	What does it take for a successful long distance relationship?
How much protein does a man need every day?	How much protein should a person eat per day?
How can I make 20 dollars an hour online?	How can I make 20$ an hour online?
Why did the Indian government demonetize the current 500 and 1000 rupee notes and replace them with new notes?	Banning 500 and 1000 rupee notes is appreciated but why is the government bringing 500 and 2000 rupees again into the market?
How do I stay motivated?	How do you stay motivated on a daily/weekly/monthly basis?
What are the economic implications of banning 500 and 1000 rupee notes?	What is the use of banning 500 and 1000 rupee notes and introducing new 500 and 2000 rupee notes?
What is it like being openly gay in a country like India?	What's it like to be gay in India?
How do I stop being a pushover in the workplace?	How do I stop being such a pushover?
What do all Indians commonly doing wrong?	What is that one thing Indians are doing completely wrong?
Why do I get easily bored with everything?	Why do I get bored so quickly?
What are some basic rules of life?	What are the basic rules of life?
Statistical significance level is used in medical research?	What statistical significance level is used in medical research?
Who is or was the best Prime Minister of India and why?	Who is the best prime minister India has ever had?
How relevant is Sun Tzu's "The Art of War" to Modern Warfare?	How are Sun Tzu's philosophies still relevant in modern warfare? How are they irrelevant?
What are the safety precautions on handling shotguns proposed by the NRA in Illinois?	What are the safety precautions on handling shotguns proposed by the NRA in Vermont?
Why was Cyrus Mistry removed as the Chairman of Tata Sons?	What are the prospect reasons of Cyrus Mistry being fired by TATA sons?
How should I react if someone praises me?	How should I react when someone praises me?
What is the best thing you have ever eaten?	What is the best food you have eaten?
What are the simple life hacks?	What are some simple life hacks that everyone should follow?
Why does 500 and 1000 Rs notes banned by GOI and new notes of 500 and 2000 are issued?	What are the best benefits to government after 500 and 1000 rs note ban?
What banks do open accounts online?	Is there a bank that open accounts online?
What is the best way to study NCERT books for the UPSC?	How do I study NCERT with book preparations for the UPSC?
Is it a bad time to buy a condo or a house in the Bay Area in 2017?	Would 2017 be a good time to buy a house in Bay Area?
Where is Julian Assange now?	Where is Julian Assange right now?
What are the benefits of reading novels?	What are the best five benefits of reading novels?
Is it advisable to prepare for NEET along with doing my first year MBBS in Russia?	Is it advisable to prepare for NEET exam along with doing first year of MBBS in Russia?
How surprised are you that Trump won?	Are you surprised that trump won?
How are astrologers able to predict the future?	How do astrologers predict something just by observing the position of celestial bodies?
Why are statistics calculated from raw data more accurate than statistic calculated from a frequency table?	Why is statistics calculated from raw data more accurate than statistic calculated from a frequency table?
Were you spanked as a child?	Were you ever spanked on your underpants or bare bottom as a kid?
What are the most dangerous drugs and why?	What is the most dangerous drug?
What is the meaning of a tangent segment?	What does tangent segment mean?
How do I handle an abusive teacher?	How do I deal with abusive teachers?
How can we hack fb?	How can someone hack a Facebook account?
What is the best way to learn a foreign language? (Assuming that you are already in that foreign country and that country doesn't speak or understand even a single English word.)	What is the best way to learn any new foreign language?
How do I increase my patience level in life?	How do I increase my patience level?
What kinds of activities do old people like to do these days?	What do old people do?
Will Donald Trump beat Hillary and become our next president?	Do you think Donald Trump or Hillary Clinton will be the next president of the US?
What is the best way to grow beards and mustaches?	How do I grow beards and mustaches quickly?
How old would Jesus be today?	How old is Jesus Christ?
What's the best way to get followers on insta?	How do I get 5k followers on Instagram?
What is the difference between applications (apps) and softwares?	What is the difference between an app and a software?
How do I earn money by you tube?	How can I earn money by you tube?
What is the easiest and painless way to commit suicide?	What is best way to commit suicide painlessly?
What's it like to be a firefighter?	What's it like to be in a firefight?
How does Niantic select locations for Pokémon GO?	How are the Pokemon locations chosen and created in Pokemon GO?
What do you think of the decision by the Indian Government to demonetize 500 and 1000 rupee notes?	What are the best benefits to government after 500 and 1000 rs note ban?
How can I learn math?	How do I learn math online?
What is your favorite blog to read?	What are some of your favorite blogs and why?
What are some resources for learning advanced Java web programming?	What technologies should I learn for Java Web Development?
Can I take fat burner once a day?	Is it advisable to take fat burners?
What is exam pattern of MH CET MBA?	What is the exam pattern of MH CET MBA?
What is the best accounting software in Malaysia?	Which is the best accounting software in Malaysia?
How mutually intelligible are Old Norse and Icelandic?	How similar are Old Norse and Icelandic?
How do I get pictures back from a factory reset?	How can I get my photos back after resetting my phone to factory reset?
Is IMDB Pro worth it?	Is IMDB Pro worth the cost?
Why is it New Year on the first of January?	Why new year is celebrated on 1st January?
What are the mind blowing facts about lord Sri krishna?	What are some of the mind blowing facts about Lord Krishna?
How can I meet Narendra Modi to discuss my ideas and views in person?	How to meet Prime Minister Narendra Modi?
What are the best trading softwares?	What is the best trading software?
What shoul I do if I want to forget someone?	How do you forget about someone?
What is the origin of gravitational force?	What is the reason behind Gravitational Force?
Which is the best institute in noida that can help me in learning software programming?	Which is the best institute in noida for learning programming language?
How will i know this the right guy for me?	How can I find the right guy? How do I know he's the right guy?
Will Trump really build that wall and make Mexico pay for it?	Can Trump actually force Mexico to pay for the wall?
Why do earthquakes happen?	Why do earthquakes come?
How do I get business ideas?	How can I think of a business idea?
What have you learned in 2016?	What are your life lessons from 2016?
How is microeconomics similar to macroeconomics?	What are the similarities between Microeconomics and Macroeconomics?
What is the significant difference between a supercharger and a turbocharger?	What is the difference between supercharging and turbocharging?
What are the best sites to download movies from?	Which are best sites to download movies?
What is it like going from poor to rich in a short time?	What does it feel like to go from poor to rich?
Why does the grass always seem greener on the other side?	Is grass really always greener on the other side?
Why is the Quora community so anti-Donald Trump?	Is Quora biased against Donald Trump?
What makes successful people different from average people?	What are habits of successful people?
Which is the best book to start learning programming?	What's the best book for learning to program?
What is the interview process for the bank of America in India?	What is the recruitment process of the Bank of America?
What causes rise in sea level?	What causes the rise and fall in sea level?
What are some conversations that can happen only in India?	What kind of conversations only happen in India?
Can colourblind people dream in colour?	Do colourblind people dream in the way they see colours?
What will happen to Hillary Clinton after the 2016 election?	What will Hillary Clinton do after the election?
What’s the best computer?	What is the best computer?
How do you search for questions from several "question topics"?	How can we search questions using multiple topics on Quora?
Why do companies merge with or acquire other companies?	Why are the huge companies buying other companies?
What are some of the best places to visit in pune?	Which are the best places to be visited in pune?
What is one interesting thing about you that most people who know you do not know?	What's one thing that almost no one knows about you?
Where I can find cheap but branded cloths in Bangalore?	Where can I find cheap branded cloths in Bangalore?
What do you do to get better at basketball?	What can I do to get better at basketball?
Which is the best laptop under Rs 25000?	Which is the best laptop model within 25000 rupees?
Why do god(s) exist instead of not existing?	Why do gods exist instead of not existing?
What are the best online courses available for digital business and marketing management?	What are the best online courses for digital marketing?
Where is Indravati National Park in Chhattisgarh?	Where Indravati National park is located in Chhattisgarh?
What is the easiest way to quit meth?	What is the BEst way to quit meth?
How does a recurring deposit work in India?	How do recurring deposits works in India?
How do we live a happy life?	How can a person live a successful happy life only on their investments?
Why do the Jews reject Jesus as the Jewish Messiah & Prophet but both the Christians and the Muslims accept Jesus as the Jewish Messiah & Prophet?	Why did the Jews reject Jesus as their Messiah and Muhammad as their prophet?
How can you earn a living on Quora?	Can we earn money through Quora?
How much has Philippine paid for the Private Temporary Arbitration in Hague? Why is it opague? What is Philippine hiding?	How much did Philippine pay for the Private Temporary Arbitration? What is Philippine hiding?
What's the decision that changed your whole life?	What is the incident that changed your life?
What are the differences between Mandarin and Cantonese? What are their similarities? How big is the difference between Mandarin and Cantonese?	How would you explain the differences between Cantonese and Mandarin to someone who speaks neither?
Have you ever seen or experienced a ghost in "India"?	Has anyone ever seen real ghosts/scientifically unexplainable things?
According to you who are some of the best writers on Quora?	Who are the best people to be followed on Quora?
Is there another way too help with sleep apnea without using a cpap machine?	How do I alleviate sleep apnea tonight without using a CPAP mask?
Can I make 400 million a year as a personal trainer?	Can I make 400 million a year as personal trainer or life coach?
How Indian economy got affected after ban of 500 1000 notes?	How will India be affected now that 500 and 1000 rupee notes have been banned?
How can I get a girl's trust?	How do I build a girl's trust?
What do you think of the move of banning 500 and 1000 rupee notes in India (Nov 2016)?	What are your views on banning 500 and 1000 rupee notes? How does it affect black money and is it really gonna work and expose all the black money?
Is South Korea a developed or developing nation?	Is South Korea developed?
Why don't Jimmy Wales answer my questions?	Why does Jimmy Wales not respond to my questions?
What software is good for writing or drawing things with a mouse or crappy drawing tablet?	What is the best drawing software for tablets?
Should I buy a new bike or a used one?	Should I buy a new bike or second hand bike?
How can I forget someone whom I loved so deeply?	Is there a way to forget the one you loved the most?
What are some good daycares in Bangalore?	What are some best daycares in Bangalore?
Who is the best and most inspirational politician in India?	Who is the best politician India has ever seen?
What is capital and revenue expenditure?	What's the difference between capital expenditure and revenue expenditure?
How do I lose 30 pounds?	How should I lose weight?
Why do so many people want to be special?	Why do people want to be special?
How often should bed sheets be washed?	How often should you change your bed sheets?
Which phone do you use?	What phone do you use right now?
Who will win the 2016 presidential election?	Who will win the US election?
Why do dogs bark at night in India?	Why do dogs bark at night?
What should I do if my dog is throwing up yellow/white liquid/foam?	How do I stop my dog from throwing up white foam?
What is your favorite Christmas market in Western Europe?	Which is the best Christmas market across Europe and why?
How can I make money out of drawings?	My skill is drawing. How Can I make money out of it?
Why don't satellites crash into each other?	Why don't artificial satellites collide with each other?
How can I sharpen my data interpretation skill?	How do I improve my data interpretation skills?
Why are all my questions immediately being marked as needing improvement?	Quora: How to ask question on Quora so that it wont get marked as needing improvement?
How can I get back my hacked Instagram account?	How do I recover hacked Instagram account?
How can I get rid of a painful lump near my tailbone?	How can I get rid of a painful lump on my tailbone?
How does physical stress like doing exercise or hard labor activities relieve mental stress?	How does exercise relieve stress?
How can one improve mathematics?	What should I do to improve my mathematics?
Why does Infosys hires mechanical engineers?	Why is Infosys hiring mechanical engineers?
Is it possible that one day we will discover a new color?	Is it possible to invent a new color?
What are the major purpose of Chhattisgarh Vidhan Sabha?	What are the functions of Chhattisgarh Vidhan Sabha?
What is median voter theorem?	What is the median voter theorem?
How important should sex be in a relationship?	Is sex is required in relationship?
What are some of the biggest flaws of Quora?	What is Quora's biggest flaw?
How do I earn money through a blog?	How do you make money writing a blog?
How can I lose 4kg weight?	What should you do if you want to lose a lot of weight?
How can someone sell their paintings?	How can I sell my paintings?
What is a frozen shoulder?	How do I treat a frozen shoulder?
Which is the best place to do sex?	What is the best place to have sex from?
How can changing 500 and 1000 rupee notes end the black money in India?	Replacing 500 and 1000 notes- how will this move reduce black money?
Why is Pakistan violating its ceasefire with India?	Why is Pakistan violate ceasefire with India?
Which country has never been colonized by any power?	Is there a country that has never been conquered?
What is best app for making video for YouTube channel?	Which is the best mobile app to make YouTube videos?
What maths would I need to learn to create a game engine?	What kind of math do you need to make a basic game engine?
What do American girls think about Indian guys?	What do American girls think about Indian boys?
How do I spend time wisely?	What are some of the best ways to spend our time wisely?
What fields can I enter after completing a B.Tech in mechanical engineering?	Which course after b.tech in mechanical engineering suits best?
What is the poorest country in Asia? Why is it so poor?	Which is the poorest country in Asia?
What are the meanings behind the Naruto headband symbols?	Why did headbands in Naruto have symbols?
What is the best life changing decision you made?	What has been the best decision you've made in your life?
Physics: Is area a scalar or vector quantity?	Is area a vector or not?
What is it like to dial 100 in India?	India: What is it like to dial 100 in India? Is it as responsive as dialling 911 in USA?
How risky is laser hair removal?	Is laser hair removal harmful for skin?
Why is Saltwater taffy candy imported in Japan?	Why is Saltwater taffy candy imported in the Philippines?
How do you lose belly fat?	What are some workout plans to lose belly fat?
Is it possible to get pregnant if a couple is trying just 4 days before her menstrual cycle?	Is it possible to get pregnant before your regular period?
Will elephants go extinct in China if the CCP collapses?	What will happen to elephants if the CCP collapses?
What is the meaning of our life?	What is the meaning or purpose of life?
What I need to start reading in philosophy?	How can I start reading in philosophy?
Is curved spacetime the state of displacement of the strongly interacting dark matter which fills ‘empty’ space?	Are galaxy filaments the state of displacement of the strongly interacting dark matter which fills 'empty' space?
How does someone become a top writer in Quora (criteria)?	What should I do to become a Top Writer on Quora in 2017?
Why do you feel like throwing up when you get too much alcohol?	Scientifically why most of us throw up when we drink so much alcohol?
Which are the best open world games for PC?	What are the best open world games for PC?
When will Google Street View updated?	When will Google Street View be updated?
How do I let go of regrets?	How do I let go of regrets from the past and becoming older?
Which is a best book for partial differential equation?	Which is a best book for partial differential equations?
How can I cancel Costco membership?	Is it possible for Costco to cancel the membership?
What is the best way to learn hacking in short time?	How should I learn hacking by myself?
How should India respond to Pakistan on recent URI attack?	How should India respond to Uri attacks?
Should I marry a non virgin girl?	Should I marry a non-virgin girl?
What does it mean when it says my answer has been collapsed?	Why my answer was collapsed?
Why does Indian education suck so much?	What are the flaws in Indian Education system?
How do you learn to live a simple life?	How can I live a simple and satisfied life?
Which can be the best laptop under 30000?	Which is the best laptop to buy under 30k?
Does Donald Trump have any potential to be a good president?	Would Donald Trump be a good president?
Can I get a developer to work for free?	Where can I get android app developers for free?
What is your greatest fear and why?	What is your greatest fear?
What is the fastest way to get a PAN card?	How can I get an urgent PAN card no?
How can I strengthen my hair?	How do you strengthen your hair?
How will Narendra Modi's recent ban on Rs 500 and Rs 1000 notes will affect the share market?	What will be the affect of banning Rs. 500 & 1000 notes on share market tomorrow?
What are some ways to find out how much I owe the IRS?	How can I find out how much I owe the IRS?
Why should I join Indian Navy?	Why should anyone join the Indian Navy?
What is the meaning of train number?	Indian Railways: What facts about a train can be deduced from a train number?
How can i recover facebook password?	How can I retrieve my Facebook password?
What are some of the best accredited online colleges?	What are the best accredited online colleges?
Should I start reading Malazan Book of the fallen?	What is your review of Malazan Book of The Fallen?
Is a song of ice and fire reference to Jon and deanerys or just Jon?	Is 'A Song of Ice and Fire' a reference to Jon Snow and Daenerys Targeryen?
Are you single or not?	Are you single? Why or why not?
How did the Renaissance change Europe?	How did the Renaissance change the European culture & society?
Did Paul McCartney die and get replaced?	Is it definitively true that Sir Paul McCartney died in 1966?
What are the best ways to improve my writing skills in English?	How improve my english mail writing skills?
Which places should I visit if I am going to Kerala for a week with friends?	What are the best 10 places to visit in Kerala including any falls?
Cinema of India: What are some little known facts about recent successful Bollywood actors?	What are some of the interesting facts about Bollywood personalities?
What would Donald Trump replace Obamacare with?	What should Donald Trump propose as an alternative to Obamacare?
What do all Indians commonly doing wrong?	What is it that we as Indians are collectively doing wrong?
How does Samsung Stylus Pen work?	How does Samsung Galaxy Note's S Pen work?
How is it to grow as a Celebrity child?	What is it like to be a celebrity's child?
Is it normal to watch porn?	Should we watch porn?
What has ASEAN achieved?	What has ASEAN accomplished?
Why does popcorn pop when heated?	How does popcorn "pop"?
Should I watch Ae dil hai mushkil?	What is your review of Ae Dil hai Mushkil?
How do I earn more money through internet/online?	What are the easy ways to earn money online?
What are the negative effects of sleep deprivation? Are any of them permanent?	What are the health effects of extended sleep deprivation?
How can I lose 25 kg?	How do I lose 30 pounds?
What is the best cellphone and best cellphone company?	Which is the best cellphone?
How do I earn money online?	How can I earn money online?
What does it take to be a top writer on Quora?	What should I do to become a top writer on Quora?
Does people still think Hillary is trustworthy?	What has Hillary Clinton done that makes her trustworthy?
How could I start my business?	How do I start my first business?
How do kill myself?	How do I kill myself without it hurting?
Where do I find a simple to understand solution on how to lose weight?	What should you do if you want to lose a lot of weight?
How do I apply for internship in BHEL?	How do I apply for internship at BHEL?
Is the US election rigged?	Is the US general election rigged as Donald Trump has publicly claimed that it is?
What is best way to learn English speaking?	How can you speak and learn fluent English like Karan Johar?
What is the best weight loss method?	What is a weight loss strategy that works?
How can I hack my friend's Facebook account?	How do paid hackers hack Facebook profiles?
Where can I get best assistance in Sydney for any property purchasing?	Where can I get friendly assistance in Sydney of any knowledgeable conveyancing solicitor?
Would God make someone blind for watching porn as punishment?	Would God make you blind for watching porn?
What is the funniest joke you ever heard?	What is the best joke ever heard?
When was pewter first discovered? Who discovered it?	Who discovered pewter? How was it discovered?
Is weed harmfull?	Does smoking weed is bad for health?
What should I do if I wake up one morning and find 1 million dollars credited to my account?	You wake up one day and find 1 million dollars in your bank account. What do you do?
What are some of the best substitutes for wine in cooking?	What is a good replacement for red wine in cooking?
What's the best metaphor ever?	What are the best metaphors?
Does anyone understand why the first step towards immigration is having a sponsor?	Why does the first step in the immigration process begin with having a sponsor?
Will Donald Trump or Hillary Clinton win the 2016 US presidential election?	Whom do you expect to become the next president of the USA: hillary Clinton or Donald Trump and why?
What is file system in Linux?	What is the file system in Linux?
Why do some people call Donald Trump a liar?	Why is Donald Trump a liar?
Is there any possibility that the aliens are also living on Earth like humans?	Are Aliens living amongst us?
How can I start making money using internet?	How can I start to make money online?
What's a good way to inflict pain to myself?	How can I inflict pain to myself?
How can I make money with Quora answers?	Is it possible to make some money by writing answers on Quora?
What will be Hillary Clinton's foreign policy towards India if she comes into power in 2016?	What will be Hillary Clinton's strategy for India if she becomes US President?
Why do I sneeze every morning?	Why do a lot of people sneeze a lot after waking up in the morning?
Has the United Nations treated Israel fairly?	Is the State of Israel treated unfairly at the United Nations?
What are the best SEO strategies for 2017?	What is the best SEO strategies in 2017?
What is the evolutionary explanation for the existence of the hymen?	What is the evolutionary purpose and function of the hymen?
Is it possible to stop masturbating?	How can I stop the urge to masturbate?
Why do people still support Trump after all his insults?	Why do people still support Donald Trump despite his controversial views?
What are the best companies to apply as a frontend developer?	Which are the best companies to apply for frontend development?
How do I get funding from investors for my business idea?	How can you get VCs to fund you if you just have an idea?
Is it possible to recover an email deleted from the Gmail trash folder?	Is there any way to recover e-mails that were deleted from a Gmail account?
What are the top most horror places in India?	What are the most haunted places in India?
How do I flow traffic to my website?	How can I build traffic for my website?
How can i earn through youtube?	How do people earn money from YouTube?
What was the significance of the Battle of the Bulge?	What happened at the Battle of the Bulge?
What made you move back to India from US?	Why did you move back from America to India?
What are some good Malayalam books to read?	What are the must read books in Malayalam literature?
How is buying land on the moon a good investment? Why do people buy land on the moon?	Who can buy the moon?
How can I follow people in Quora?	Getting Started on Quora: How do I follow people on Quora?
How do they calculate par score in duckworth lewis method?	How do I calculate runs using the Duckworth-Lewis method?
Why does the Greek language sound like Spanish?	Why does the Greek language sound so much like Spanish?
What is the greatest hack ever achieved?	What is the greatest hack ever done?
How do I stop being insecure ?	How can I stop being so insecure about myself?
How do you begin a startup with no money?	Is it possible to begin a startup with no money?
Why didn't Facebook buy Twitter?	Should Facebook acquire Twitter?
How can I earn money from YouTube?	What are some ways to make money from YouTube?
Do police officers render first aid to people they’ve shot?	Do Police render first aid after they have shot someone?
What is the best way to wash a Tesla vehicle?	Is it possible to water wash Tesla cars?
I'm a 19 year old male that wants to stay healthy. What are some exercises and foods that can help me maintain a youthful look?	I'm a 19 year old male that wants to stay healthy. What are diet foods that can help me maintain a youthful look?
How can I call someone who has blocked me on their phone?	How can I call a number that blocked me?
How do electrical light switches function?	How do light switches work?
How does Donald Trump's win affects Indian students preparing for graduate studies in US?	Does Trump's victory effect Indian students for their higher studies?
What is the most popular/usual breakfast in your country?	What's the traditional breakfast of your country?
How do you turn off a 2003 Ford Taurus check engine light?	How do I turn off the check Engine light on my 2003 Ford Taurus?
What are parathyroid glands and what function do they serve?	What is the function of parathyroid gland?
What is the best way to keep a person motivated 24/7?	How do you stay motivated 24/7?
What are the best ways to lose weight? What is the best diet plan?	How can I efficiently lose weight?
Why is Saltwater Taffy candy imported in Greece?	Why is Saltwater taffy candy imported in Japan?
What are some ways to kill boredom?	How did you beat boredom?
What is analytical thinking?	What is analytical thinking? And how can I improve my analytical thinking?
What is it like living in france for an Indian?	What is it like to be an Indian living in France?
What is your favorite topic to read about and why?	What is your favorite topic to discuss and why?
What are the places to visit for a honeymoon in Kerala?	What are the best 10 places to visit in Kerala including any falls?
What is your best sexual experience?	What are your best sex experiences?
What is best online coding bootcamp 2016?	What is the best online coding bootcamp?
Am I allowed to advertise on Quora?	Can we advertise our business on Quora?
What software do photographers use?	Which software do professional photographers use to edit their photos?
How do I grow taller in a hurry?	In what ways can I grow taller?
Are there any theories on what caused the big bang?	What caused the Big Bang?
Will foreign students studying in the USA be unwelcomed after Donald Trump is elected as president?	What will happen to international students in the US if Donald Trump becomes president?
How do I get green coffee beans?	Where and how can I get a green coffee bean?
Why is Western media anti-Muslim?	Why does Western media like to demonise Muslims?
Why does the Facebook app crash so often on my iPhone?	Why is my Facebook app crashing on my iPhone?
What is the most stupid thing you have ever done?	What is the stupidest thing you have ever done?
What are your views on Indian army's surgical attack at LOC?	What does the rest of the world think about the Indian Army's surgical Strike in POK?
How can I cancel a HDFC life insurance policy?	How do I cancel a HDFC life policy?
Why isn't my iPhone 5 charging?	What is the best forum when my iPhone charging port isn't working?
Why has Arnab Goswami resigned from Times Now?	Why Arnab Goswami resigned times now?
When us president swears in?	What date does the United States president get sworn in?
What were the causes for World War 1?	What was the reason behind world war one and world war two ?
What is your opinion on PM Narendra Modi's decision to ban INR 500 and INR 1000 notes?	Don't you think Modi will repeal decision to ban 500 and 1000 notes as it will cause high inconvenience?
What is the saddest thing you have ever heard?	What’s the saddest song you’ve ever heard?
Can a socially awkward person become a good lawyer?	Can quiet people become good lawyers?
What are some stupid questions asked in an Interview?	What is the most stupid question asked in an interview?
What was the best feeling that you ever had?	What is the best feeling you ever had?
Can you suggest some excellent documentaries on World War 2?	What are the best World War II documentaries?
What is the price of iPhone 7?	What would be the expected price of iPhone 7?
What do you think of love?	What do you think about love?
What are a few ways to safely earn money online?	What are the safest ways to earn money online?
How can I find out who called me from an unknown "No Caller ID" private number?	A stranger miscalled me from the private number. How do I find out his number? Is there any free stuff which can help me?
How do I get my focus back?	How can I get my focus back?
What is the most important thing in one's life?	What are the things that are important in life?
Is this site Quora only for the very intelligent?	Is Quora only for smart people?
What are short and open circuits used for?	How do short and open circuits compare and contrast?
How do I stop my Shepherd-Husky mix puppy from humping my furniture?	How do I stop my Miniature Pinscher/Chihuahua mix to stop humping my furniture?
Who can help me to get a green card?	How can I get a green card to live and work in the USA?
How can I fetch more number of answers for my questions on Quora?	How come nobody is answering my questions in Quora?
Who is better Donald Trump or Hillary Clinton and why?	Who is better between Hillary Clinton and Donald Trump as a US president?
How can I make my own operating system?	How could I make my own operating system?
How can I stop eating junk and processed food addiction and stay healthy?	How do I stop eating fast food?
I'm 18. How can I make money online?	How do you make easy money online?
Will Donald Trump crack down on the H1b visa program if he gets elected?	Will Donald Trump cut off all H1B visa?
How can I make at least 1000 dollars online in a month?	How can I make 1000 dollars in one month online?
What are the must-download educational apps in the Google Play store?	What are the best educational apps in the Google Play store?
How states will manage brexit?	How will states manage or control brexit?
Trump draws massive crowds to his rallies. In 1000s. Hillary gets a few hundreds. Are the polls misleading?	If Hillary is really leading the polls why her crowds are so small compared to the huge crowds at Trump rallies?
What was the main purpose of the Manifest Destiny?	What is the importance and purpose of the Manifest Destiny?
How do I overcome shyness in college?	How can I overcome shyness at university?
How can I find the right girl to get married?	How do I find the right girl for me?
What do you think about the Indian Government policy of not circulating INR 500 and INR 1000?	What do you think of the decision by the Indian government to demonetize 500 and 1000 rupee notes?
Can I make money online?	How can I earn money online?
What are the things that should be a common sense in terms of mental health but are not?	What things should be common sense in terms of mental health but are not?
What are the generally asked questions during an interview?	What are the most commonly asked interview questions and how do I answer them?
How can I get a bicycle for free?	How do I get really nice bicycles for free?
What does Putin want at this stage?	What does Putin want?
Is MacBook Pro good for hacking?	Is a MacBook pro a good laptop to use for hacking?
Which laptop or notebook can I buy under 20k?	What is the best laptop I could buy under 20k?
What if the Jim crow laws came back?	What would happen if Jim Crow laws were reintroduced today?
How do I delete Instagram account when you forgot your password and email?	How do I delete my Instagram account when I have forgotten my password and the password to my email?
What is the best English translation of the Bhagavad Gita?	Where can I find the accurate english translation of Bhagavad Gita?
What books should be referred for Cs executive accounts and security law?	I will be appearing for CS Executive on December 16. I'm planning to do self-study. Which books can I study?
How will Trump's presidency affect Indian students who are planning to do a PhD in the US?	Will Trump's win affect the matriculation of students who wish to be graduate from USA?
How can we learn faster?	How can you learn fast?
How does Hawala work?	How does HAWALA operates?
Are wrist watches allowed in JEE Mains? Are wall clocks ensured in every center?	Are wrist watches allowed in JEE Main ? Are wall clocks ensured in every center ?
How exactly is the President of the United States elected?	How is the American president elected?
How do you generate traffic for a website?	How can you generate a traffic to website?
Why Apple products are so expensive?	Are Apple products overrated and overpriced?
How does social media help in Improving SEO?	How does social media help SEO?
What are abiotic resources? What are some examples?	What are some examples of abiotic resources?
Is life easy for you?	Is life easy or hard?
What does it mean when a girl smiles at you every time she sees you?	What it means for a girl to smile each time she sees you?
Do we know if there is life on other planets?	Has life been found on any other planet?
Is sleep paralysis bad for you?	Is sleep paralysis dangerous?
What are the advantages of being an unattractive girl?	What are the advantages of being unattractive as a female?
My girlfriend broke up with me and I still love her. What should I do?	What should I do now that I broke up with my girlfriend?
Can I use Jio SIM in iPhone 5s?	How can I use Jio SIM in iPhone 5s?
What is the Expected cutoff for KVPY SA stream 2016?	What is the expected cut off for KVPY SA Aptitude Test 2016?
Can I play GTA V on MacBook Pro?	Can I play GTA 5 on a MacBook Pro?
In Japanese, how do you say "little sister"?	In Japanese, how do you say "young sister"?
Will we ever find a cure for diabetes or is this condition with us to stay?	Will there ever be a cure for diabetes? Why or why not?
How does Trump's win affects Indian students planning for graduate studies in United States?	Will Trump's win affect the matriculation of students who wish to be graduate from USA?
What are the main features of the Indian Constitution?	What are the salient features of the Indian Constitution?
How would I know if she really likes me?	How do I tell if she likes me?
What was the weirdest thing you’ve seen your child do?	What is the weirdest thing you have seen your child doing?
How can I be good in my studies?	How can I become good in studies.?
What is the IQ Test did Jake Williams use to get his 148 score?	How did Jake Williams calculate his IQ?
How is it to be a CBI officer?	How do I be an CBI officer?
Is there a best way to learn?	What is best way to learn?
How can you find the purpose of human life?	How should I know my purpose of life?
What is your favourite colour?	What's your favourite colour?
Is Crimea part of Russia now?	Is Crimea a part of Russia or Ukraine?
How do I overcome one sided love failure?	What are some of the effective ways to overcome one sided love?
How can I manage my anger?	How can I control on my anger?
What are the best books to learn Java?	What is the best book for learning Java?
Where is the weirdest place you've had sex?	What is the craziest place where you have had sex?
Is it possible to make an Iron Man suit?	Is it possible to create iron man suite practically?
Which force is responsible for the rotation of earth on its own axis and how?	What Is the cause of earth rotation around Its axis?
What is the most probable cutoff for KVPY SA 2016?	What do you think the cutoff of KVPY 2016 SA would be?
Is Akhilesh Yadav's suspension a well planed strategy?	What is your take on suspension of Akhilesh Yadav?
When will Spotify launch in India?	Daniel Ek: When will spotify be available in India?
How can I work on better reading comprehension?	How do I get better at reading comprehension?
Why are women complicated?	Why are women so complicated?
How do you create an innovative culture in a large corporation?	How do you foster a culture of innovation in a large company?
How can I stop feeling lonely?	What is the best way to stop being lonely?
How do you read super complex regular expression?	How can I understand complex regular expressions?
What will President Obama do when he leaves office?	What will Obama do after he's done being President of the USA?
How is pastrami made?	How is pastramie made?
Can you track a package without a tracking number?	How do you track a package without a tracking number?
What is the state of the art in natural language understanding?	What is the state-of-the-art of natural language understanding?
How do I get admissions in IIT's for ME?	How we can get admission to an IIT for ME?
How do I get admission in IIT?	How does one get into an IIT?
What is the question that you've always wanted to ask the world?	What's a question you've always wanted to ask?
What is the best handbook for mechanical engineering for competition exams?	What is the best handbook for mechanical engineering?
Can u get pregnant the day after your period ends?	Can I get pregnant a week after my cycle?
Is time travel possible? If yes how	Is time travel theoretically possible?
What should I do when I think everything goes wrong in my life?	What shall I do when everything goes wrong in life?
Which is the best institute in Chennai for Oracle DBA training?	Which is the best institute which offers oracle DBA training in Chennai?
What's it like to be considered dumb?	What is it like to be dumb?
Why do guys stare a lot at girls?	Why do guys stare at girls?
Which is the best joke you have ever heard?	What's the best joke you have ever heard?
How should I start IAS preparation after graduation?	How do I start IAS preparation along with BE engineering?
Which book is best for study of gre?	Which book is better for gre?
How come there are so many stupid questions on Quora?	Why are there so many pointless questions on Quora?
How do I talk English fluently?	How can I take my spoken English to a higher level when I speak good enough but not fluently?
How can i earn through youtube?	How do I make money through YouTube?
What is a hypertonic solution? What are some examples?	What are some examples of hypertonic solutions?
What are the advantages of jailbreaking an iPhone 6?	Why should you jailbreak a iPhone 6?
How long does it take to learn Python?	How long does it take to learn the basics of Python before you can do anything fun/interesting?
Why do people like anal sex?	Why do men engage in anal sex?
Which is your favourite character in Vir The Robot Boy cartoon series?	Which is your favourite character in Vir The Robot Boy series?
What makes a person instantly attractive?	What instantly makes a person more attractive?
How can onesee or find out extra dimensions?	How can one see or find out extra dimensions?
What should be my diet to make six pack abs?	What combination of diet and exercise tips can result in losing belly fat and building six pack abs?
Why is Clinton better than Trump?	Why is Hillary Clinton worse than Donald Trump?
How do you get over somebody you cant live a day without?	Why is it so hard to get over somebody?
What can I do to increase penis size?	How do I increase the size of my penis without surgery?
What is the best way to learn white hat hacking?	What is the best possible way for learning hacking?
What is the best places in India to travel?	What are some best places that everyone should visit in India?
What is Hillary Clinton's stand on relations with India?	What are Hillary Clinton's views on relations with India?
What is to be fallen in love with your best friend?	What is fall in love with your best friend?
How can you increase your IQ?	How can I increase my IQ?
What are the components of fitness?	What are the seven components of fitness?
How do I earn money with website?	How can I earn money by a website?
Should India sign the CPEC?	Should India join the CPEC?
How do I become a taste tester on The Cooking Channel's "Food's Greatest Hits"?	How do I become a taste tester on The Food Channel's "Food's Greatest Hits"?
Where can I find a list of U.S. family offices?	Where can I find a list of family offices in the US?
As of today which programming language would be best to learn and master at as a career point of view?	Which programming language should I learn for career point of view?
How does it feel to parent a pet?	How does it feel to have a pet?
In what ways is China a developing country?	In what ways is China a developed country?
How do I know if I am an introvert?	How can I know that I am an introvert?
Why is mathematics important?	Why is mathematics so important?
Can you hack a password?	Hacking a password?
What are the reader's views on Harry Potter and The Cursed Child?	How is the new Harry Potter book "Harry Potter and the Cursed Child"?
Is it possible that those missing flights were abducted by aliens?	Is it possible that aliens abducted the missing Malaysia Airlines Flight MH370? How?
How do I get an internship in Google?	How can I apply for internship at Google?
Would a rapper with Autism be appealing?	Would a good rapper with autism be appealing?
Are there any mathematical proofs to the existence of aliens?	Is there any scientific proof for the existence of aliens?
What is the difference between IES and ESE?	What is the difference between ESE and IES?
What books should I read being a 20-year-old?	Which books should I read to start with as a 20 year old student?
Why was a "Friends" episode dedicated to Pearl Harmon?	A "Friends" episode was dedicated to Pearl Harmon. Who is that?
How do you know if you are in love with someone?	How do you know when you start to fall in love with someone?
What are best Fish Oil supplements in India?	Which is the best fish oil supplement in India?
How do I make money from a YouTube channel?	What are some ways to make money from YouTube?
Which film has changed your perception towards life?	What film has changed your perspective on life and why?
Which are the best travel options from Cochin to Munaar?	What's the best way to travel from cochin to Munnar?
Why do people tend to go Annonymous on Quora for no reason?	Why do people go anonymous on Quora?
What are the 3 stages of production in economics?	What are the stages of production?
Is it safe to give a dog Benadryl to help it sleep?	Can I give my dog Benadryl for his allergies?
Will the EU one day become a single nation?	Will the EU function better as one country?
What are the negatives of not having sex?	What are negatives of not having sex?
What are the similarities between Narendra Modi and Donald Trump?	Are there any similarities in the rise of Narendra Modi in India (2014) and Donald Trump in USA (2016)?
What is the best position for first time sex?	Which is best position for first time sex?
How do I cut back on how much time I waste on the internet?	How do I stop wasting my time on the internet?
Is 28 years old too old to start college?	Is it too late for a 28 year old to go to college?
Is sex important in love?	Why is sex important in a good relationship?
How do I improve my English language?	How can I be a native English speaker?
What's your favorite song now?	What is your favourite song right now?
What is the benefit to Quora?	What are the benefits of being on Quora?
Which book is most useful for studying quantum mechanics?	Which book will be more prefer to study quantum mechanics?
How do I get my start in real estate investing?	How do I start my real estate business?
How do I earned big money even online without investment?	How do I make money online without investment?
How do our eyes perceive colors?	How do our eyes and brain process color?
How does one deal with break up?	How do I deal with break up?
How can I earn from online?	How can I earn money easily online?
How do I get a lot of money in 8 ball pool?	How can I earn free coins in 8 ball pool?
What's the best self defense martial art?	What martial arts is best for self-defense?
How do you go about finding a career mentor?	What is the best way to go about getting a mentor?
What hashtags can get your new cat Instagram account plenty of likes?	What are the best hashtags for Instagram likes?
Replacing 500 and 1000 notes- how will this move reduce black money?	How will replacing 1000 notes with 2000 notes going to stop corruption and black money?
What is your resolution for this year 2017?	What Is your New year resolutions in 2017?
How do you spend your Sunday?	How do you like to spend your Sunday?
Is World War III on its way right now?	Do you think we are on the verge of World War III?
How important is sex in a successful relationship?	Is sex important in a relationship?
Why was JFK assassinated?	What was the main reason why JFK got assassinated?
What are the effects of taking a shot of espresso?	What are the side effects of espresso?
Where and how are Lionel toy trains made?	What are Lionel toy trains made of?
What is a biomass?	What is biomass?
Which is the site to start my blog for free and earn money from it?	Which is the best site to start my blog for free?
How I can enhance my English language?	How do I improve my overall native English language?
What is the most important thing you have done this year?	What was the best thing that you did this year?
What are some good YouTube channels to study inorganic chemistry for IIT JEE?	What are some good YouTube channels to study inorganic chemistry for IIT JEE ?
Will starving yourself make you lose weight?	Is starving myself or going on a water based diet a quick way to lose weight?
What's the best book of 2016?	Which one is the best book of 2016?
What are some of the weirdest and amazing (surprising) facts about the Indian economy?	What are some lesser known facts about the Indian economy?
How do I get started on making my own clothes?	How can I get started making my own clothes?
Why is Putin in Syria?	Why did Russia intervene in Syria?
What is the story behind the black arrow that Bard uses to kill Smaug?	How could one single arrow kill a creature as large as Smaug?
What are Deloitte placement questions?	Deloitte interview questions?
Why did the value of the british pound drop immediately after Britain had left the EU?	Why did the value of the pound fall after Brexit?
How did you learn to speak English?	How can I improve in English?
What are some ways to hack a Facebook account?	How can I hack somebody's Facebook account if that person is not added as a friend?
How can I increase my reaction time?	How do I increase my reaction time?
What kind of everday brands do you Ivy league students love using?	What brands do you Ivy League students like?
How do I find out what kind of a person I am?	How do I get to know what kind of person I am?
One of my questions has been marked as needing improvement. I've tried everything and it is still marked. How can I solve this?	Can people still see questions that are marked as needing improving?
What would be considered rapid weight loss? (Pounds per day)	What is rapid weight loss?
Which is the best online grocery store in Pune?	Which is the best online grocery shopping website in Pune?
What is the most unusual gift you have ever received?	What is the most unique gift that you have ever received?
What are the best places to visit in Kerala?	What are the must places to visit in Kerala (6-7 days)?
How can I close ICICI bank account through ICICI net banking?	How can I close ICICI Saving account?
What are some of the little known facts about the World War 2?	What are unknown facts about World War 2?
Is 1 rupee sale a scam? What are your views.	Are Flipkart's 1 Rupee sales fake?
Were can I find Angel Investors who actually listen and invest?	How can I find Angel Investors or Venture Capitalists in my area?
Why does Almighty God need people to worship him?	Why does God need our worship?
What are the most interesting facts about silicon?	What are some interesting facts about silicon?
Do colleges look at your freshman year grades?	If I do bad freshman year and do good sophomore year how do colleges look at that?
Which is best smartphone to buy in 2016?	Which is the best smartphone in 2016?
What is the best way to deal with social anxiety disorder?	What are the best ways for dealing with social anxiety?
Are there any Q & A sites that are better than Quora?	Is there an intellectual Q&A site better than Quora?
Is it good to join any PSU on the basis of a diploma?	Is it better to join any PSU on basis of diploma?
How has 2016 been a year for you?	How was the year 2016 for you?
Is EOS a good lip balm?	Is Eos lip balm good?
Why do many Quora users ask questions they could look up online?	Why do people ask questions here in Quora instead of just googling?
What's the best way to be sure to get into a really good college?	How do I get into a really good college?
How do I increase brain processing speed?	How can I increase my brain's processing speed and efficiency?
When do you know that you are in love?	How will you come to know that you are in love?
What are the best science fiction television series?	Which is the best science fiction TV series?
What is the best sex experience you've ever had? (gay or straight)	What was the best sexual experience you've ever had?
How do you remove ads from all youtube videos?	How can you remove ads from Youtube?
What changes have taken place in Varanasi after PM Modi took over as MP of Varanasi?	What changes have taken place in Varanasi after PM Modi took over as their MP?
How do I change my password in yahoo mail?	How do I change my password on Yahoo mail?
How is junior college in Singapore compared to Colombia?	How is junior college in Singapore compared to the Philippines?
Why do you study bba?	Why do you want to study BBA?
Why do olympians bite medal after they win it?	Why do athletes after winning a medal take a picture like they are about to bite it?
Why does Quora seemingly always tell me that my questions need improvement when they are clear and concise questions?	Why does every question on Quora need improvement ?
How should India respond to Pakistan regarding the recent attack in Uri?	How India can respond to the Uri terror attack?
What the biggest mistake you have made?	What the biggest mistake that you've made?
What is the best moment of your life so far?	What was your best moment?
Why do people ask question on Quora that can be easily and definitively answered by Googling?	Why do people ask questions here in Quora instead of just googling?
How would you differentiate between infatuation and love?	What is the difference between infatuation and love? I mean which of them is more into focusing only on the good side of the person?
What is the funniest meme ever?	What is the funniest meme you have ever came across?
What stocks are a good buy now?	What stock should I buy right now?
Would Trump be able to deport all illegal immigrants?	Will Donald Trump deport illegal immigrants?
Is cat worth a 1 year drop?	Should I drop one year after my BBA for CAT preparation?
What is the easiest way to improve the strumming pattern on the guitar?	How do I improve my Strumming Pattern on guitar?
How do you know if you are a good parent?	How do you know if you've been a good parent?
What was your best birthday gift?	What are the best birthday gifts?
What does it takes to be a successful coffee shop?	What's the secret to a successful coffee shop?
How do I find the best mobile app development company for web and mobile application development services?	How can I find the best app development company?
How was the KVPY 2016 SX stream?	How wax KVPY SX stream exam?
What are some top competitive programming blogs?	What are some good blogs for learning algorithms and competitive programming techniques?
How can I continue to improve my English?	What are some ways to improve English?
How do I develop my personality?	What should I do to develop my personality?
How do I use a condom effectively?	How do I use condom safely?
What turns people off about Quora?	What is something you hate about Quora?
What are some proven ways to reduce and manage stress?	What are the best and quickest ways to reduce stress?
How can you completely get over someone?	Can you get over someone completely?
Why are gay men feminine and lesbians masculine?	Why are most gay men so feminine?
What is correlation?	What is the correlation?
What is the main cause of typhoons?	What are typhoons?
I have an untreatable and life-long disabling neurological disease. What is the easiest and most painless way I can commit suicide?	What is the least painful and best way to commit suicide?
How can I hide a WhatsApp contact?	How do I hide a contact on whatsapp?
Can a person with tattoo can donate blood?	Why can't people with tattoos donate blood?
Can someone translate a sentence in English into Latin for me?	Can someone translate accurately English into latin?
Can I make money by uploading videos on YouTube (if I have subscribers)?	How do I make money from a YouTube channel?
What does the moon star flag represent?	What does a crescent moon with a star symbolize?
Why are so many earthquakes in Japan?	Why do so many earthquakes strike Japan?
Why should I believe in horoscopes?	Should we believe in horoscope?
How would you build a pocket trauma kit?	How do you build a pocket trauma kit?
How can I get a job in medical sales?	How do I get a job selling Medical devices?
How do I end my own life?	How can I end my own life peacefully?
Which is the best institute in Delhi for GMAT Coaching?	What are the best GMAT coaching institutes in Delhi NCR?
Why is salt water taffy candy imported in France?	Why is saltwater taffy candy imported in Brazil?
Is our new currency note of Rs.2000 equipped with nano GPS chips?	Is it true that the new 2000 rupees notes have a GPS chips?
What are the best videos you have watched on YouTube?	What are the best films to watch on YouTube?
What are the causes and effects of the Cold War?	What were the causes of the Cold War? What were its effects?
How do I erase all my answers and question on Quora?	How do I delete my own question from Quora?
How does it feel like to be gay in India?	How does it feel to be a closeted gay in India?
How do I write a good ebook?	How do I write a good book?
What is the preparation strategy for CAT 2017?	What should be the plan for preparation of CAT 2017 from here onwards?
I'm 19 years old and girls always rejecting me on social media and off line…how can I attract and make them like me?	I'm 19 years old and girls always rejecting me on social media and off line…how can I attract and make them fall for me?
What is purpose of life?	What's the sole purpose of life?
What is the working logic behind mobile Wallets?	What  is the working logic behind Mobile Wallets?
What tactics does a narcissist use to manipulate people?	What tactics do narcissists use to control?
How do I get rid of tiny black bugs in my bed?	How can you get rid of tiny black bugs in bed?
Why do people believe Hillary Clinton is dishonest?	Why do some people believe that Hillary Clinton is a liar?
How long does meth stay in a persons blood?	How long does crystal meth stay in your system and how can I dilute it?
Will Batman v Superman: Dawn of Justice flop?	How is Batman vs Superman Dawn of Justice movie?
Why do see colors when we close our eyes?	Why do we see colors when we close our eyes?
What do you mean by mechanical engineering?	What is the aim of mechanical engineering?
Why did RBI issue new 2000 rupees note instead of new 1000 rupees note?	What is the strategy behind the RBI on not releasing the new 1000 rupees note?
If I shot myself in the head with a Desert eagle 50AE what would happends?	What is the one shot stop percentage with a Desert eagle 50AE?
How should we start investment?	What is the best way to start investing?
Can the President of the United States carry a firearm?	Can the U.S. President carry a personal firearm?
What is the objective and method of the role technology in third party logistics services?	What is the role of technology to improve third party logistics services?
What are the top 10 novels I should read before I die? And why?	What are the must read novels before you die?
What is the best free / cheap CRM for a startup?	What is the best free / cheap CRM  for a startup?
What are some good mixers for tequila?	What mixes well with tequila?
What are chances of another war between India and Pakistan?	What will happen if there is a war between India and Pakistan?
Why is it necessary to shave pubic hair?	Is it good or bad to shave pubic hair?
How do Indian Muslim women feel about triple talaq? Are they happy with it?	What do Indian Muslim women think of Triple Talaq?
What were the consequences of WW2?	What were the consequences of WWII?
I am 19 years old girl and my height is 5'3. How can I increase my height?	How could I increase my height?
How exactly does banning Rs 500 and Rs 1000 notes curb the problem of black money?	How will the scrapping of Rs 500 and Rs 1000 notes help in reducing black money and corruption?
How do I study faster and more efficiently?	How can I study more efficiently?
How can you tell if a guy likes you or not?	How do you tell if a guy likes you?
Who can see my Facebook profile?	Can I see who looks at my Facebook profile?
Why do most citizens of Northern Ireland want to stay under UK rule?	Why do most people in Northern Ireland wish to remain as part of the UK and/or consider themselves British?
How can I log into Facebook without putting in a password?	How can I find my old password or can I log into Facebook from my Gmail account?
Where is the satisfaction in BDSM?	Why do people enjoy BDSM?
How I earn money from freelancing as a writer?	How can I earn money as a freelance writer?
How many seats are there in AIPMT?	How many seats are there in the AIPMT?
How can Adrian Lamo hack a supercomputer?	How does Adrian Lamo hack?
Why does this caste discrimination still exists in India?	Why caste discrimination is so common in India?
What are good ways to teach 12-year-old child programming?	What is the best way to teach a 10-year-old child programming?
[Spoilers]What do you think about Harry Potter and the Cursed Child?	Am i the only one slightly disappointed at reading harry potter and the cursed child?
How do you reset a Dell laptop to factory settings?	How do I restore my Dell computer to factory settings?
What is the definition of soulmate for you?	What is a soulmate to you?
How do I start preparing for IAS exam? How much time should I spend on which subject?	How do I start preparation for IAS exam?
Who will win the election in united states?	Who will win the election TRUMP or CLINTON?
How do I get bad grades even though when I study really hard?	Why do I get bad grades even though I study a lot?
How should one answer the question, "Tell me about yourself."?	What should be the best answer for tell me something about yourself?
How do you apologize to someone?	How I can apologize to someone?
What is the difference between current and saving money?	What is the difference between savings acc and current acc?
Which is best gaming laptop under 60000?	What are the best gaming laptops under INR 60000?
What is Navy Seal training like?	What does a navy seal do for training?
How can I change my profile picture on Quora?	How do I upload profile pic in Quora?
What are absolute monocytes on a blood test? What affects their levels?	What does it mean if your absolute monocytes are high?
Are there any supplements out there that actually burn belly fat and lower body fat?	Are there any herbal supplements that burn fat?
What are some of the best parenting advice?	What is the best parenting advice you can give?
Will be there war between Pakistan and India?	Will there be another war between Pakistan and India?
How do create a website?	How do I start my own website?
How does banning 500 & 1000 rupee notes solve black money problem?	How is discontinuing 500 and 1000 rupee note going to put a hold on black money in India?
What's the feeling of having sex for the first time?	How is your first sex experience?
How did you make friends on Quora?	How can I make friends on Quora?
Which is the best WhatsApp status?	What is best WhatsApp status you have ever read?
What's the best way to market for my recently self-published book (on CreateSpace) to make it reach all over?	What's the best way to market for my recently self-published book (on CreateSpace) to make it reach a huge audience?
Is it possible we are someone's computer simulation?	Are we living in a simulation?
Why is Australia so expensive to live?	Is Australia expensive to live in?
I dont know how to talk to people?	How can I learn how to talk to people?
How would I possibly make kitsch art?	How would I make kitsch art?
Can you get pregnant one day before ovulation?	Can I get pregnant a couple hours before I got my period?
What should I do to become an ethical hacker?	How can I become hacker?
What are some good ways to lose weight?	How should one change their diet to lose weight?
Who will win the election? Donald Trump or Hillary Clinton?	Who do you think is going to win the 2016 presidential election?
How effective are IP address 'blockers'/'hiders' for Mac?	How effective are IP address 'blockers'/'hiders'?
Why did India opt for Rafale aircrafts over other fighter jets?	Why did India choose to buy only rafale fighter plane?
What is the best way to learn Django?	What is the fastest way to learn Django?
What are some great cause and effect topics about smoking cigarettes?	What are some great cause and effect topics about smoking?
What was your most embarrassing moment in childhood?	What was the most embarrassing moment in your childhood?
Does Hillary Clinton have any serious health issues?	Is Hillary Clinton seriously ill?
Which books are good for improving English?	What are the books to improve English?
How can I make money using Tumblr?	How do you make money from a Tumblr blog?
How can I Increase the traffic of my blog?	How can I get traffic for my website?
What do I do when I can't control my anger?	What should I do for controlling anger?
Did Hillary lie and about what?	What did Hillary Clinton lie about?
What are things that make Indians sad?	What things make Indians sad?
Which is the best time to do exersise?	What time is it best to exercise?
What are the safety precautions on handling shotguns proposed by the NRA in Utah?	What are the safety precautions on handling shotguns proposed by the NRA in Wisconsin?
What should I do when all group members suddenly start making fun of me?	How should I behave when all group members suddenly stops talking with me?
What is the best joke you have heard or read?	What is the best joke you've heard/read?
What are some new year resolutions for 2017?	Do you have any New Years resolutions for 2017?
What are your New Year's resolutions?	What are your New Year’s resolutions?
How can I increase my intelligence?	How can I improve my intelligence?
How do I know whether person is lying?	What are some tips to know when someone is lying?
How should I deal with stress?	How do you manage to deal with stress?
How can I introspect myself?	How should I introspect myself?
Why do people often ask questions in Quora while they can Google it themselves?	Why do some people ask simple direct science questions in Quora when there are sufficient resources available in internet?
What is buffer stock?	What are buffer stocks?
Which company is best for aerospace engineering?	Which is the best company to work for an aeronautical/aerospace engineer and why?
What would happen if humans no longer needed to sleep?	Where would humans be if we didn't need sleep?
Which are some of the conspiracy theories that later on proved to be true?	Which is the most unlikely conspiracy theory which turned out to be true?
Are YOU a feminist? Or what do you understand by the term 'feminism'?	Are you a feminist?
Where can I take the Online Practice Tests for GRE free of cost?	What is the link for free online GRE papers?
What is the best way to avoid questions needing improvement on Quora?	What is the meaning of "flagged as needing improvement" on Quora?
How do I write story for film?	How do I write a story for a film?
Has anyone encountered supernatural indcidents?	Has anyone ever had a real supernatural encounter?
Why does hair turn grey as people age?	What causes older peoples' hair to turn grey?
What would be effect of 500 and 1000 Rs notes ban?	Is Modi's decision on demonetization of 500 and 1000 notes welcomed by public?
How much do photographers charge per photograph?	How much should I charge for my work as a photographer?
Why Cyrus Mistry has been sacked all of a sudden?	Why did Tata Sons removed/sacked Cyrus Mistry as the chairman?
What is archive?	What is an archive?
What's a good way to get started writing a screenplay?	How do I start writing my own screenplay?
Which is the best laptop to buy above ₹25000 and below/upto ₹30000?	What is the best laptop under 30k?
How do I change the direction of an AC motor?	How can one reverse the rotation of a AC motor?
Can you change your eye color by hypnotizing yourself that you have a different eye color?	Can I change my eye colour using hypnosis?
Which renewable energy source has the most potential in Costa Rica?	Which renewable energy source has the most potential in Costa Rica and why?
What is an example of a sentence with the word "terse"?	What are some examples of sentences utilizing the word "terse"?
How did pumpkins become associated with Halloween?	How and when did pumpkins get linked Halloween?
What's the worst thing you ever done in your life?	What is the worst thing that you did in your life?
Which pattern of numbers follows the rule of adding 15?	Which pattern of numbers follows the rule about adding 15?
How do I find a wealthy cofounder for my startups?	How do I find a cofounder for my startup?
What is the meaning of automation?	What is mean by automation?
How can I specifically improve my English?	What are the best ways to improve English?
What are 10 must read books or series?	What are the top 10 books l must read?
Which are the best books to prepare for IAS exam?	Which book is best for IAS prelims preparation?
What is the best book to learn algorithms design and analysis?	What is the best book for learning design and analysis of algorithms?
How hard is it for a homeless person to get a job?	How hard is it to find a job as a homeless person?
How do I download WhatsApp to my PC?	How can I install WhatsApp for my PC?
In how much time can I learn to code a WordPress website?	How do I learn Wordpress Development as a Frontend Developer?
Does university ranking really matter?	What does the ranking of the university really mean?
How do I stop myself from biting my nails?	How should I stop biting my nails?
How do I increase the visibility of my comments on Quora?	How do I increase my visibility on Quora?
What are your New Year's resolutions for 2017?	What are your resolutions for 2017? And why?
What is the process to be a guest speaker on NPR?	How do I become a guest speaker on NPR?
What is the best way to learn biology?	How do I learn biology?
Can skipping increase your height?	What are the ways to gain height?
What are the signs of an impending economic collapse?	What are good signs that an economic collapse might happen?
How do you get rid of red spots on your face?	How can I get rid of red spots on my face?
Is Java hard to learn?	Is Java easy to learn?
How was your experience looking for a sperm donor or donating sperm?	How was your experience looking for a sperm donor?
Which is best conductor of heat?	What are good conductors of heat?
How does science explain why cows have 4 stomachs?	Why do cows have multiple stomachs?
What can I do to increase my memory	How can I improve my memory power?
Can a person increase his/her height even after 20?	Is it possible to Increase height or get taller after 20?
Is cognitive intelligence hereditary or divine miracle?	Is an individual's intelligence in any way a hereditary quality?
What is the kinkiest thing you have ever done?	What is the kinkiest thing you've ever done?
How should one improve one's presence of mind?	How should one develop good presence of mind?
What should I do with this girl that I liked?	What should I do about a girl I like?
If God is all powerful can he make a rock so heavy even he cannot lift it?	Can God make a boulder so heavy he can't lift it?
How it will the latest change in the denominations of Rs. 500 and 1000 affect the economy?	What will be the effects of demonetisation of 500 and 1000 notes on the Indian economy?
Which are the best apps for passing time?	What is the best app for teenager to pass time?
Are there any security features in Rs 2000 and Rs. 500 currency notes to make them counterfeit proof?	How safe is new Rs 500 and Rs 2000 Indian currency notes?
How do the Republicans & Democrats differ from each other?	What are the Democrats beliefs? How does it differ from the Republicans?
How does "Education for All" works in the Philippines?	How has "Education for All" influenced education in the Philippines?
How do you prepare green tea?	How do I prepare green tea at home?
How did Donald Trump manage to win the 2016 US election?	How did Donald Trump win despite projections that he would fail?
What will be the impact on property prices due to the scrapping of Rs 500 and Rs 1000 notes?	What will be impact of 500 / 1000 notes ban on real estate?
How should I prepare for BITSAT 2017?	How should I prepare for BITSAT examination 2017?
What is the best software to manage your Twitter account?	What's the best Twitter management program or software?
Does masturbation reduce weight?	Can masturbating reduce weight?
What are some mind-blowing iPhone/Android gadgets that most people don't know about?	What are some mind-blowing mobile tools that exist that most people don't know about?
Why is Narendra Modi not attending the parliament on demonetization issue?	Why did Prime Minister N. Modi not come to Parliament to discuss the demonetization of rupees?
Who is the best MCAT instructor in Lahore?	Who are the best MCAT trainers in Lahore?
Why do people still think the the world is flat?	Why are there still people who think that the Earth is flat?
What is the best coaching institute for gmat in Delhi?	What are the best coaching institutes for GMAT in NCR?
What are edX and Coursera?	What is with EdX and Coursera?
What is advanced mathematics like?	What is Advanced Mathematics?
What is the wildest thing you have ever done in your life?	What is the wildest and amazing thing that you have ever done?
How do I enjoy my weekends when I almost have no friends to go out with?	Where can an introvert with no friends go out to on the weekend?
How do I control my weight?	What is the best way to control weight?
CALL@@@@@### US Talk@AVG^! |! ^1800*@251*@4919 AVG Antivirus Tech Support phone number?	Can you suggest to me about any AVG Antivirus best tech support service for USA?
What is the most stupid question asked on Quora?	What are the worst stupidest questions asked on Quora?
How can I be successful as an indie game developer?	What steps should I take to become a successful indie game developer?
What would happen if we all stopped wearing clothes?	What if everyone in the world stopped wearing clothes?
Why is it that Muslims don’t eat pork meat?	Why do Muslims not eat pork?
Was the Suicide Squad movie good in your opinion?	How is the movie suicide squad?
How do I stop procrastinating on my homework?	How can I stop procrastinating on my homework assignments?
Which is the best place to live in Mumbai?	What is the best place to stay in Mumbai?
Why do onions make people cry?	Why do onions sting?
Which is the best institute to learn digital marketing (job oriented) in India?	Which is best digital marketing course?
Are there any verified angel investors on Quora?	Are there any investors on Quora?
Why are there so many IITians on Quora?	Why do there are too many IITians and engineers on Quora?
How do I deal with extreme Social anxiety disorder?	How do I deal with my social anxiety?
How and where do I find a girlfriend?	How do I find girlfriend?
Which books should I read to understand Mughal History?	Which books are worth reading about the Mughal Empire in India?
How can I expand my IQ?	How can I increase my IQ?
Why is bakelite a condensation polymer?	Is bakelite a condensation polymer?
What do fake boobs feel like when you touch them?	How do fake boobs feel?
Why do we need reservation in India?	Is caste reservation system still necessary in India?
Where can I get comprehensive written advice in Sydney for any property transaction?	Where can I get necessary legal advice and services in Sydney for property transaction?
What are tracer rounds? Are they legal for the public to possess in the state of Alabama?	What are tracer rounds? Are they legal for the public to possess in the state of Arizona?
Who or what does Hillary Clinton and her campaign fault for their losing the election?	What were Hillary Clinton's mistakes that led to her losing the election?
Why do some people still believe that the earth is flat?	Why do some people think Earth is flat?
How do I make money freelancing?	How can I make money being a freelancer?
What are the most intellectually stimulating movies you have ever seen?	What are the most intellectually stimulating films you have ever watched?
What are some good ways to get rid of belly fat?	What are some workout plans to lose belly fat?
What steps can I take to improve my writing skills?	How can one improve his writing skills?
How should I prepare for the IELTS?	How can I pass the IELTS?
Which business is best for a village?	What are the best business to do in villages?
How get can I rid of belly fat?	How do I get rid of belly fat and thigh fat?
What does stress feel like to psychopaths?	Do psychopaths feel stress?
Who has invented cellphones?	Who invented cellphones and when?
Why does my dog eat feces?	Why do dogs eat feces?
What is the purpose of the enlightenment?	What is the use of enlightenment?
My boyfriend doesn’t pay attention to me. What does that mean? What should I do?	Reason why your boyfriend does not pay attention to you?
What are soft skills?	what are the soft skills?
What should you do to make your dream come true?	What is the best way to make dreams come true?
How do I know whether a person is lying?	How do I know whether person is lying?
What are the best websites for making money online?	How can I make quick money online?
What do you think will be the effect of Modi Government's decision of invalidating the RS 500 and RS 1000 notes?	What are the possible implications of Demonetization of 500 and 1000 rupee notes?
What is the state of India's relationship with Israel?	What are the highlights of the relationship between India and Israel?
What are the basic concepts of insurance?	What are the characteristics of Insurance?
Which university is best in Germany for doing MS in Computer Science?	What are some good universities in Germany for masters in computer science?
How can I increase the traffic to a website?	How can I increase traffic on my blog?
Which is the best quickbooks auto data recovery support number?	Which is the best QuickBooks Tech Support Number in Texas?
Has life been found on any other planet?	Is there any other life existing except on Earth?
What do you like most about the Internet?	What do you like most about Internet?
How can someone improve my life?	How do I improve my life?
How can I meet our Prime Minister Mr. Narendra Modi in person?	Narendra Modi: How should I meet Modi?
What is one thing you want to do before you die?	What are the things you want to do before you die?
Does masturbation cause STD?	Does masturbation leads to std?
Who is the best footballer of all time & why?	Who is the best football player in the world and why?
What is your new year resolution for 2017 or goal for 2017?	What's your New Year 2017 resolution?
Why are so many people on Quora obsessed about IQ? It must surely top the list!	Why are so many people on Quora obsessed with IQ?
How do I be more street smart?	How can I become street smart?
What is your opinion on the demanding of the reservations in private sector?	What are your thoughts about proposals for reservation in the private sector?
How does Samsung fast charging work?	How does Samsung's adaptive fast charging work?
Do men have more sex drive than women?	Are women biologically programmed to think about sex less than men do?
What are the easy ways to earn money online?	How can I start to make money online?
What is the requirement to install kali linux 32 bit in pc?	How can I install Kali Linux in Windows XP?
How can I earn 10$ per day online?	How can I make 10 dollars a day online?
Can you really get out of the friendzone with a girl?	How do I get out of friend zone?
What is the negative impact of demonetisation of 500 and 1000 Rupee notes on the Indian economy?	Is this a right decision by Indian government to ban notes of 500 & 1000? What will be the positive and negative effect with it?
Who is the greatest tennis player of all time?	Who is the best tennis player of all time?
What is it like to be a pickpocket?	What is it like to be a professional pickpocket?
How could bringing in new 500 and 2000 rupee notes by the Indian govt eradicate black money?	How will the ban on 500 and 1000 rupee note stop black money?
When will a working nintendo 3DS emulator release ?	Is there a legal way to get a 3DS emulator for the PC?
Who is your favourite architect? Why?	Who is your favorite architect?
Why does light show the particle and wave both nature?	Why does light have a dual nature?
Can long distance relationships work out?	How do we can remain satisfied in a long distance relationship?
Why are most artificial personal assistants female?	Why do TTS or personal assistants like Siri come with a female voice?
What is your personal method for waking up early?	I can't wake up in the morning . What should I do to wake up early?
Can you see who views your Instagram videos?	How do I see who is viewing my Instagram videos?
How do I find angel investors for my startup?	How can I get an investor for my startup?
What are the best novels to read on Wattpad?	What are some good novels to read on Wattpad?
What is ultimate purpose of life?	What according to YOU is the purpose of life?
Why are Tamils supporting jallikattu sport?	Why are so many Tamilians supporting Jallikattu ?
What are good ways to fight against laziness?	How do I fight laziness?
What did I do wrong when my question is marked as "Needs Improvement"?	What should I do if Quora marks my question as "Needs Improvement"?
How to reduce my tummy?	How can I reduce my chubby tummy?
How do I stop a Pointer/Boxer mix puppy from chewing my shoes?	How do I stop my Pit Bull/English Bulldog mix from biting my shoes?
How do I recover password for Gmail password without security questions?	How do I reset my gmail password when I forgot without phone number and recovery mail?
How can I loose 5kgs weight in a week without exercise?	How can I loose weight naturally without exercise?
What are the best job boards to recruit in the Bay Area for retail jobs?	What are the top job boards in the Bay Area for retail?
How can I use my gift card online?	What is the best way to use gift cards online?
What is the most crucial lesson life has taught you so far?	What has your life taught you so far?
What are the upcoming movies of year 2017?	What are the expected best upcoming Hollywood movies in 2017?
What are some good online lectures on distributed systems concepts?	Is there a good online course on distributed systems?
How do I read palms?	How do you read palms?
Which products are more profitable in online sell?	Which products are most profitable to sell online?
What are some mind blowing phones gadgets?	What are some of the best phones gadgets?
Is it possible that Singapore will re-merge with Malaysia one day?	Is it possible that Singapore will be back to Malaysia in the future?
Who is the all in one astrologer in india?	Famous Astrologer in India?
Do men or women have a better orgasm?	Do women have better orgasms than men?
How do I hack a Whatsapp of another user without having access to their phone?	How can I read my husbands secret WhatsApp messages without using his phone?
Which is the best headphone under 3K INR?	What are the best headphones under Rs. 3000 available in India?
What is the best laptop under 30k for students?	What are the best laptops available under INR 30000 (30k)?
Is Instagram Stories a copyright infringement?	Does Instagram Stories infringe copyright or any other corporate laws with regards to Snapchat?
How can you find the purpose of human life?	How do we know the purpose of our life?
What are the things to do before die?	What are some good things to do before you die?
What is the cure for chronic eczema?	Are there any effective cures for eczema?
Can you pass a urine test for meth in 4 days?	Can you pass a urine test for meth in 6 months?
Do psychopaths believe they are superior to most?	Do you believe psychopaths are superior to empaths?
Is losing two pounds a week healthy?	Is losing 2 pounds a week safe?
Why will Brexit Happen?	Is Brexit likely to happen?
What are different ways to deal with social anxiety?	What are tips or helpful tools to combat social anxiety?
What is the valid reason for India only getting a few medals in the Olympics?	Why is India performing bad in Olympics?
What does it feel like to be a detective?	What is it like to be a detective?
What is your perception about Tails Operating system?	What are your views about Tails operating system?
What are your views about governments decision to stop flow of 1000 and 500 rupee notes.?	What do you think of the decision by the Indian government to demonetize 500 and 1000 rupee notes?
What are the best interview tips?	What are some good interview tips?
Why do I keep getting fleas from my dogs?	What are the best ways to keep dogs from getting fleas?
Has anyone had an encounter with a ghost in real life?	Has anyone ever seen a ghost in real life?
What is the best way to learn about stock market?	How do you join and start investing into the stock market?
What does "onomatopoeia" mean? What are some examples?	What is onomatopoeia? What are some examples?
Why is watching and playing snooker different?	Why is watching snooker different to playing snooker?
What are the applications that can use armature control to reduce speed and in the same time can use field control to reach the speed more than rated?	What are the applications that can use armature and field control in the same time in order to increase and decrease the speed?
What is some information about the government exam preparation?	What's the best way to be updated about government jobs or competitive exams about their dates and methods of preparation?
How do I get a mechanical engineering job?	How can I get a job in mechanical engineering?
How can I improve my answer quality on Quora?	How can I improve my answers?
What are the must watch movies (not documentaries) in the world that most of the people don't know?	What movies do you love that you think most people are unaware of?
Will Saina Nehwal win gold medel in Rio Olympics 2016?	Is India going to win any medals in Rio Olympics 2016?
Which college should I take considering the factors: KMC Manipal or KMC Mangalore?	Can someone make a brief comparison of KMC Manipal and Mangalore?
Why do dogs pee on vehicle tyres?	Why do dogs pee on tyres?
Where can I get Pokemon Go Level hack?	What are some of the Pokemon go hacks?
Which are the best headphones I can buy under ₹2000?	What are the best headphones under Rs. 2000 in India?
How can I learn cakephp?	What is the best way to learn cakephp?
How do I choose best laptop for programming?	What is the best laptop for a programmer?
How was Jayalalitha buried and not cremated being a Brahmin by birth?	Why was Jayalalitha buried and not cremated?
Why dogs tend to pee on the tyres of the parked vehicles?	Why do dogs pee on tyres?
I'm 20. I like a 25 years old girl. How do I ask her out?	I'm 17 years old. I like this 20 year old girl. How Do I ask her out?
Why can't we see any city lights when the ISS is on the dark side of the Earth?	How come I am unable to see city lights from the ISS live feed?
Why was Ellen DeGeneres awarded a Medal of Freedom?	Why did Ellen DeGeneres get the medal of freedom?
What was it like working with Johnny Depp?	What is it like to work with Johnny Depp?
Should I become a graphic designer?	Should I be a graphic designer?
Is there a way to convert an audio file (mp3 or wav) to a MIDI file?	How do you convert an MP3 file to a MIDI file?
Ashlee Vance: What are Elon Musk's political beliefs?	Ashlee Vance: What political ideology does Elon Musk subscribe to?
Can the existence of time machine is possible?	Is a working time machine possible in the future?
Height: How would a 14 year old increase his height?	Do running increase your height?
When I get paid by Paytm by someone how do I transfer it to my bank account?	How do I transfer Paytm balance to bank account?
How can a skinny guy gain weight and develop a fit body?	How can a skinny guy weighing 130 pounds gain 20-30 pounds of healthy weight in short time without supplements?
How can I learn java for android development?	Should I learn Java for Android development?
How dose a super moon work?	What is a super moon?
How do I delete my topics in Quora?	How do I Remove some topics from Quora?
How can I get rid of acne and scars?	How do I get rid of acne naturally?
How can I raise my self esteem?	How does I develop self confidence?
How successful is Swachh Bharat Abhiyan ?	Is Modi's Swachh Abhiyan working?
How do I get rid of my belly fat?	What should I eat to get rid of belly fat?
What's the most expensive meal you have ever had? Was it worth it?	What is the most expensive meal you have ever eaten?
How can I take advantage of compound interest?	How does one actually take advantage of compound interest?
Can an answer be collapsed just because it shows evidence of intelligence design in order to satisfy antitheist egos?	Can a question be collapsed only because it shows evidence of an Intelligence Design in order to satisfy antitheist egos and please the beast?
How can one ask for a raise?	Asking for a Raise?
What would happen if the earth was the size of the sun?	What would happen if Earth was as big as the Sun?
Why has the Modi Government banned the 500 and 1000 rupee notes?	Why did the Indian government develop a 1000 rupee note but developed 2000 rupee note?
Is it possible to prepare IAS and BANK exam at the same time?	Is it possible to prepare for IAS and bank exams at same time?
How do I write a good essay?	Why is it so hard to write an essay?
Are Mahabharata and Ramayana stories real?	Did both Ramayana and Mahabharata truly happen?
Where can I find a list of Air Canada flight cancellations online?	Where can I find a list of Air Canada flight cancellations?
I want to become rich. What should I do?	How do I become rich?
How can I reduce my belly fat in 2 months?	How can I reduce my Belly and tummy fat?
What Pakistan can learn from India?	What should Pakistan learn from India?
How do international cricketers deal with jet lag?	How do sports persons deal with jet lag?
Do you think that caste based reservation should be cancelled?	Can reservation for backward cast be cancelled?
How can I reduce tummy fat?	Which exercise is effective to reduce tummy and belly fat?
What are the reasons behind Chicago's high homicide rate?	Why are homicide rates so high in Chicago?
Can you get a Second hand high from smoke outside?	Can you get a second hand high from someone smoking weed outside?
How do I get funding for my idea of an app?	Where can I get funding for my idea?
How can I make money with Facebook traffic?	How do you make money on facebook?
How can I realistically make money online?	How can I earn money easily online?
How do you know if you cat loves you?	How can you tell if your cat really loves you?
What is the silliest question you have ever read on Quora?	Which is the silliest question ever asked?
How do I setup a minecraft server?	How do I make a multiplayer Minecraft server?
Why do people call the Aboriginals Australians indigenous when it's been proven they are direct descendants from Africa?	Why are aboriginals in Australia referred to as indigenous when they are descendants from Africa?
Is true love exist or not?	Does true love exist in the world?
Would you take a gap year between high school and college?	What do you think about a year or two gap between high school and college?
What is your new year resolution for 2017 or goal for 2017?	What can be my new year resolution for 2017?
When do we use the simple past tense?	How is the simple past tense used in sentences?
Should animals be used for testing drugs and medicines?	Should animals be used for testing medicines and drugs?
Will there be any technology in the future allowing people to live forever?	Can man live forever?
Is it possible to sustain life in other planets?	Is there life on other planets besides earth?
What are some ways people make money without adding value?	How did you make money fast?
How can I make my penis thicker?	How can I increse my penis size?
What advice would you give to your 29 year old self? Request	What advice would you give your 30 year old self?
How can someone hack my email?	How do you know if someone is hacking my email?
What is a reason for world war?	What causes war?
I am holding back many regrets of past. How can I let go of them?	How do I let go of regrets from the past and becoming older?
Why dont Indian Muslims join Indian army?	Why do very few Muslims seem to join the Indian Army?
If a war between India and China happens will India be able to win?	Who will win if India and China will go to war?
What is the Best pattern of answering multiple choice questions?	What is the Best pattern of answering multiple choice question?
Why do some people think that the Earth is flat when it is very clear that it is not?	Why do some people think Earth is flat?
What would happen if the earth was entirely made up of water?	What would happen if earth was made of only water?
What are all the places that I can visit in Chennai and around?	What are the places to visit in Chennai?
What is the difference between a talent manager and an agent?	What is the difference between a talent agent and a manager?
What are the places to see in Coorg?	Which are the must-visit places in Coorg?
What is the future in veterinary medicine?	What is the future of veterinary medicine?
Which Laptop can I buy under INR 25k?	What is the best everyday use laptop under INR 25k?
When will Cognizant start off campus for the freshers 2016-2017 batch?	When will Cognizant start off campus for the 2016 batch?
How do I contact supervisors for graduate admissions?	How do I contact professors for graduate admissions other than emails?
What are the best ways to lose weight fast?	How can I lose my weight fast?
How is Klinefelter syndrome diagnosed?	How is Klinefelter's Syndrome diagnosed?
Why do most tornadoes form in Tornado Alley?	Why do tornadoes occur in Tornado Alley?
How much is known about the release date of the new Apple MacBook Pro?	Will apple release a new MacBook Pro soon?
What is your DREAM of life?	What is the dream of your life?
What exactly is exploding in a nuclear bomb?	How exactly a nuclear bomb works?
What are the effects of demonitization of 500 and 1000 rupees notes on real estate sector?	How does the demonetized notes of 500 and 1000 effect the real estate?
What’s the difference between SEO and SMO?	What's the difference between SEO and SMO?
Is a firewall necessary?	What is a firewall? Is it necessary?
What happens to the matter that forms a black hole?	What happens to matter when it gets sucked by a black hole?
Why are many American Jews rich?	Why are Jews so rich?
How can you identify a metal?	How do you identify metals?
What is the best gift you have recieved from someone?	Which is the best gift that you have ever received?
How can I slim down my face?	Are there any creams or anything I can use to slim down my face?
Can any girl squirts during sex?	Do all women squirt during sex?
What are some ways to reset my iPhone 5's voicemail password?	How do I reset my iPhone voicemail password?
Is it possible to gain height after 20?	How can I gain height at age 20?
Why does this app is named as "Quora"?	Why was Quora named "Quora"?
How do I earn more money through internet/online?	How do I earn money from the Internet?
How will Trump Presidency affect an atheist in a Muslim country who's contemplating to pursue a PhD in the US?	How is the victory of Donald Trump going to affect the international students aspiring to pursue their Masters in US?
How do you raise your self-esteem?	How can someone improve their self-esteem?
What is the difference between photography and holography?	What are the difference between photography and holography?
Who will be a better president Donald Trump or Hillary Clinton?	Who is better among Hillary Clinton and Donald Trump?
How do I prepare for UGC NET English Literature exam?	How do I prepare for Net JRF in English literature?
Who was the first emperor of India?	Who was the first emperor of a united India?
What is a good way to become motivated?	What is the best way to keep yourself always motivated?
What do you think of Mr. Modi's decision to discontinue Rs 500 and 1000 currencies as of midnight November 8th?	What would be effect of 500 and 1000 Rs notes ban?
Is it true that there is life after death?	What are the theories as to what happens after death?
What was the kindest thing you have ever done to someone?	What is the kindest thing you have ever done for a stranger?
Is it possible to stop masturbating?	How can I stop doing masturbation?
How do I make a fantasy world?	How do I create my fantasy world?
Will deafness be cured?	How can deafness be cured?
What were the major causes for the fall of the Roman Empire?	What are the reasons for the collapse of Roman Empire?
Which are the best set of books for SSC CGL G.K. and English?	Which books should I prefer for ssc cgl 2016 tier 1 for self study?
How do you make a collage on a computer?	How can you make a collage of pictures on a computer?
What is procedural language? How is it best used?	What is the difference between a procedural language and a programming language?
What are the best ways to lose weight fast?	What is the best way to burn fat fast?
How "real" are television cooking series like Chopped or Cutthroat Kitchen?	How "real" are television cooking series like Chopped or Cutthroat Kitchen and how does people win in those shows?
Which are the best movies in the world?	What are the best movies of all time?
How can we eliminate food waste?	What is the best way to reduce food waste?
Why Average revenue curve called demand curve?	Why is the average revenue curve the same as the demand curve?
What should I do to earn money online?	How can we earn money online without investment?
What are some of the types of frictions?	What are some of the types of friction?
Should hamsters eat popcorn?	Can hamsters eat honey? Why or why not?
What are some websites that teach hacking for free?	How can I learn hacking for free?
What is the best way to fund an idea?	How can you get VCs to fund you if you just have an idea?
How do I get off Quora?	How do you get out of Quora?
What are the best earphones under 1000Rs?	Which earphone is best under 1000?
Why is my period a week late?	Whu is my period 3 weeks late?
Who is more powerful: prime minister or president?	What are the powers of prime minister of India?
How to gain weight ?	How can gain my weight?
What is the meaning of the phrase "you can't see the forest for the trees"?	What does the saying mean to you? You can't see the forest for the trees?
Will the army help me remove my visible tattoos?	Will the army help me remove my tattoos?
Can I get pregnant through oral sex?	Can I Get Pregnant From Oral Sex?
Are presidents forced to live in the white house?	Could a President legally refuse to live in the White House?
Is the conspiracy theory about shape-shifting reptilian people on earth true?	Reptilian Race: Is there anyone else on earth who thinks that the shape-shifting lizards exist?
What should I have to do to make my english and communication skills perfect?	How can I improve my communication skill and English proficiency?
Can a person with average intelligence become a doctor?	Can a person with average marks become a great doctor?
Why teachers are aggressive to some students?	Why teachers are so aggressive to some students?
Do pinhole glasses improve vision?	Can pinhole hole glasses improve my eyesight?
Can Donald Trump overturn gay marriage?	Will gay marriage be overturned with Donald Trump as President?
Why do the flames from a fire go upward?	Why does the flame of fire always go upward?
How can one root android devices?	How do I root my android to do everything?
What actually is the purpose of life?	What's the purpose of life? What is life actually about?
Who do you think will win the U.S. election in November?	Who do you think is going to win the 2016 presidential election?
What are your inspirations to write?	What inspires you to write?
Why is it not technically feasible for a smartphone user to delink an old phone number from an application even if they don't utilize the old number?	Why is there no smartphone application that will allow the user to delink their old phone number even if they no longer utilize that number?
Is World War III coming?	How likely is World War III in the future?
What are the puzzles asked in interview?	What are the common puzzles asked in an interview?
What are some symptoms of a bad idle air control sensor?	How do you know if you have a bad idle air control valve?
Why do people think they are always right?	Why do the people think that He/She is always right?
What's your favorite animal?	What is your favorite animal and why?
What purpose do you find in life?	What's the sole purpose of life?
I had a bar code for Jio sim but now it's showing REDEEMED what should I do?	Jio coupon code redeemed but sim is not activated (NO SIGNAL) . Why?
What's the future of JavaScript?	What is the future of JavaScript?
Can time travel ever be possible?	Is time travel possible after the discovery of gravitational waves?
What do Russians think about the ban of Russian Olympians and Paralympians from Rio?	What do Russians think about the Rio ban?
Which is the most overrated answer on Quora?	What are some most overrated answers in Quora?
What is humanity? What is human rights?	What are human rights?
Why are there so few women in engineering?	Why are there so few female engineers?
What are some tips for success in medical school?	What are some tips for a medical student about medical school?
How can I hack someone's Wi-Fi password?	How do I crack the Wi-Fi password?
How could I start my business?	What are some ways to start a business?
What's the difference between social anxiety disorder and avoidant personality disorder?	What's the difference between social anxiety and avoidant personality disorder?
What are some interesting things to learn in psychology?	What is the most interesting thing you learned in/about human psychology?
What are some facts about Canada?	What are five facts about Canada?
How do I learn to ask the right questions?	How does one master the art of asking the right questions?
How can I gain weight as a teenager?	How do I gain weight as a teenager?
What are the causes of boredom and the best practice to get rid of it psychologically?	What is the best thing to do to get rid of boredom?
Who is right in the Israel and Palestine conflict?	Which side is right in the Israel-Palestine conflict?
How does working as an underwater welder affect long term? How dangerous is it and how hard is it on your body?	Is it dangerous to be an underwater welder?
Do autistic people know they are autistic?	Do people with autism know that they have autism?
How do I start my own TV channel in the US?	How can I start internet TV channel?
How does the eye work?	How do eyes work?
What are the films with most nude scenes?	What movie has the most nude scenes?
How do you replace a Fossil watch battery?	How do you replace a battery in a Fossil watch?
Is Edward Snowden a hero?	Is Edward Snowden a hero or traitor?
What are the best incest movies ever?	Which are the top incest movies ever?
What happens if earth starts orbiting around the sun in the opposite direction?	What will happen if the earth starts to rotate and revolute around the sun in the opposite direction? Would life and our thoughts go backwards?
What is the best book on philosophy that you have ever read?	Which is the the best philosophy book you have ever read?
How is life unfair?	Why is life so unfair for some people?
Is it possible to hack someone's cellphone without getting the phone physically in your hands?	How could you hack someones phone without touching it?
If I don't add phone number and recovery mail address to my gmail ID how can I reset my password?	How do I reset my Gmail password with a different phone number if I don’t remember my recover email accent?
What are the all time best English songs?	Which are some of the best all time English songs?
What are the best web design companies in London?	What are the best web design firms in London?
What if the world lost oxygen for 5 seconds?	If the Earth lost its oxygen for 5 seconds what would happen upon its return?
How do you think university teachers separate teaching from the examinations?	How do you think university teachers separate teaching from examination?
What life lessons can we learn from Game of Thrones?	What life lessons does Game of Thrones teach us?
Why is the the Indian Ocean named as such?	Why was the Indian Ocean named after India?
How was the Apple iPhone 7 launch event?	How was the September 2016 Apple event?
Which operational amplifier configuration gives unity gain?	Which opamp gives unity gain?
How do you get rid of 'super lice'?	How do I get rid of lice from head?
What are good online resources of learning Hebrew?	What is the best course online or program to learn Hebrew?
Can I redeem my Jio SIM code?	How can I redeem my Jio code?
What's the best way to make my website responsive?	How do I make my website responsive?
Can a dog get pregnant without sex?	Can a dog get pregnant without intercourse?
What is the best way to learn a different language?	What's the best way to learn any language?
How do I travel for free?	What is the best way to travel for free?
What is life in prison like?	What is jail/prison really like?
Can you find someone with a picture?	How do I find out someone's name by a picture?
What is the name of China's intelligence agency?	What is the name of the Chinese intelligence agency?
Have you ever seen a ghost while going in a car?	Have you ever seen or experienced a ghost in "India"?
Which is the best smartphones below 9k?	What is the Best smartphone around 9k?
Why does school matter?	Why does school matter so much?
What are the advantages and disadvantages of GST bill?	What are the advantages & Disadvantages of GST bill?
I am an Indian student going to the US in Fall 2016. How bad will it be for international students if Trump gets elected as President?	How would it affect Indian students studying/working in the US if Trump becomes the President?
What materials are used in the making of fleece?	What materials are used to make fleece?
What's the meaning of life?	What is the meaning of this life?
How do I get into ISRO?	How one can get a job in ISRO?
How does wine best describe moral philosophy as a whole?	Can wine be a word that describes philosophy as a whole? How?
What are the attractions of Munnar?	What are the best places to visit in Munnar?
Does long distance relationship work?	How can I maintain my long distance relationship to the best of my ability?
What do you think about the rapist Donald Trump?	What do you think about Donald Trump in September?
What is best way to earn money without working hard?	What can I do to earn money lot without working hard?
What are some of the best sex stories?	What are the most interesting sex stories?
How did Donald Trump become president?	How did Donald trump won US presidential election 2016?
Why mens cheat?	Why do men like to cheat?
What are the best books for preparation for CAT?	What are the section-wise best books to prepare for CAT?
What are some of the best ways to break out my comfort zone?	How can I make myself to get out of my super comfort zone?
Do humans have a homeworld in Star Wars?	Where do humans come from in the Star Wars universe?
Pick-up artist bootcamps in india?	Is there any pick up artist bootcamp in India?
How can I successfully get multiple streams of income?	Can a person realistically create multiple streams of income?
What are some outstanding indian short films?	What are some must-watch Indian short movies/films?
Why is watching snooker different to playing snooker?	Why's watching snooker always different to playing it myself?
How can I make up an English name?	How can I make an English name?
How much of your personality can you change?	Can your personality change?
How did India get independence after Pakistan?	How did Pakistan get independence before India?
How can I change my life completely in the next 30 days?	What can I do for 30 minutes a day that can change my life?
What are the best books for learning mathematics?	What is the best book for mathematics?
What is the best flavour of condom?	Which flavour of condom is best?
Is Pakistan a beautiful Country?	Is Pakistan a beautiful country to visit?
What is the most important question of your life?	What was the most interesting question you have ever asked?
What is the oldest known joke?	What are some of the oldest recorded jokes?
What is the best answer for tell me about yourself in an interview?	What is the best way to describe myself in an interview?
What are payday loans?	What are the best Payday loans to acquire?
How do smart and successful people control their emotions?	How do I control emotions..Like Heart Breaking emotions?
Why do people write questions on Quora that could be answered with a quick web search?	Why do so may people ask questions on Quora that can easily be found by a simple Google searh?
What are some examples of lampoons?	What are some examples of lampoon?
What are some arguments against utilitarianism?	What are the main drawbacks of utilitarianism?
What is the development language used by SAP HANA?	2.What is the development language used by SAP HANA?
What are the best books to read to learn about human psychology?	Which Is the best book on psychology?
How do pharmaceuticals companies come up with such strange brand names?	How do the pharmacy companies come up with the brand names for their medicines?
how do I delete questions from quora?	How can I delete my own question from Quora?
Would you use a food service where home chefs would offer their dish of the day and then deliver it straight to your home?	Would you use a food service where home chefs would offer their dish of the day and deliver it to a pick up and drop off point or with home delivery?
Who invented pen?	Who invented the pen? How was it invented?
How can I download an MP3 from YouTube onto an MP3 player?	How can download YouTube playlist as mp3?
How does obesity cause hypertension?	How is obesity related to hypertension?
How can the atomic number of an atom be calculated?	What is the atomic number of an atom determined by?
What is the minimum penis size a 'size queen' prefers?	What penis size do women prefer?
What is a cost of one Indian railway coach sleeper non AC?	What is the fare of booking whole Non AC Sleeper class coach in Indian Railways?
How do people who are born deaf learn the language we usually talk?	How do deaf people learn how to talk?
Do any girls find man boobs attractive?	Do girls like man boobs?
Why do we have to care about what people think?	Why do we care for others' opinion and about what others think about us?
How have people become millionaires before 25?	How do I become a millionaire before the age of 30 in the UK?
Should I include other skills in my resume when applying to development job?	Should I include other skills in my resume when applying to a development job?
Is it wise decision to tell about my ADHD to my parents?	Is it okay to tell my parents about my ADHD?
What are some best Indian novels?	What are some good Indian novels?
Can I get pregnant a week after my cycle?	Is it possible to get pregnant before your regular period?
what is time travel?	What exactly is time travelling?
How can we earn money online in india?	How can I earn money online from home only?
How do I get my own personal email for free?	How do I get my own personal email?
How do I get over a breakup?	What are the steps one goes through getting over a breakup?
How do I prepare for the GATE Metallurgy 2018?	How do I prepare for gate metallurgy 2018?
What are the best simple ways to loose weight?	What are the best was to lose weight?
What are the best undergraduate engineering schools in the U.S.?	What are the top engineering universities in the U.S.?
How can I stop temptation to watch porn?	How do I stop addiction to porn?
How can I slowly lose weight?	What's the best plan to lose weight?
What is the best Royal Enfield bike?	Which Royal Enfield bike is best?
How do you celebrate Diwali?	How will you celebrate diwali?
Which is the polymorph of Esomeprazole Magnesium used to make Nexium?	Which polymorph of Esomeprazole Magnesium is used to make Nexium??
Should I block third-party cookies?	Is it a good idea to block all third party cookies?
What qualities are required for a mechanical engineer?	What are the qualities for a mechanical engineer?
Which is the best treatment for keratoconus?	What are the best treatments for keratoconus?
What are the best places to chill/ hang out in Bangalore with friends?	What are some good places in Bangalore to hang out with friends?
What dangers could accure when visiting the deep web?	How truly dangerous is the deep web?
How can a high schooler start research in computer science?	What are some good high school computer science research projects I can do?
What is smart grid and its advantages?	What is a smart grid?
Why is software testing necessary?	Why do we need software testing?
How will the scrapping of Rs 500 and Rs 1000 notes help in reducing black money and corruption?	How will banning the present 500/1000 notes fight black money if it can be exchanged?
Which is your favourite song?	What is your personal favourite song and why?
What is your inspiration?	Who is your inspiration?
How can excessive masturbation lead to low sperm count?	Does masturbation in males lead to sexual infertility?
Is it good to drink milk after exercising?	Is there any good or bad effect of drinking milk after working out?
How can I get free funds for my startup ideas?	How can I get funds for my business idea?
Is the Bible in the fiction or non-fiction section in a library?	Do libraries put the Bible in fiction or non fiction?
How do I get rid of a very bad stage fright?	What are the best ways to overcome stage fright?
What's your favorite color?	What's your favourite colour?
Why do I get hiccups when I eat rice?	Why do I get hiccups after eating food everytime?
It is true that Dr. Jose Rizal is the father of Adolf Hitler?	Is there a possibility that Dr. Jose Rizal is the father of Hitler?
How do I reduce work stress?	How do you reduce stress at work?
How do I prepare for IIT JAM MATHEMATICS 2018?	What is the best way to prepare for IIT Jam Mathematics?
Dr J Jayalalitha was famous in Tamil Nadu. Why?	Why was Jayalalithaa so famous in Tamil Nadu?
What are the most funny and interesting facts you know about Animals?	What are some facts you know about animals?
Where do I dump old gasoline?	Is there a good way to dispose of old stale gasoline?
Which os is best for hacking?	Which os is good for hacking?
What is the use of the singleton class?	What is singleton class in java?
What is the likely stopping power from a 50AE Desert eagle?	What is the Stopping power from a 50cal Desert eagle with a 300 grain Hollow point?
How should I prepare for IAS? Which books and online sources should I refer for its preparation?	How should I prepare for IAS? Which books and online sources should I refer for the preparation?
What are the benefits of Kamagra soft tablets?	What are the benefits of Kamagra?
What has been your worst mistake ever?	What is the worst mistake of your life?
What is the best way to learn chess?	How do I play chess?
How can I add a question with picture on Quora?	How can I add pictures on Quora?
What is the best way of improving english vocabulary?	What is the easiest way to improve my vocabulary?
How do I become an entrepreneur?	What are the skills required to be a successful entrepreneur?
Why do people try to ask silly questions on Quora rather than googling it?	Why do some people ask questions on Quora that could easily be answered by using a search engine?
What are the scopes of biotechnology?	What are the future trends in biotechnology?
How can I lose 5lbs in 2 weeks?	What are some alternative ways to lose 5 pounds in 2 weeks?
Why is competition good for a consumer?	Why is competition good for consumers and businesses?
How can I slowly lose weight?	How do I reduce my weight?
What is the best everyday use laptop under INR 25k?	What kind of laptop is best under INR 25K?
What is a heat pump?	What is heat pump?
How can I immigrate to USA?	How can I immigrate to the US?
Is it possible to tell if someone has a mental illness just by looking at them?	Is it possible to discern mental illness in someone by simply observing them?
How do I prepare for BITSAT-2017?	How do I prepare for BITSAT 2017 seriously?
Could Donald Trump be the Antichrist?	Is Trump the anti-Christ?
What are five examples of a chemical change?	What is a chemical change? What are some examples?
What is the biggest misconception atheists have about Christianity?	What are some misconceptions that atheists have about Christians?
How do I prepare for the XAT? What are some suggested books?	Which is the best book to prepare for xat?
How do I recover my permanently deleted emails in Gmail?	How do I recover permanently deleted emails in gmail?
How and when ISS was send to space?	How was ISS sent to space?
What is the difference between suite and tuxedo?	What is the difference between a tuxedo and a normal suit?
How can one become a United Nations leader/ diplomat?	How do I become a United Nations diplomat?
How can I beat procrastination?	How should I avoid procrastination?
What is the average package and rate of placement of B Des from IIT Bombay or IIT Guwahati?	What is the average package and rate of placement of B.Des from IIT Bombay or IIT Guwahati and its scope in the future?
What are some of the best schools in Bangalore?	Which is the best school in Bangalore?
Which are some of the best comic books?	Which is the best comic book?
How to creat a blog on quora?	How can I create a blog on Quora?
How can I reduce my Belly and tummy fat?	What should I eat to get rid of belly fat?
What is the difference between responsive and adaptive design?	What is the difference of responsive website design and adaptive website design?
How can I become an intelligence analyst?	What is the best way to become an intelligence analyst?
How can I become a millionaire on Amazon? What products can I sell between 150 to 350?	How can I become a millionaire on Amazon?
What is the strangest thing that you have ever experienced?	Whats the strangest experience you have ever had?
How money in swiss bank will be affected by scrapping of 500 and 1000 rupees notes?	Will the corrupt politicians still have their black money safe in Swiss Bank even after the scrapping of old Rs 500 and Rs 1000 note?
Where does consciousness come from?	Where does conciousness come from?
Who is Marina Abramović?	Who Is/Was X?: Who is Marina Abramovic?
What would be the best day of your life?	What is the Best Day of your life till date?
What is the safest city in the United States?	What are the safest cities in the United States?
What are stars made of?	What are stars made of in order for them to shine?
What does a girl find in a guy?	What do girls like in a guy?
What phone should I buy under Rs 15000?	Which mobile phone is the best under 15k?
What advantages do men have over women?	What advantages do men have that women don't have and what advantages do women have that men don't have?
How should I write blog?	How do I create a blog?
What does it feel like to have sex with someone?	What does vaginal sex feel like?
What is the logic behind scrapping of 500 and 1000 rupee notes by the Indian Government?	Why did GOI demobilise 500 and 1000 rupee notes?
What should I know before investing in bitcoin?	Why should I buy Bitcoin?
How can I get started using Quora?	How do I start using Quora?
Which is better CA or MBA?	Which is better CA or an MBA?
Is there any Nano technology GPS tracking features in new 500 & 2000 rupee notes to be released by Reserve Bank of India?	The Newly Introduced 2000 Rupees and 500 Rupees notes are enabled with NGC Technology (Nano GPS Chip) ? Did any country introduced such currency?
What is the best way to quit meth cold turkey?	Are there any substantial way to quit meth?
How is India's relationship with Myanmar?	What is India's relationship with Myanmar?
How and where do I start machine learning ?	When Should I start machine learning?
Why is it important to forgive?	How important is forgiveness?
What evidence would convince atheists that God exists?	How would you convince me of the existence of God knowing that I'm an atheist?
What is it like to be raised by Indian mother?	What is it like to be raised by an Indian mother?
Which has been the biggest political scam in India till date?	What is the biggest scam in India?
How could I improve my English pronunciation?	How can I continue to improve my English?
Is it a good decision to ban currency of 500 and 1000? Is it really going to block all the black money? Does the decision affects Swiss money too?	Is it a good decision to ban currency of 500 and 1000?
What are the similarities and connections between Buddhism and Advaita Vedanta?	What are the similarities between Advaita vedanta and Buddhism in theory and practice?
Do I need to know gradient descent for Linear Regression?	Why is it important to learn gradient descent in machine learning?
How is replacing 1000 rs notes with 2000 rs notes going to make black money hoarding a lot harder?	How is discontinuing 500 and 1000 rupee note going to put a hold on black money in India?
Which programming language do you think is the most useful?	What are the most useful programming languages?
Why are Samsung phones catching fire?	What are the technical reasons behind Samsung phones catching fire?
What are the safety precautions on handling shotguns proposed by the NRA in Oklahoma?	What are the safety precautions on handling shotguns proposed by the NRA in Kansas?
Why do I get the message when I try to send my question out: ‘this user cannot currently receive requests to answer’?	Why am I getting the message: user is not currently able to receive requests to answer?
Can a physicist become an engineer?	Can a physicist be an engineer?
When was the last time you were truly happy?	When was the last time you felt happy and satisfied?
What is it like for an Indian to live in Japan?	What is it like for an Indian to live and settle down in Japan?
DId something exist before the Big Bang?	What existed before the Big Bang?
What are the top blogs?	What are the best blogs?
How will you understand what do you want life?	How do you know what to do with your life if you don't know what you want in life?
How can a person become an intellectual person?	How do I become an intellectual person?
How did Donald Trump manage to win the 2016 US election?	How is Donald Trump winning?
How can you track a person by their cell phone number?	How can you track and identify phone number owners?
How do you quarry your own stone?	Can I quarry my own stone?
Can you write a review on Suicide Squad for me?	What is your review of Suicide Squad?
Could the U.S slowly take over the world?	How could the U.S. take over the world?
What is the best mobile game?	What are the best mobile games and why?
How should India respond to Pakistan regarding the recent attack in Uri?	How should India respond to Pakistan on recent URI attack?
Which is the best food to gain weight?	Which food is the best to gain weight?
When is the world going to the end?	Will the world end?
How can I get an internship at IISc?	How does one get a research internship at IISc?
Which is known as a pink city of India?	Which city is known as the pink city of India?
How will the ban of old 500 and 1000 rs notes help in bringing out the black money?	Will the demonetization of the Rs 500/1000 notes in India actually help to curb black money? Or do the rich store their untaxed cash?
How can I last for a longer time during sex?	I am a 20 year old male. How can I last longer during sex?
Why do stars twinkle?	Why we can feel stars twinkling?
How can I stop my dog from humping my furniture?	How do I stop my American Staffy/Kelpie mix from humping my furniture?
Does skipping increase height?	What are the ways to gain height?
[SPOILERS] What is the plot summary of Harry Potter and the Cursed Child (2016 play)?	Can I get a good summary of Harry Potter and the cursed child?
How do I get started with online marketing?	How can I start with online marketing?
What would happen if Donald Trump becomes president?	What would be some pros and cons of Donald Trump becoming president?
What are some best ways to earn money without monetary investment or fixed regular job?	What can I do to earn money lot without working hard?
What comparisons can be drawn between Greek and norse myth?	What are some similarities between Greek and Norse mythology?
How can I reduce my belly fat in 2 months?	How can I reduce belly fat and overall weight?
How can one overcome procrastination?	How can I overcome the procrastination?
Does Hillary Clinton think she can pardon herself once she's in office?	Will impeachment stop Hillary Clinton from pardoning herself once she's in office?
How is it like to be inside a kangaroo's pocket (pouch)?	What is it like to be inside a kangaroo's pouch?
Who advised Modi to demonetize 500 and 1000 rupee notes?	Who advised PM Modi about the strategy of ceasing 500 & 1000 currency notes?
How do I improve my English speaking?	How can I improve my spoken English?
What would happen if Donald Trump became our next President?	Donald trump: what could happen if Donald Trump becomes president?
What did you do to get into Carnegie Mellon?	What did you do in high school to get into Carnegie Mellon?
Do you think we can come up with time travel into the future and the past?	Can we travel back in time or to the future?
How do you stop a German Shepherd/Golden Retriever mix puppy from chewing your shoes?	How do I stop my Chihuahua from biting my shoes?
What is some information about the government exam preparation?	Where can I get complete information about the upcoming government exams?
How can I sell my own painting?	How can I sell my paintings?
Why is Fibbonaci series important?	Why is fibbonaci series so important?
What is the biggest problems in booking event places in Nigeria?	What are the biggest problems in booking event places in Nigeria?
What are the requirements to be a video game designer?	What are basic requirements to become a video game developer?
What are the career options after obtaining an MSc in mathematics?	What can I do after msc in mathematics?
How do I logout from Quora?	How do I logout from Quora app?
How do you upgrade a Straight Talk phone?	How can I change Straight Talk phones?
How do people who suddenly become rich handle friends and family who borrow/ask for money?	How do rich/successful people deal with friends and family asking for money?
How did Donald trump win?	How did Donald Trump win the election?
Republicans: What are your opinions on the first Trump-Clinton Presidential debate?	According to polls who won the first Clinton-Trump presidential debate?
How can I increase my presence of mind?	Is there any way to develop my presence of mind?
What is the best way to save money while shopping?	Can you save money by shopping wisely?
What are some mind blowing technology inventions that most people dont know?	What are some inventions and technology that everyone should know?
What are the safety precautions on handling shotguns proposed by the NRA in Minnesota?	What are the safety precautions on handling shotguns proposed by the NRA in North Dakota?
How do office managers solve IT problems?	How do office managers solve their IT problems?
What would your husband do if he found out you were cheating on him?	How would your husband react if he found out you were cheating on him?
How can I open my Facebook account I forgot my password and Gmail?	How can I log in to Facebook if I forgot my email?
What are some mind blowing facts about Yahoo?	What are some mind-blowing facts about Yahoo?
Can I be pregnant while having a missed period?	Can one be pregnant without having a missed period?
How can I get up early in the morning?	How could I wake up early in the morning?
Why do people become addicted to alcohol and drugs?	Why are people addicted to alcohol and or other drugs?
How can we earn money online without investment?	How can I earn money on internet?
Does a girl get pregnant after giving a blowjob to a boy?	Can a girl get pregnant by eating sperm?
Why is Saltwater Taffy candy imported in Poland?	Why is Saltwater taffy candy imported in Czech Republic?
Where can I get a legit hacker?	Where can I find a professional hacker?
Did the Obama administration make race relations better or worse?	Did President Obama make race relations better or worse during his Presidency?
Is MacBook good for coding and development?	How good is a MacBook for coding?
How do I increase my decision making power?	How can I improve quick decision making skills?
What are inspirational movies to watch?	Which are the most inspirational movies?
What would be the first thing you do as a zombie apocalypse survivor?	What would be the first thing you would do on hearing the news on TV of a zombie apocalypse outbreak in your country?
Is higher education valuable?	Why Higher Education is important for students?
How difficult is to crack a CAT exam?	Is CAT difficult to crack?
What is it like to live and work in Dubai?	How's working In Dubai?
What is social equality? How much do we really have?	What is social equality?
User Loyalty: What are the first 5 websites you sign onto everyday?	What websites do you use everyday?
Will we ever achieve immortality?	Do you think mankind will ever achieve immortality?
How does one start a hedge Fund?	How can I start a hedge fund after college?
What is a vector?	WHAT is really a vector?
What is to be fallen in love with your best friend?	Love: What is it like to fall in love with your best friend?
What are the best simple ways to loose weight?	What are the best things to do when working on losing weight?
Is World War 3 closer than it has ever been?	Will there be a World War III soon?
Why doesn’t anybody answer my questions on Quora?	Why do people never answer my question on Quora?
Which is the best time for studying?	What is the best time to study?
What's the purpose of a human life?	What's our purpose of life in this world?
How can I travel the world for free?	What is the best way to travel around the world for free?
Why many of the Indians use the phrase when something goes out of order, "Majboori ka naam Mahatma Gandhi"?	What are the origins of the Hindi phrase "Majboori Ka Naam Gandhiji"?
How should I study in MBBS?	How do I study MBBS with encouragement?
What are the best ways of gaining fat?	How do I gain fat?
Do distance relationships work? How can you make it work?	How can long distance relationships be successful?
What are some projects a mechanical engineer can take up for his/her B.Tech Major Project?	What would be some final year projects for mechanical engineering B.Tech students?
What products should I use to get rid of acne quickly?	How do I get rid of my acne and get nice skin?
Why is Kyrgyzstan cuisine underrated in America?	Why is KrygnzCuisine underrated in America?
Why is the Indian education system worthless?	What is wrong with the Indian education system?
Are Ramayana and Mahabharata real?	Did both Ramayana and Mahabharata truly happen?
Why do minions love bananas?	Why are the Minions crazy for bananas?
What are your new year resolutions for 2017?	What are some new year resolutions for 2017?
How can I memorize quickly?	How do you memorize faster for my exam tomorrow?
Why haven't we seen Jack Nicholson in any film lately?	Why isn't Jack Nicholson doing movies?
Can Hrithik Roshan ever play James Bond?	Would Bollywood star Hrithik Roshan make a good James Bond?
Does Aleve help relieve menstrual cramps?	How does Aleve help relieve menstrual cramps?
What's the difference between infatuation and real love?	How do I make out difference between infatuation and love ?
What is an average IRC redemption rate?	What is a typical IRC redemption rate?
What are tracer rounds? Are they legal for the public to possess in the state of Colorado?	What are tracer rounds? Are they legal for the public to possess in the state of Hawaii?
Why do people bother to ask questions on Quora they could just google to get the answer?	Why do some people ask questions on Quora that could be asked directly to a search engine ?
What new thing did you learn about life today?	Life teaches you new things everyday. What did you learn today?
Is it illegal to manufacture / replicate imported equipment?	Is it illegal to manufacture to replicate imported equipment?
What was your strategy for ethics or GS paper 4 in UPSC examination?	What was your strategy for GS paper IV (ethics) for UPSC Mains examination?
Is it true tat the new 2000 denomination currency has some Nano GPS chip? Or is it a rumour?	Is it real that new currency note in India will have GPS chips?
What are some conspiracies that turned out to be true?	Are there any conspiracy theories that are probably true? Any conspiracy theories that turned out to be true?
Who invented WiFi?	Who invented WiFi? How did this invention impact the world?
Why is NDTV banned?	Why was NDTV banned for 24 hours?
What is the connection between poverty and terrorism?	Is poverty the a key reason for terrorism?
Why aboriginal people in the arctic is not as white skin as European?	Why is it that the tribal people living in the Arctic in North America are not white like Europeans?
Which are the famous historical places in Chhattisgarh?	Where are the historical places in Chhattisgarh?
Which is currently the best rom for Redmi 1s?	Which is the best ROM for a Redmi 1S?
What does it mean if your right eye is twitching?	What are the causes of Eye Twitching? Any brisk remedies?
What are good way to create a web page?	Which is best way to create a web page?
Empathy: How can I not be too much empathetic?	Empathy: How can I stop being very much empathetic?
Did RBI confirm that GPS chips have been used in new 2000 rupees notes?	Do the new ₹2000 notes really have GPS chips or something similar?
Why is J JAYALALITHA is like a God in Tamil Nadu? What is the reason behind this popularity?	Why was Jayalalithaa so famous in Tamil Nadu?
What would happen to everything on earth if the earth started rotating on its side like Uranus?	What would change if the Earth spun on its side like Uranus?
Can I use Jio in iPhone 5s?	How can I use a Jio SIM on iPhone 5s?
How should India respond to Pakistan regarding the recent attack in Uri?	How should India respond to the latest Pakistani terrorist attack in Uri?
What is the name of your book?	What would be the name of your book?
What are your worst experiences in a movie theatre?	What was your worst experience in at a movie theatre?
How can I become an expert in artificial intelligence?	How do I become an Artificial Intelligence expert?
How can I upload profile picture on Quora?	How can I put up my profile photo on my Quora?
What is the difference between CrPC and IPC?	What's the difference between IPC and CrPC?
What is funniest joke you've ever heard?	Which is the funniest joke you've ever heard?
How can one add more than 300 characters to the question details in Quora?	How do I get to use more than 300 characters when asking questions on Quora?
Instant Call! |! ^1800::251::4919 ^! |! Avast Antivirus Tech Support Customer care Service Phone Number?	What is Avast Antivirus tech support number?
What are some reasons one should vote for Trump?	Are there any legitimate reasons why one would vote for Donald Trump?
What is the best way to propose to your crush?	How can I propose to my crush?
How can I lose weight loss?	How do I lose 5 kg weight within 7 days?
How would demonetizing 500 and 1000 rupee notes and introducing new 2000 rupee notes help curb black money and corruption?	How will issuing of new 2000 Rs notes help curb black money and corruption?
What exactly is network marketing?	What is network marketing exactly?
Is Daniel Tosh funny? Why or why not?	Is Daniel Tosh funny?
What are some of the best games for Android?	What are the best Android games of all time with great graphics?
What natural foods are best for weight gain?	Can any one suggest the best foods for gaining weight?
How do you keep mind from churning negative thoughts?	How do stop my mind from thinking repetitive negative thoughts?
How one can write answers anonymously on Quora?	How do I write anonymous answers in Quora?
What C++ book will be helpful for competitive programming?	How do I learn C++ for competitive programming?
What is the difference between a good kisser and a bad kisser?	What defines a good kisser?
How can I learn to speak English well in non-English environment?	How can I learn to speak English well in a non English environment?
Which country was conquered/occupied the most throughout its history?	What is the most frequently conquered and occupied piece of land in history?
What would happen if a presidential candidate were to die the day or week before an election?	What will happen if Hillary and Donald Trump dies before the election?
Why are televisions and laptop computer screens rectangular in shape?	Why are televisions all roughly the same shape?
How do I see who viewed my Instagram video?	How can you tell who has viewed Instagram videos?
What are the best new inventions that most people don't know about?	What are the best new products or inventions that most people don't know about?
To whom should I contact in Uber to attach my car in Mumbai?	How do I attach my car with Uber Mumbai?
What is the best vegan food?	What is best vegan food in world?
Why is the birth rate in Italy so low?	Why does Italy have a low birth rate?
Why do even mermaids whine?	Why do mermaids whine?
Which is the best perfume for a girl?	What are some of the best perfumes for women?
What are the weaknesses of durkheim? Request	What are the weaknesses of durkheim?
Can I learn guitar in 2 months?	Can I learn guitar within 2 months?
What phone should I buy under Rs 15000?	What is the best phone to buy below 15k?
How does 1 Billion Rising stop violence against women?	How can we end violence against women?
How can I learn algorithms and data structures from scratch in 30 days?	What should one refer to (books or online courses) for learning data structures and algorithms from scratch?
Would Mr. Donald Trump be a better president than Hillary Clinton?	Who is the better candidate for being the President of the United States of America: Hillary Clinton or Donald Trump?
Why do people hate anime?	Why do people hate anime so much?
How do I teach my baby two languages at the same time?	How can I teach two foreign languages at the same time?
Could Bruce Lee win every UFC match if he was still around today in his prime?	Would Bruce Lee in his prime dominate UFC MMA?
Will Lucasfilm/Disney ever re-release the theatrical cuts of the original Star Wars trilogy?	Does Disney have the authority and motive to re-release the original Star Wars trilogy in its purely original yet remastered form?
How does one cope with and eventually overcome Social Anxiety Disorder?	How do I overcome social anxiety in public places?
How do I loose weight fast?	How can I lose my weight fast?
How do I possibly dress like it's the year called 1990 if I'm a guy?	How do I dress like it's the year 1990 if I'm a guy?
Which is the best laptop under Rs 25000?	Which is best laptop under 25000 with all features like VGA and hdmi port?
How can I find the strength to stop stress eating?	How on earth can I stop stress eating?
What are your views on banning 500 and 1000 rupee notes? How does it affect black money and is it really gonna work and expose all the black money?	What are the possible implications of Demonetization of 500 and 1000 rupee notes?
How do certifications help in career growth?	Does certification help in career growth?
What is the best Doctor Who episode to get someone addicted to the series?	What is the best Doctor Who episode for nonviewers?
What should I do to best utilize a shopify store I'm not using?	What should I do to utilize a shopify store I'm not using?
How can I transfer messages from android to iOS?	How can I transfer my whatsapp chats from Android to iOS?
What is pizza?	What is a pizza?
How do I improve my communication skills.?	What should I do improve my communication skill?
How is it to work as a fresher in Deloitte?	What's it like to work at Deloitte?
Is blood test enough to diagnose all kind of cancer?	Can blood tests detect cancer? How reliable are the results?
Is he cheating?	Is he cheating on me?
How does mitochondria differ in plant and animal cells?	How do mitochondria plant and animal cell differ?
Can you drink water during exercise? I mean in between sets?	Can you drink water during exercise? I mean in between set?
Is chicken considered meat during lent?	Can you eat chicken during Lent?
What are the best quotes?	What are the best quotes by anyone?
What is the name of the creepiest horror movie you've ever seen? Which was the scariest part?	What's the scariest horror movie you've watched?
Is there a way to prevent hair Loss?	What should I do for my excessive hair loss?
Which is the best GATE coaching institute in Kolkata for me?	Top GATE coaching in Kolkata?
What should be the first programming language I learn if I want to become a game developer?	What programming language should I learn if I want to do a 2D MMORPG game?
What is the veto power?	What is veto power?
What will happen to North Korean people if the regime collapsed?	What would happen if the North Korean regime collapsed?
What can I do after having diploma in mechanical engineering?	After mechanical engineering?
How could we know that we are falling in love?	How do know that you are in love?
What kind of training does astronauts go through?	What kind if training do astronauts in NASA go through?
Which is best laptop to buy under 30k?	Which laptop is best to buy within the range of 30000rs?
Why is my Australian Cattle Dog/Pointer mix puppy afraid of cats?	Why is my Australian Shepherd/Red Heeler mix puppy afraid of cats?
What is the function of a three fields system?	What are the applications and limitations of a three fields system?
How can I come out of my comfort zone?	What are some of the straight to the point example of getting out of the comfort zone?
How do you delete an instagram account when you don't remember the password or username?	How do I delete my Instagram account when I have forgotten my password and the password to my email?
India: What are some things that make Indians happy?	What are the few things that make Indians happy?
Can regular masturbation cause lack of sperm with age?	Does frequent masturbation affect sperm quality?
How do you learn web programming by yourself with a full-time job?	What is the best way to learn web programming (I'd prefer Ruby)? What do I start with? What are the next steps?
Which are the best movies ever in Bollywood?	What are some best movies ever of Bollywood?
What are the social problems in India?	What are social problems of India?
How can I make money by staying at home?	What are some good ways to make money sitting at home?
How do you open ODT files on Word?	How do you open an .odt file format in Word? What program saves in .odt format?
Who is CEO of Infosys?	Who is the CEO of Infosys?
What should be my study strategy for first year of MBBS?	How should I study to pass the first Semester of the 1st year of MBBS?
How can I realistically make money online?	What are ways to make money online at home?
How does Docking and berthing of spacecraft work?	What is the difference between docking and berthing at the ISS?
Is self discipline the key to success?	Is discipline important in finding success?
What lessons do you think you should learn from Game Of Thrones for using them in real life?	What life lessons can you learn from Game of Thrones?
Who is the wealthiest entertainer in the world?	Who is the richest entertainer in the world?
What are some of the best books on quantitative aptitude?	Which is the best best book of quantitative aptitude?
What are the best weekend getaways around Pune?	What is the best weekend escapade from Pune?
How hard is an english honors class?	Is English Honors easy?
Is it the right time to invest in the Indian stock market via mutual funds? I have 2 lacs.	Is it right time to invest in mutual fund?
What is the embarrassing of your life?	What is most embrassing moment of your life?
Why is big data essential for an enterprise?	Why is big data essential for the growth of an enterprise?
Is the ECE course at IIIT H as decorated as the CSE course?	Is the ECE course at IIIT H as good as the CSE course?
What is the best photo you have taken with your cell phone?	What are the best photos taken from a phone?
What is the benefit using Rankle?	What are the benefits using Rankle?
Should exams be abolished?	What exams should be abolished? Why?
Is 5' 8" (175 cm) too short to be a male fitness model?	Is 5' 9" (175 cm) too short to be a male fitness model?
Which are some random acts of kindness done by you?	What is the last random act of kindness you did?
What are the uses of educational software in school?	What are use of software in school?
How can I change my profile pic on Quora?	How do you add a profile picture on Quora?
Has history been scientifically tested?	Have the Ancient Aztecs been scientifically tested?
Why can't India release videography of surgical strike in public?	Should India make surgical strike video public?
What are the things that just went unnoticed by Game Of Thrones viewers?	What are some things which went unnoticed in The Game of Thrones? (Hidden Easter Eggs)?
How do I deal with a snoring roommate while searching for a spouse via arranged marriage?	How can I deal with a roommate that snores?
Why can't you delete a Quora question?	Is it possible to permanently delete a Quora question?
What are some successful ways to quit smoking?	How do stop smoking?
What is a good summary for the poem "Fire and Ice"?	What is the meaning of the poem "Fire and Ice"?
Why is Pokémon GO more popular than other games?	What makes Pokémon GO so popular?
How would you improve energy efficiency?	How can we improve energy efficiency?
Why don't I have any female friends?	Why don't I have a female friend?
How can I become a porn star?	How can I be a porn actor?
How do I make out difference between infatuation and love ?	What is the basic difference between love and infatuation?
Who is the most beautiful person and why?	For you who is the most beautiful person?
How many children read newspapers in india?	How many kids read newspaper in india?
How is black money gonna go off with no longer the use of same 500 and 1000 notes?	How is discontinuing 500 and 1000 rupee note going to put a hold on black money in India?
How does demonetization of the 500 and 1000 notes bring down the real estate price?	How does Demonetisation of 1000 and 500 rupees notes affect real estate industry?
How do I add pictures to Quora questions?	How can I include pictures on my Quora answers?
What is the craziest thing your girlfriend did for you?	What is craziest thing your girlfriend did for you?
Where can I find a good photography website?	What is best photography website?
Nobody is answering my question in Quora. Does it mean my questions are stupid or people around me are stupid?	Why are people not answering my questions on Quora?
What are the best ways for a girl to propose a guy?	What is the best way for a girl to propose to a boy?
What are the best books for IBPS PO?	What are the best books for Bank P.O./IBPS preparation?
What are the best books for upsc civil services prelims?	What are the best books to prepare for UPSC?
What is the best part about being a woman?	What is the best thing about being a woman?
What do you think about the Indian Government policy of not circulating INR 500 and INR 1000?	What do you think of the decision by the Indian Government to demonetize 500 and 1000 rupee notes?
How do I exist?	How do we exist?
How do I come out of comfort zone?	How can I come out of my comfort zone?
What are the most useful open source tools?	What is the most useful open source software?
What if my guy says he is possessive but nit insecure?	What if my guy says he is possessive but not insecure?
What are the best car accessories technology?	What Are Good Accessories For Cars? Where Do They Sell Car Accessories?
What can I do to improve my question on Quora?	What are the ten best ways to improve my questions on Quora?
Why does a mala consist of 108 beads?	Why do religious mala always have 108 beads?
Is it important to critically analyze sources?	Why is it important to analyze a source?
What would happen if Donald Trump becomes president?	What would happen if trump became the president?
Is Crimea a part of Russia or Ukraine?	Is Crimea a part of Russia as of 2016?
What are the safety precautions on handling shotguns proposed by the NRA in North Carolina?	What are the safety precautions on handling shotguns ?
How powerful is our brain?	How powerful is the brain?
Is helicopter parenting in the United States in decline?	Will helicopter parenting end soon?
What are good technique to score high in PTE?	How do I get good score in PTE test?
What do astronauts eat?	What do astronauts eat in space?
How is the total energy of the universe zero? Why?	If the total energy in the universe is zero, does that mean that there is a way to "make" matter/energy by also making some kind of counterpart?
What is the best horror films in 2015?	What are the best horror movies of 2015 so far?
Which is the best book to learn Python?	What is the best book for learning Python easily?
What is your review of Yoga Vasistha (Sanskrit: योग-वासिष्ठ) (Hindu Spiritual Text) By Bhagwan Valmiki?	What is your review of Yoga Vasistha a Hindu Text Ascribed to Bhagwan Valmiki. Narrated as a Discourse of Sage Vasistha to Prince Rama?
Does anyone believe that there is life on other planets?	Is there any evidence of life on other planets?
What coding language should I learn first for making games?	What is the best programming language to learn in order to rapidly develop video games?
How do women feel after losing their virginity?	How does a girl feel after losing her virginity?
What are the best headhunters in Mexico?	Who are the best headhunters in Mexico?
I'm 20 years old. Is that still young?	Is 20 years old young?
What was the worst moment in your childhood?	What are the best and worst moments of your childhood?
How do I know if a woman is good in bed?	How do I know if a particular woman is good in bed?
How do you detach yourself from your emotions?	How do I detach myself from my emotions?
What does it feel to be like an INTP?	What does it feel like to be an INTP?
How do you properly tie ice skates?	How can I tie my ice skate shoelaces properly?
Which is Shahrukh Khan's best piece of work?	What are the best Shahrukh khan movies?
What's your greatest challenge in life right now?	What is your biggest challenge in life right now?
How do I know my inner talent?	How could you identify your talent?
What is difference between c and c# ?	Difference between C and C#?
Does masturbating have negative health effects?	Why masturbating is good?
What required computer skills are needed for human resource management?	What computer skills are required by a human resource manager?
What can I work on to get better at basketball?	What are some ways to get better at basketball?
Who is going to win the IPL 2016?	Who is going to win IPL 2016 and why ?
What Are the advantages of note banning in India?	What are the pros and cons of banning 500 and 1000 rupee notes in India?
What is the best Chinese restaurant in Kolkata?	Which is the best chinese restaurant in Kolkata?
What the purpose of life on earth?	What should the purpose of your life?
What are some characteristics of concentric and eccentric contraction?	What are the differences between a concentric and eccentric movement?
What are good horror movies to watch?	What are some best of best horror movies ever made?
How do I know if my spouse is cheating?	How do I know if my wife cheats?
What is the 'next big thing' in education?	What is the next big thing in education?
What happens to a human soul after death?	What happens to the soul after it leaves the body?
Why do some people dream in colour and others don't?	Why some people only dream in black and white?
What are the best electro swing tracks?	What electro swing artists or songs should I be listening to?
What the meaning of UNIX?	What is UNIX? Is it downloadable?
How do I unlock disable iPhone 5?	How do I unlock an iPhone 5?
Who is/was the most underrated actor/actress in Bollywood?	Which are the most underrated Bollywood actors and actresses?
Has anyone found a way to make money using Quora?	Are there any ways to make money through Quora?
How do I crack the Tech-mahindra aptitude test?	How should I crack tech mahindra online test?
How can I Increase the traffic of my blog?	How can I increase website traffic?
How I can ask question on Quora?	How do I ask questions on Quora?
What are some best moments of Rio Olympics 2016?	What according to you is the best moment of Rio Olympics 2016?
How do you know if your girlfriend has an affair?	How do I know if my spouse is cheating?
How important is money in your life?	How much the importance of money in life?
How can you stop caring about someone who doesn't care about you?	How do I stop caring about someone who obviously doesn't care about me anymore?
All you need to know about GST?	What is the GST?
Does Congress party digging their grave slowly as they opposing everything done by PM Modi like saying Jay Shriram or doing surgical strikes?	Does Congress party digging their grave slowly as they are opposing everything done by PM Modi like saying Jay Shriram or dping surgical strikes?
How can I start my own business?	How could I start my own business?
Will a text message show delivered if blocked on iPhone?	Will a message still say delivered if you were blocked on an iPhone?
How do I escape from tigers?	Is it possible to escape from a tiger in close proximity?
Why don't some answers on Quora allow comments?	Why some answers don't have comment option?
How do I root my android to do everything?	What are some ways to root an Android device?
How can I lose weight loss?	How do I lose weight without stopping?
How do I prepare for KVPY SX with 3 months left for exam?	How do I prepare for KVPY 2016?
How do you make notes while studying?	What are the best ways to make notes while studying?
Will Narendra Modi become the PM in 2019?	Will Modi become the Prime Minister of India once again in 2019?
How do I stop making dumb and stupid mistakes?	How do I stop making mistakes?
What are some good ideas for a 17th birthday party?	Which are the best ideas for celebrating a 19th birthday party?
How does it feel coming back to life after death? Any experience?	What does it feel like to die and come back to life?
How do people cope with anxiety?	How do you cope with anxiety?
Can an electric motor run itself?	Can electric motor generate free energy self-running?
How could bringing in new 500 and 2000 rupee notes by the Indian govt eradicate black money?	How banning 500 and 1000 rupee can affect black money?
What do you do if you don't have any friends?	What do you do when you have no friends?
What are the perks of working at wissen Infotech?	What insight can you provide about wissen Infotech?
How does anyone ever really know if they are a good person?	How do you know if you are a good person?
How do I get rid of the needing improvement notification?	Why do all of my questions get markers for needing improvement no matter how carefully I word them?
Are there instances when it doesn't matter whether you use "affect" or "effect" in a sentence?	Are there instances when it doesn't matter whether you choose "affect" or "effect" in a sentence?
What will Hillary Clinton's India policy be if she becomes President?	What is Hillary Clinton's diplomatic attitude toward India? If she becomes president what India should expect from her?
What was the very first question on Quora?	What was the very first question on Quora? And what was the answer?
How can anyone earn money from Facebook?	How I earn money from Facebook?
Why Donald Trump is winning the Republican nomination now?	Is donald trump winning?
Lord Shiva vs Lord Vishnu who is more powerful?	Who is more powerful Shiva or Vishnu?
What is the best thing to do with your life?	What is the best thing to do to improve life?
I don't know what to do with my life career wise?	I really dont know what I want in my life career wise. What should I do?
How do I root an Android device?	How do I root my android to do everything?
Why is "Japan's Marine Day" unknown in Nauru?	Why is "Japan' Marine Day" unknown in Nauru?
Are there real witches out there?	Are witches real?
Is uploading my own video but with a copyrighted song on youtube illegal?	Can we set some song clips in a YouTube video without infringing copyright?
What is the difference between Love and liking?	What is the difference between liking and loving?
Why are some news channel and people saying that the new 500 and 2000 notes cannot be faked?	What are some interesting features of the new 500 and 2000 rupees notes issued by RBI?
What's a good use of hashtags in Instagram?	What are the best hashtags to use to get more exposure on Instagram?
Did Russian martial arts Systema & Combat Sambo originated from the Mongols who invaded and ruled Eastern Europe?	Did Russian martial arts Systema & Combat Sambo originated from the Mongol tyrants who invaded and ruled Eastern Europe?
How much money can a country print every year?	How much money can country print?
How do I hire the best e-commerce app developer in India?	Which are the best E-commerce mobile app development companies in India?
How do I get internship at Google?	How do I get an internship from Google?
How can a boy become the world's youngest billionaire?	Who is the youngest person to become a billionaire?
Why is Arvind Kejriwal hated so much on social media?	Why is Arvind Kejriwal trolled so much on social media?
What is the best phone to buy below 15k?	What is the best phone I can get for below 15k?
Should India declare a war on Pakistan and Why?	Should India go for war with Pakistan?
How many stars are on the American flag?	How many stars are on the USA flag?
What is the salary of iit professors?	How much salary do IIT professors get?
Did Saddam Hussein and Osama bin Laden collaborate in the 9/11 attacks?	How were Saddam Hussein and Osama Bin Laden linked?
Which is your favorite Hollywood movie in top 1?	What are your favorite Hollywood movies?
Why Hitler killed Jews?	Why did the Nazis hate Jews?
How does it feel to fall out of love?	How does one simply fall out of love?
What's the best age for marriage?	What is the best age for marriage?
How can one develop a habit of self learning?	How can I develop the habit of learning?
Should you admit guilt to your defense attorney?	Should you admit guilt to your attorney?
Write a comprehensive essay on Wordsworth's concept of poetry as given out in the preface to the lyrical Ballads in points?	Write a comprehensive essay on Wordsworth's concept of poetry as given out in the preface to the lyrical Ballads?
Is PM Modi selling India to foreign hands?	Is Narendra Modi selling India into foreign hands?
Why does the supermoon occur?	What is a supermoon? Why it is different than a full moon? How frequently does a supermoon occur?
How can I make my Android phone extremely fast?	How can I make my Android device extremely fast?
What movie have you watched the most and how many times have you watched it?	What movie have you watched the most times?
How does one learn to become a good DJ? What are the best ways to learn to DJ?	How can I become a good DJ like Hardwell?
Do you think that parents should make their kids believe that Santa Claus exists when they are young?	Should kids be taught to believe in Santa Claus?
What happens if you drink bleach?	What would happen if you swallowed bleach?
Why am I losing interest in Quora?	Why I am losing my interest in Quora?
How do you shrink a shirt?	What is the best way to shrink a cotton shirt?
What is the most regretful thing done by you in your life?	What is one thing you regret doing in your life?
What is the best way to lose weight and not gain it back?	What are best tips for weight loss?
How do I get rid of acne on my face? I workout daily and wash my face twice a day.	How do I get rid of my acne and get nice skin?
Could dark matter fill 'empty' space and be displaced by matter? Could the Milky Way's halo be the state of displacement of the dark matter?	Is the state of displacement of the superfluid dark matter the physical manifestation of curved spacetime?
How back emf produce in motors?	How is back EMF generated in a motor?
How many states are there in USA?	How many states are there in the United States?
Who was Martin Luther King Jr.? What were his main believes?	Who was Martin Luther King Jr.?
When can women get pregnant in the menstrual cycle?	Can you get pregnant 8 days before your period?
Is demonetizing of "500/1000 INR" a permanent solution to curb Black Money and Corruption?	How exactly will the demonetization of INR 500/1000 going to curb black money and to what extent?
Why is Pakistan not accepting that any surgical strikes happened?	What is the reason behind Pakistan denying the surgical strikes by India?
What is average package for mechanical engineers in PSUs?	What is the average package in PSUs for mechanical engineers?
What habits should I adopt to have a more purposeful and focused life?	What habits can I adopt or avoid every day to have a successful and fulfilling life?
Where do terrorist organisations get money to buy modern weapons and carry out terrorist activities?	Where do terrorist organisations get money from?
Can skipping increase my height?	How do I increase my height?
What is the difference between translation and interpretation?	What is the difference between interpretation and translation?
How can you remove ads from Youtube?	How do I remove ads from YouTube APK?
Which is the best smartphone I can buy under 15000 in july 2016?	Which is the best smartphone to buy for 15000 INR?
What should I do if my iPod touch is not turning on or charging?	What should I do if my iPod Touch does not charge?
How do I join the United States Coast Guard?	Should I Join Coast Guard?
Where can I learn data structures and algorithms online?	Which is the best website for learning data structures or algorithm?
How do I start preparing for IAS prelims?	How should I start my preparation for IAS as an engineering student?
How can I transfer credits from one college to another?	Can I transfer credits from one college to another?
How can you figure out or know if you are in your comfort zone?	How can I know what my comfort zone is?
How can you lose weight quickly?	How could I lose a few pounds quickly?
How do I get pizza free?	How can I get a free pizza?
What are the few things that make Indians happy?	What are some things that makes Indian's happy?
Which Chinese food do you like most?	What are your favorite Chinese foods?
How do I find a work?	How can I find work?
Which questions should I ask on the first date with a girl for an arranged marriage?	What questions should I not ask a girl during an arranged marriage meeting or on a first date?
How can I keep happy my girlfriend?	What should I do to keep my girlfriend happy?
What are some visible signs of pregnancy?	What are the common first signs of pregnancy? How can I tell if I'm pregnant? What are the symptoms?
What countries are dangerous to travel to?	Which are the most dangerous countries to travel to?
How can we hack coc?	How can I hack Clash of Clans?
How can a college student earn money online?	Internships: What are the ways to earn money online as a student?
Does the law of attraction really work?	Is the law of attraction real?
How do I get my PAN card made? Where can I apply online?	How do I get my PAN card made? Where do I apply online?
What is the difference between a provisional and non-provisional patent application?	What is the difference between provisional and non-provisional patent applications?
If I had a period for 2 days and a half can I still get pregnant?	I had sex on the 9th and my period started on the 11th. Could I still get pregnant?
What is the difference between resistance and resistivity?	What is the difference between electrical resistance and resistivity?
Is long distance relationship worth it?	Is it worth getting into a long distance relationship?
What will happen if India and Pakistan happen to reunite as one country?	How will both nations benefit if India & Pakistan resolve their issues & merge as one nation?
Are Razor Edge Pitbulls as dangerous as they seem?	How dangerous is a Razors Edge Pitbull?
How can I reduce dandruff?	How can I reduce dandruff and itching and hairfall?
Can you still get pregnant one day before menstruation?	If I have a 6 day period can I get pregnant just after it ends?
How do I hack into someone WiFi network?	How can we hack Wifi Passowrds?
Which are the best books for UX designers?	What is the best book for learning UX Design?
How can I specifically improve my English?	How can I improve my speaking?
What is best penis size?	What is the ideal penis size?
What's the most important thing to remember when singing?	What is the most important thing to remember when singing?
What is the difference between rote learning and meaningful learning?	What is the difference between rote learning vs meaningful learning?
What is a way to make money online?	How can I make money online quickly and easily?
What Should I do after 12?	What do I do after 12?
What is the impact of the Magna Carta on Today's world?	Is the Magna Carta still used today?
Who do you think would win the 2016 USA Election?	Who will win the 2016 U.S. presidential election and why?
In the summer how would I dress like a workout guy from the year 1990?	How do I dress like a workout guy from the year 1990 in the summer?
Education: What makes a great teacher?	Are there any tricks to be a great teacher?
What were some of the most important causes behind World War 1?	What were the most influential political causes of World War I?
Why do the justices of the Supreme Court serve a life term?	Why are supreme court justices appointed for life?
How can I see who my boyfriend views on instagram?	Can you really see who viewed your pics or profile on instagram?
What is the most shocking picture you have ever seen?	What are the most brutal photographs you've ever seen?
How can I improve my communication effectively?	What should I do improve my communication skill?
Which universities can I apply for MS Computer Science?	Which universities should I apply to for an MS in CS?
Why is my Australian Shepherd/Red Heeler mix puppy afraid of cats?	Why is my Black Lab/Pitbull mix puppy afraid of cats?
How do you know when your partner is cheating?	How can I know if my spouse is cheating?
What are some of the best British movies?	Which are some of the best British movies?
How can I date a Brit if I live in Canada?	Is it possible to date a Brit in Canada?
How can one run Windows OS on a Mac?	How can you put Windows OS on a Mac?
Can someone show me how I can send someone on Quora a private message?	How do you send a private message on Quora?
Where can I get quality assistance in Sydney for any property transaction?	Where can I get very smooth and uncomplicated assistance in Sydney for any property transaction?
Can I make money by uploading videos on YouTube (if I have subscribers)?	How do YouTube Channels make money?
Which laptop is best under 40000 INR?	What is best laptop under 40000 rupees?
What age is the "Song of Ice and Fire" for?	What age is old enough to read A Song of Ice and Fire?
How can I have a big penis?	Is it possible to increase the size of a penis?
How does it feel like having no sibling?	What does it feel like when you have no siblings?
What are the best answers for "Why such frequent job changes?"?	What could be an ideal answer for frequent job change?
What is multiple integral?	What is multiple integrals?
How does one travel while being on a very low budget?	How can I travel with low budget?
What would you want people to say about you at your funeral?	What do you want people to say at your funeral?
How can I lose weight ?	How can you lose weight really quick?
How do I add images in Quora?	Can I add images to my questions on Quora?
How did you learn to speak English?	How do I learn spoken English?
How can we we increase confidence?	What should one do to increase confidence?
Why does Quora keeps marking my questions as “Needs improvement”?	Why has Quora started marking my last two questions as "needing revision"?
What is the weirdest question you've seen (In your opinion) on Quora?	What is the craziest question ever asked on Quora?
What would happen if all the currencies in the world would have a same value?	What would happen if currencies of every country had the same value?
Why can't people with tattoos donate blood?	Can people having tattoos donate blood?
What will happen to Chinese students studying abroad in America now that Trump is president?	What will happen to international students in the US if Donald Trump becomes president?
Where should I get my first tattoo?	What should I expect from getting my first tattoo?
Why do we call Java as platform independent whereas JVM is dependent on the OS ?	Why do we call Java platform independent language when it still requires platform dependent JVM to get executed?
Are there benefits to having a short sleep/nap/siesta during the day?	Are there any benefits to having a short sleep/nap/siesta during the day?
Will it be possible to grow vegetation on mars as they have depicted in the movie Martian ?	Would it be possible to grow plants in martian soil with the right resources at your disposal (such as water and organic additives) like in the movie The Martian?
How do I improve my English with creative writing skills?	What is the best way to inprove my English writing ability?
What are the best investment schemes for salaried person?	What is the best investment plan for a salaried person?
What are some of the best car gadgets technology available?	What are the best Car technology gadgets?
How can I stop worrying about what other people think of me?	How do I stop caring so much about what other people think of me?
How do I install air filter?	How do you install an air filter?
How do I recover my Gmail password when I don't remember my recovery mail ID?	How do I recover my Gmail account password without a recovery email or the security question 2?
What is a hyperbolic function?	What is hyperbolic function?
What is the scope for MBA marketing graduates in sales & marketing in hospitality industry?	What is the scope for MBA marketing graduates in hospitality sector sales & marketing?
How do I hack a Whatsapp of another user without having access to their phone?	How do I read someone's WhatsApp messages without any access to their mobile phone?
At what age did you first realize you were gay/bisexual and how did you realize it?	How and when was the first time you realized you were probably gay/lesbian?
Will banning 500 and 1000 notes can stop the black money?	How will the India demonetization of 500 and 1000 rupees notes will reduce black money?
What is the best time to visit Kerala and what are the places to visit in a span of 8 days?	What are the best places to visit on a 3-day trip in and around Kerala?
What is it like to visit Afghanistan?	What is it like to travel in Afghanistan?
Does anyone believe that there is life on other planets?	Is there life on other planets?
How do I get a law passed?	How are laws passed?
Which are the best hotels in Goa?	What are some of the best budget hotels to stay in Goa?
How do I find out if someone has more than two Facebook accounts?	Is there a way to find out if someone has another Facebook account?
What are the reasons why wars happen?	Why do wars get started?
Who is the most corrupt politician in U.S. history?	Who is the most corrupt politician of United States? Why?
Do we have any concrete conclusion to what happens to us after death?	What will happen to us after death?
What did you try once and will never try again?	What is something you tried but never do again?
What does it mean when I get an update from Quora saying my answer was moved?	What does it mean when your answer is moved?
What was the universe before Big Bang?	What are some alternate theories to the singularity existing at t=0 just before the Big Bang? What else could have existed just before the Big Bang?
Who is the most remarkable political leader of all time?	Who is the greatest Political leader of all time?
What are the most upvoted answers on Quora?	Which is the most upvoted answer of Quora?
Why can't India become a Buddhist country?	Why can't India become a Buddhist nation?
Can the B2 tourist visa been cancelled after applying for an F-1 visa?	Can the B2 visa be cancelled when applying for an F1 visa?
What are the best ways to improve writing skills?	How do I improve my English writing and speaking skills?
Which is the best book for learning python 3 for absolute beginners on their own?	Which books are the best for learning Python 3?
How can you answer questions on Quora?	How do you answer questions on Quora?
How shall I stop watching porn?	Catholics: how do I stop watching internet porn?
What should be done to impress a girl?	How do I impress a girl?
Can skipping increase your height?	Can jumping and skipping increase height (I'm 16 year old male)?
What time table should be followed to focus every subject in ICSE boards?	What is the best time table for a student preparing for ICSE Board examinations?
How will Trump or Clinton presidency affect foreign students?	How might Trump affect the status of foreign students at top universities in the US?
Is there anything that moves faster than light?	Is there something that can travel faster than light?
Why do people insist on driving slowly in the left (passing) lane?	Why do people stay in the left lane when they are driving slow?
How does a diode work and what does it do?	How the diode works?
What is the best way and right age to introduce chess to a child?	What is the best way to teach chess to children?
How do I improve my English speaking?	How do I improve my English language?
Why do people enjoy science fiction?	Why do people like science fiction?
Why did you convert to Christianity?	Why do you convert to Christianity?
What is going to be the impact of the GST on the Indian economy and finance?	How GST is going to benefit us Indians?
Which is the best Android smartphone in 10000 INR?	Which is the best Android smartphone under 10000?
How do I prepare gate exam?	What are some tips to prepare for the GATE?
How long will it take for UK to exit from EU?	When will UK exit from the EU?
What is the best thing to do when you have free time?	What is the best thing to do during free time?
What's the best way to overcome fear of speaking in public?	How can I overcome my fear of public speaking?
How can I learn to manage my time effectively for studies and pleasure?	How do I manage my time effectively for being in school while learning other topics?
How do I start writing short stories?	How can I start writing short stories?
What is the mesentery?	What is the function of the mesentery?
Can hamsters eat apples?	Can hamsters eat grapes?
Which is the best anime to watch?	Which are the best anime?
Are Einstein's gravitational wave and de Broglie's wave-particle duality wave both waves in the strongly interacting dark matter?	Would Einstein and de Broglie have realized a strongly interacting dark matter is the medium for gravitational and wave-particle duality waves?
What do I need to do to get into MIT?	How to get admissions in MIT?
How do I lose body fat quickly?	How can someone lose weight quickly?
Why was screenshot feature created?	Why was the screenshot feature was invented?
Is time travel possible? If yes how	Will time travel be possible in the next 10 years?
How do I earn more coins in 8 ball pool?	Are there any generators that generate unlimited coins and cash in 8 ball pool?
Is it common to go from being lovebombed straight to being discarded? I didn't see this coming.?	Is it common to go from being lovebombed straight to being discarded? I didn't see this coming?
Which is better between the Game of Thrones vs The Walking Dead?	Is Game of Thrones better than the Walking Dead?
What is the best option to respond to Pakistan after Uri attack?	How can India retaliate against terror sponsored states after the recent Uri Attack?
What is the longest amount of time a woman has been late with her pregnancy?	What is the longest time someone has been pregnant?
What are the best ways of marketing your website for free?	How can I advertise my website for free?
What are the best way to learn hacking?	Which is the best way to learn hacking just as a hobby?
If you shoot me at 3 feet with a Desert eagle .50AE in the forehead can I survive it?	Why is the chance to survive a shot between eyes with a 300grain HP .50AE Desert Eagle almost nonexistent?
How can the NSE help improve saving?	How can the NSE improve investment and savings?
What's the difference between Chinese parents and other countries'?	What is the difference between Chinese parents and other countries'?
Why does the United States seem to have only 2 political parties for voting?	Why has the United States only had two main political parties?
What are the 5 best movies of all time?	What are the best movies of all time?
How do you recover your gmail account password?	How can I recover my Gmail account's password?
Why do people believe in flat earth?	Why do people say the earth is flat when we have seen photos of the earth (which is round)?
What are your new year resolutions’2017?	What are your New Year’s resolutions?
Do you believe Donald Trump would be the worst president in the history of the United States of America?	Is Donald trump going to be the worst president?
What is it like to fight in a war?	What is it like to be in war?
Which is best smartphone below 15000?	Which smartphone is the best to buy for Rs. 15000?
The Indian government is banning the Rs. 500 & Rs. 1000 notes but it is coming up with the Rs. 2000 note. Will it not cause a generation of black money in the future?	How is black money curbed with the ban of 1000 rupee notes and introducing new 500 and 2000 rupee notes?
Why are Indians getting influenced by the Western culture?	Why is Western culture more materialistic than Indian culture? Why are Indians in a city likely to follow Western culture?
Why do human need sleep?	Why do people need sleep?
What are the most anticipated movies in 2017?	What are the most eagerly awaited Hollywood movies of 2017?
Can we attain supernatural powers by meditation?	Is it possible to gain supernatural powers through meditation?
What are three ways to unlock a disabled iPod?	How do you open a disabled iPod?
How can I build up my resume?	How can I make my resume?
Who would be the next president of America?	Who will be the next President of US? Why?
Does green tea really help in losing weight?	How can green tea help you reduce belly fat?
What are examples of animals that live in the desert?	What are the types of animals that live in a desert?
Why are Para-Olympians of India winning more medals than other Indian Olympians?	How have Indian Paralympians achieved so much more success than Indian Olympians?
How can I install Mac OS in my HP Laptop?	Can I install OS X Mavericks on a Dell laptop?
Have you ever been asked what a silly question?	Asked what a silly question?
How do I deal with a cheating spouse?	What's the best way to deal with a cheating spouse?
How do I write great essays?	Why is it so hard to write an essay?
Why do people often ask questions in Quora while they can Google it themselves?	Why do so may people ask questions on Quora that can easily be found by a simple Google searh?
How can we get a free domain name?	How can I get a free domain name?
Why do people think Quora is so liberal?	Why do people on Quora seem to be mostly liberal?
What are the easy ways to earn money online?	What is make money online?
Why does Olympic Athletes Bite their Medals While Posing For Photographs?	Why do athletes bite their medals?
How can banana peels whiten teeth?	How do you use banana to whiten your teeth?
What are the ways to earn money while studying?	What can I do to earn some money by online work while continuing my college?
How many questions on Quora seem like they are really homework questions?	How many questions on Quora are from children doing their homework?
Which is the best dialogue you have ever heard in any movie?	What is the best dialogue you have ever heard in any movie?
Should I include other skills in my resume when applying to a developer job?	Should I include other skills in my resume when applying to a development job?
What will the next major war look like?	What would the next major war be and why?
Why is the letter "G" in the center of the Square & Compass deleted in some Jurisdictions?	Why is the letter "G" in the middle of Square & Compass was deleted in some jurisdictions?
What are the major and most important agents of socialization?	Which is the most important agent of socialization and why?
What's it like to be a woman?	What is it like to become a woman?
How can one become a professor in IIT?	How do you become a professor in IIT?
Why do I keep getting bored of people?	Why do I get bored when listening to people?
How will I know I've met the love of my life?	How do you know you have met the one?
What are the top MBA colleges in Hyderabad?	What is the best mba college in Hyderabad?
What is your biggest life lesson?	Can you tell me about your biggest life lesson?
Is it too late to go to medical school and become a doctor?	Is it too late to study medicine at 23?
There are brilliant minds out there who change the whole context of one's questions. How can I avoid people from editing my questions on Quora?	How do I get people to stop editing my questions on Quora?
Is the book One Indian Girl by Chetan Bhagat A must Read For All Feminist?	Is Chetan Bhagat's new book One Indian Girl about Sex or Feminism?
What is the saddest story you ever heard or seen?	What is the saddest story you've ever heard?
How does one learn to dance?	What is the best way to learn how to dance?
Was the Kohinoor really gifted to England queen?	Did the Queen steal the Kohinoor from India or was it gifted to her?
How is it for an Indian girl or a foreigner girl to live with Indian parents after the wedding?	How it is for an Indian girl or foreigner girl to live with Indian parents after wedding?
Which is the best book for learning python for absolute beginners on their own?	What is the recommended book to learn python for beginner?
How can I improve my speaking?	How can I continue to improve my English?
How do I improve my English writing skills?	How can I improve my English writing skills in an effective way?
Do I need to quit gaming to have better grades at high school?	How can I get better grades in high school?Should I stop gaming to get better grades?
Why do people try to ask silly questions on Quora rather than googling it?	Why do so many people ask questions on Quora that can be easily answered by any number of legitimate sources on the Web? Have they not heard of Google or Bing?
Can you give examples and counter examples why people say China bullies its neighbours in South China Sea?	Is China bullying its neighbors in the South China Sea?
Which topic is the most followed in Quora?	What is the most followed topic on Quora?
How can I convert watt to ampire?	How do I convert kilowatts to amps?
Where can I find DJ for teenage Birthday party in Sydney?	Where can I get friendly DJ for Birthday party in Sydney?
How is Donald Trump going to save America?	How will Donald Trump save America?
What ways can someone get high off weed without knowing or trying to?	Can you accidentally get high off weed?
Should I open my own home daycare? What are the pros and cons?	What are the pros and cons of having a daycare in your home with your own children?
What can I do to reduce my belly?	How should I reduce my belly naturally?
How do you know if it is time for divorce?	When is it time for a divorce?
What are home remedies for atopic dermatitis?	What are the best home remedies for atopic dermatitis?
What is PV cell?	What is a PV cell?
Is it possible to live without using credit cards?	What's it like living without any credit cards?
Which is the best book to learn data structures and algorithms?	Which book is the best book for algorithm and datastructure?
What are the test cases for a simple c program?	How do I test a simple C program against all the test cases?
What equipment crew is needed for a low budget film?	What equipment/crew is needed for a low-budget film?
What is Facebook really?	What is Facebook really about?
Do wolves make good pets?	Do wolves have the temperament to be kept as domestic pets?
How US presidential election takes place?	What is the method of presidential election in USA?
Where is the most beautiful place that you have visited and why?	What is the most beautiful place you have visited?
What is ARN number?	What is an ARN number and how to track my transaction with that number?
How do I learn guitar online?	How can I learn to play guitar online?
Why are my questions still being marked as needing improvement?	Why is my question being marked as needs to be improved?
How do I become addicted to studying?	How do I get addicted to studies?
What do people of Britain think about India?	What British people think about Indian peple?
Why do people tend to go Annonymous on Quora for no reason?	Why do people go anonymous frequently at Quora?
How do I speak English fluently?	How To speak English Fluently ?
What is the worst thing you have done in your life?	What are the best thing and the worst thing you ever did in your life?
How do you improve your writing skills?	How can I improve in my writing?
What is the easy way to learn a programming language?	What are best resources to learn programming for a beginner?
Is hard work the key to success?	Is the only key to success hard work?
I have one most common question.iphone has only 1 gb ram but still its performance is more good than most of the other phones which has evn 4 gb ram?	Why is the iPhone's 1 GB RAM touted to be able to compete with more than 2 GB RAM of Android phones?
How I hack Facebook account?	How can I hack Facebook?
I am very much confused. Did man really land on moon? Please answer honestly with proof.	What are some of the best evidence that we really did land on the moon?
How so I ask questions on Quora?	Add questions on quora?
How do I sell and buy shares in share market?	Selling shares off market?
How does science explain the paranormal activities?	How does science explain paranormal events?
What are the differences between Chinese education and American education?	What is the differences between American and Chinese education?
What are the possibilities of a nuclear war?	What's the possibility of a nuclear war?
Who won the 2nd 2016 Presidential debate?	What are your thoghts on the second presidential debate?
Details about new 500 note and 2000 note?	What do you think about new 500 and 2000 rupees note?
How does substance abuse affect a community?	How does substance abuse impact the community?
Who has viewed my Instagram?	How do I know who view my Instagram?
What is the difference between a synchronous machine and an induction machine?	How does the working principle of a synchronous machine differ from an induction machine?
How do I change my shift at MAIT?	How do I change shift in MAIT?
What are some of the best online sites for learning programming languages?	What is the best online course for learning programming?
When will the anime Fairy Tail recommence?	When does Fairy Tail anime recommence?
Would Hillary Clinton start World War III / War with Russia?	Is there a high risk that President Hillary Clinton will initiate a war with Russia?
What would you do if you didn't have to work for a living?	What would you do if you did not have to work for a living anymore?
What are the major contributions of malinowski towards anthropology?	How did Malinowski change anthropology?
What's your favourite poem?	Which is your favourite poem and why?
Which is the best phone to buy under 25000₹?	Which is the best phone to buy under rs25000?
How can I crack gate 2018?	What is the best way to crack gate 2018?
How can you get more upvotes?	How do I get more than 1K upvotes for our answers in Quora?
How I hack Facebook account?	How do I hack into someones Facebook?
What is this GST bill all about?	What is gst all about?
Why do I crave so much attention?	Why do I crave attention?
What determines a substance's specific heat capacity?	What determines the specific heat of a substance?
How many lines of code are in Facebook?	How many lines of code is Facebook?
Which song can make make me feel scared or haunted?	Which song can make me feel scared or haunted?
How do I stop food cravings?	How can I stop food cravings?
Will computers ever be conscious?	Will computers ever have their own consciousness?
Is it possible to get admission into a PhD program without a masters degree?	Can you get a PHD without a master or an official degree?
What are the differences between the disciplines of kendo and fencing?	What is the difference between Kendo and fencing?
Why is Facebook so boring these days?	Why is Facebook so boring?
Does sound have mass?	How much mass does sound have?
Which note taking app should I use?	What app can I use taking notes?
When is the world going to the end?	When will be the end of the world and why?
What are the various ways through which one can earn money online?	How do you make easy money online?
How can an Indian guy make his parents accept his foreign girlfriend?	How do I get Indian parents to accept my foreign girlfriend?
What is the significance of the medical symbol?	Why is there a snake on the medical symbol?
How do I become a top programmer?	How can I be an upper programmer?
What is your favourite quote and why?	What are some of your favorite quotes and why?
How can we prevent all the negative thoughts percolating in our minds?	How can we control stupid and negative thoughts from into our mind?
What is the best way to drive traffic to a website?	How can I get traffic for my website?
How will Brexit impact the flow of goods and people between Northern Ireland and the Republic of Ireland?	What will happen to the border between Northern Ireland and Ireland following the Brexit vote?
What does the rest of India think about the Keralites?	What do the others feel about Keralites?
How do you wake up early without an alarm clock?	How do you guys wake up without an alarm clock?
How do I repair the relationship between my brother and father?	How do I repair the relationship between my father and my brother?
How do you earn money on Quora?	Has anyone found a way to make money using Quora?
How can I track down who's impersonating me on Instagram?	What should I do if someone is impersonating me on Instagram?
What have your worst experiences been in SD?	What have been your worst experiences in SD?
Is trump playing to lose?	Is trump trying to lose?
What are the best ways to improve my English because I'm not good in English?	How can I improve my English speaking .?
What is a mind map?	What is the mind mapping?
What are the best brother sister tattoos?	What are some good brother and sister tattoo designs?
What was Hillary Clinton's mood and reaction when she realized she lost the election?	What was Hillary Clinton's reaction to losing the election?
What are the easy ways to earn money online?	Can I make money online?
Why is drinking water important?	Why is drinking water important than anything?
Daniel Ek: Why isn't Spotify available in India? When is it launching in India?	When will Spotify launch in India?
Is there a cure for premature ejaculation?	Is there really a cure for premature ejaculation?
How can I study c language?	How should I get started with c language?
What has been the best decade for movies in the past century?	Which decade has the best movies?
What are some of the best books on quantitative aptitude?	What are some of the best books to prepare for the quantitative aptitude test?
What is your reaction about the ban on Rs. 500 and Rs. 1000 notes? Won't it create a chaos and harm the economy?	What is your opinion on the discontinuation of 500 and 1000 rupee notes?
Which country are the trustworthy allies of India?	Which countries are allies of India?
Why does quora mark my questions as needing improvement?	What happens to questions marked as needing improvement? Are they inhibited from being seen as other questions are?
What do you think of the new MacBook Pro Apple announced in 2016?	What do developers think about the new MacBook Pro?
How safe is Philippines?	Is it still safe to travel in Philippines?
Is acting an inborn talent or it can be learnt?	Is acting an inborn talent or can be acquired?
What do Chinese think about India?	What do Chinese people think of Indians?
What is the best way to talk English fluently?	How do I talk English fluently?
What advantages do men have that women don't have?	What advantages do men have that women don't have and what advantages do women have that men don't have?
Is it advisable to drink warm water to lose weight and help digestion in India?	Will drinking warm water after meals help in weight loss?
What are the safety precautions on handling shotguns proposed by the NRA in Kentucky?	What are the safety precautions on handling shotguns proposed by the NRA in Hawaii?
According to you who are some of the best writers on Quora?	Which are some of the most viewed writers I should follow from every topic on Quora?
How can you learn english fast and easy?	How can I learn English in a short time?
How do I learn how to draw?	How do you learn to draw?
Why does everyone hate Hillary Clinton?	Why do people dislike Hillary Clinton? What has she done wrong?
What would happen if Trump died right now?	What would happen if Donald Trump dies during the election?
How can you compare and contrast quantitative and qualitative data?	How can you compare and contrast qualitative and quantitative data?
What are the similarities and differences between dominant and recessive alleles?	What is the difference between recessive trait and dominant trait?
How do I get into my Instagram if I forgot my email and my Facebook password?	Is it possible to login to Facebook without password?
What are the potential downstream effects that could result from the recent override of Obama's veto to the 9/11 Victims Bill?	Is President Obama's veto on 9/11 victims being able to sue SA a good or bad idea?
Are anabolic steroids really dangerous?	How are anabolic steroids dangerous?
What is the difference between the iPhone 6s and iPhone SE?	What is the difference between the iPhone 6s and the iPhone se?
Are spiders considered insects?	Are spiders insects?
How can I speak fluent English with accuracy?	How can I learn to speak a fluent English?
How do I stop eating junk food?	How can I stop eating junk and processed food addiction and stay healthy?
What are best job portals in india?	What are the top job portals in India?
What is a part-time job that I can do from home?	What is part time work from home?
What is the problem with Zee News channel?	Is zee news biased towards right wing?
Which is the best institute in Delhi for GMAT Coaching?	What are the best coaching institutes for GMAT in NCR?
Who viewed my profile on Instagram?	Can you really see who viewed your pics or profile on instagram?
Which side would win if the civil war was fought today?	If the civil war occurred today who would win?
How do you increase your credit?	How do you rebuild credit?
What is the best certification course to learn digital marketing?	What are the best online short courses in digital marketing?
Where can I find my drafts of answers not completed on Quora?	How do I find my drafts on Quora?
Is time travel possible through cosmic strings?	Will time travel be possible in the next 10 years?
How do I lose 45 pounds the easiest way if I have cravings?	How can I lose 12-15 pounds in 3 months?
What are the chances of GST Bill being passed in the next Rajya Sabha sessions?	What are the next steps for GST bill to be a reality after it is passed in Rajya Sabha?
How can long distance relationships be successful?	How are long distance relationships maintained?
What are the benefits of issuing rs. 2000 note in India?	What is the reasoning behind launching the note of Rs 2000 in India?
Does long distance relationships actually work?	Do long distance relationships ever work out?
What are the ways to commit suicide?	What are the best methods for suicide?
Why are people on Quora obsessed with their IQ?	Why are most Quora users so obsessed with questions about IQ?
What is the biggest black hole we know?	What was the size of the biggest black hole?
Which is the best and cheap projector to buy?	What is cheap and best projector?
What one experience defined the person you are today?	What has made you the person you are today?
What is one of the best feelings in the world?	What was your best feeling in the world?
How effective is scrapping 500 and 1000 rupee notes? Will it reduce black money?	How is discontinuing 500 and 1000 rupee note going to put a hold on black money in India?
What is noetics science?	What is noetic science?
What's the fastest way to make a friend?	How can you make a friend?
What are your opinions on Harry Potter and the Cursed Child?	Am i the only one slightly disappointed at reading harry potter and the cursed child?
Why do Quorans ask simple factual questions that can be answered with a single search on Google?	Why do some Quorans ask questions that could be answered with three mouse clicks on Wikipedia? For example: where/what is *country*…?
What are the top job portals in India?	Which is the best job Portals in India?
When is the world going to the end?	How will the world truly end?
How can one avoid queefing?	How can you avoid queefing?
What are some good animated movies?	What are some of the good animation movies?
What is the importance of civilization?	What is the importance of a civilization?
How much time would be needed for a medical student of class 11? And what should be the time table for that?	What should be the right time table for students of class 11 medical?
Could someone explain me Ron and Hermione love story?	Why don't Hermione fall in love with Harry?
Why are so many Quorans obsessed with IQ?	Why are most Quora users so obsessed with questions about IQ?
Are there any alien races in the universe?	Do alien really exist?
What are the pros and cons of charter schools?	What are some pros of charter schools? What are the cons?
Why is Autism Sensory overload painful?	Why is Autism sensory issues painful?
What is reliance jio?	How is Reliance Jio Service?
What are the best books for the beginners to learn Java?	What is the best book for beginners to learn java?
Indian media: Which news channel is the closest to unbiased journalism and truth?	Is there any single Indian news channel that is unbiased?
How did Donald Trump got elected when there are so many people against him?	How did Donald Trump win the election?
Where did the phrase "going cold turkey" come from?	What is the origin and meaning of the phrase "quitting cold turkey"?
What are some of your New Year's resolutions for 2017?	What's are your resolutions for 2017?
When did you first realize that you were gay?	When/how did you realize were not straight?
How do I delete Instagram without email or password?	How do I delete my Instagram account without a password or an email?
Which is the best QuickBooks data recovery support number in New York?	What is the quickbooks customer support phone number USA?
What is the greatest movie ever?	Which are best movie in history?
Why have human beings evolved more than any other beings on Earth?	What technicality results in humans being more intelligent than other animals?
Can you eat same thing every day and get all the nutrition you need?	Is eating the same thing every day healthy?
What's the best hotel in Whistler? What makes it the best?	What's the best hotel in Whistler?
Which is the best college for BBA?	What are the best colleges for bba?
What is double fertilization?	What is double fertilization? How does double fertilization happen?
Has anyone living in Kongka La Ladakh and using Quora seen a UFO?	Have you ever seen a UFO?
What time did you go to bed?	What time do you go to bed and why?
Where can I get amazing collection of floor tiles in Sydney?	Where can I get various range of stylish ceramic floor tiles in Sydney?
Do I need to pay again on coursera if I switch sessions?	In Coursera when we switch the session do we have to pay again if we want to take the same course again?
Is it safe to feed a cat tuna in oil?	Is it safe to feed a cat canned tuna?
How should India respond to Pakistan on recent URI attack?	How India can respond to the Uri terror attack?
I have forgotten my Facebook password and email password also?	How can I deactivate a Facebook account if I forgot the email address and the password?
How do you charge a laptop without a charger?	Can we charge a laptop without its charger?
What should be included in the pitch deck?	What should I cover in a pitch deck?
Are hunting knives legal to take camping in Canada?	Is it legal to own a hunting (camping) knife in Canada?
How can we get the best grades in school?	How can I get the best grades/better grades at school?
Is it a good idea to never open the lights in the evening to avoid blue light from interfering your sleep?	What evidence is there that exposure to blue light (say from a computer) late in the evening interferes with sleep?
How can I become rich in America?	How do you become rich in America?
How do I find a phone number’s location?	How can I locate a cell phone location?
Why did god create the devil?	Why did God create Lucifer?
Can Donald Trump still win the 2016 U.S. Presidential Election?	Does Donald Trump have any chance of winning the forthcoming election?
How do i help someone who is in mental trauma?	How do you help someone who's on the verge of a mental breakdown?
What does the lock symbol with a circle around it on an iPhone mean?	What does the iPhone icon with lock and arrow mean?
What actually is the purpose of life?	What is the purpose of life? Why are we here?
Is porn addictive?	Is porn addiction real?
What is the easiest and painless way to commit suicide?	What is the least painful way for suicide?
What does the phrase "be under the weather" mean?	What does "little under the weather" mean?
How can I win my life?	How do you win at life?
What is your opinion on the job Theresa May has done as British Prime Minister?	What do the British think of their new Prime Minister Theresa May?
What does an ordinary Pakistani citizen thinks about the latest surgical Strike by Indian Army in PoK?	What Pakistanis think about India's surgical strike on Pakistan?
What is the need for Computer Science in the military?	What can I do in the military with a computer science degree?
Where can I watch movies online?	What is best site to watch free movies online?
How do I improve on my public speaking skills?	What can I do to improve my public speaking skills?
What are signs that a person is emotionally unavailable?	What does it mean when a guy is emotionally unavailable?
How can I increase traffic to my site and what are some suggestions on how to get more of it?	How can I increase the traffic on a site?
What are some characteristics of concentric and eccentric contraction?	How do concentric and eccentric contraction compare and contrast?
Do you believe in god? and why?	Do you believe that there is a God? Why or why not?
If energy is created and not conserved in an expanding universe (that expands without limit) can infinite energy be created then?	If dark energy is being created with expansion can infinite of it be created?
How can I get Made Easy class notes for CE?	How can I get made easy notes for CE?
How long would it take me to learn Java?	How long does it take to learn Java?
How do I improve diet to gain weight? What are other options to gain weight?	What daily diet should I follow to gain weight?
Can anyone with weak eyesight join the Indian Army as an officer?	Can I join Indian army with a poor eyesight?
What was the cut off score for XLRI HRM & BM in 2016?	What was the cut off for the XLRI BM in terms of marks in the XAT 2016?
Why won't my Epson printer print?	Why won't my Epson printer print and how can I fix this?
Does Hillary Clinton have Parkinson's Disease?	How likely is it that Hillary Clinton has Parkinson's disease or other health issues as an explanation for her sometimes erratic movements?
What is the best book to learn c#?	Which is the best book to learn programming in C for beginners?
Will Amazon Go succeed in India?	When is Amazon Go coming to India?
Do most Americans support and will vote for Donald Trump?	Why should Americans vote for Donald Trump?
My question was marked as needing improvement! What does it mean? How do you mark other questions for improvement?	Most of my questions are marked as needing improvement. Where can I seek professional help?
What's a Good Disney movie?	What is the best Disney movie?
Which are some of the best YouTube channels to subscribe for?	What are some best YouTube channels?
Where can I buy special flavor cupcake at Gold Coast?	Where can I get wonderful flavors on cupcakes in Gold Coast?
What is project tango?	What exactly is Google's Project Tango?
Who is going to win the 2016 presidential election?	Who will win the election? Donald Trump or Hillary Clinton?
What is the process of starting an online store?	How can I create an online store?
Why can't I kill myself?	Why can’t I kill myself?
What's the purpose of life? What is life actually about?	What is the purpose of your life?
Which are the best smartphone security apps?	What are some smartphone security apps?
What irritates you more?	What irritates you the most?
How is Donald Trump a better choice than Hillary Clinton?	In what aspects is Hillary Clinton better than Trump?
How do I live without internet?	How do I live without the internet?
How do you start writing?	How can I start writing?
What are the best examples of the golden ratio in everyday life?	Can you give some unknown examples of the golden ratio in our daily life that not everyone knows?
Why do I have dreams every night?	Why do I dream every night?
What should be the URL to create blog on Quora?	How do you make the URL for your blog on Quora?
What is a Dajjal?	What is dajjal?
What do you think about Rashtriya Swayamsevak Sangh?	What do people in India think of the RSS (Rashtriya Swayamsevak Sangh)?
Describe the typical arrangement of element found in IBM Pc in first mega byte?	Describe the typical arrangement of elements found in IBM pc in first mega byte?
Which would be the best option in canada between MS and PG?	Is MS in Canada a better option than in the PG?
Why does BBC publish more negative news about India?	Is the BBC news channel racist towards India?
I can't remember my Gmail password or my recovery email. How can I recover my e-mail?	How do I reset my password to Gmail without my recovery information?
How is Yorkshire Tea made?	How do you make Yorkshire tea?
How will the ban of old 500 and 1000 rs notes help in bringing out the black money?	How will demonetization of 500 and 1000 rupee notes stop corruption?
How corrupt is Narendra Modi?	Is Narendra Modi a corrupt politician?
How can I Improve my Alexa ranking?	How do I improve the Alexa ranking of my site?
What happens when you don't put your phone on airplane mode on an airplane?	How much of an effect would my phone have on a plane if I didn't put it in airplane mode?
Will the fees rise after Brexit for Non-EU international students studying in the UK?	What does the Brexit mean for Non-EU International students studying in the UK?
What are some real life examples of Karma?	Are there real life karma police?
How do you guys wake up without an alarm clock?	How can I train my body to wake up early without any alarm clock?
How do I reset Gmail account password?	What are the reset steps for a Gmail password reset?
How can I be indifferent to what people think of me?	Why do I care so much about what other people think of me?
Is the Media truly biased towards Hillary Clinton?	Why is the media so biased towards Hilary Clinton?
How is india unique from other countries?	What makes India different from all other countries in the world?
How will I get a job in PWD?	How can I get a job in PWD?
When will Spotify arrive in India?	Daniel Ek: What are the hardships for Spotify to be launched in India?
What is the best way to self-teach scraping using Python?	What is the best web scraping tutorial with Python?
How do I prepare for CAT 2017 (BBA student)?	What are best ways to prepare for cat 2017?
Why is RBI not issuing new 1000 Rupees notes?	Why did RBI introduce 2000 rupee notes?
What is your strategy for trading binary options?	What are good strategies for trading binary options?
Why are muslims more religious as compared to other religions?	Why Muslims are so much religious as compare to other religions?
Who won the first Clinton-Trump debate? And why?	Who won the first presidential debate September 2016?
Is it possible to make money as a user on Quora?	How people make money by answering questions in Qoura?
Which part of the human body would you redesign?	What parts of the human body are poorly designed?
What are good new songs?	Which are the best new songs?
What is the procedure to get your Facebook page verified?	How do I get a Facebook page verified?
Where can I get affordable painting services in Brisbane?	Where can I find reasonable and very affordable painting services in Brisbane?
What's your advice for people who just turned 30?	What is the best advice for someone who just turned 30?
What is applied chemistry?	What is industrial or applied chemistry?
Do dreadlocks grow faster than normal hair?	What makes dreadlocks grow faster than normal hair?
Why do kids always lie to parents in awkward situations?	Why do so many kids tend to lie to their parents?
Why do so many Quorans insist on posting answers to a different question instead of the one that was asked?	Why do so many people on Quora answer the question they want to answer and not the question that was asked?
Is the Indian media the worst compared to other countries' media?	Is the Indian mainstream media (MSM) one of the worst in the world?
Why am I always thinking about suicide these days? I failed in life	Why am I always thinking about suicide?
What are general questions asked for in an interview	What are the common questions asked during interviews?
How would changing the 500 and 1000 currency notes help indian government in dealing with corruption?	How does the latest decision of abolishing 500 and 1000 rupee notes help the Government curb corruption?
What is ultimate goal of life?	What can be the ultimate goal of our life and why?
Does the entire brain pick up on any changes in neural activity by means of reading the change to the EM field caused by a localized activity?	Is it actually that the entire brain intercepts changes to the EM field and so simultaneously intercepts any localized neural activities?
How do lose weight with healthy way?	What is the best way to lose weight and not gain it back?
What is need of symmetrical components in power system?	What is the significance of symmetric components in a power system?
Who is your favorite Pokemon?	What is your favorite Pokemon?
What are some of the most underrated pleasures in life?	What is the most UNDERRATED pleasure?
What books should I use for the preparation of GMAT?	Which books should help us prepare for the GMAT?
Which president did you vote for in the 2016 election?	Who did you vote for in the 2016 Presidential Election?
What is one life hack so important you know that most of the people are unaware?	What are some mind blowing life hacks that most people don't know about?
How do I lose weight in a short time?	Whats the most effective way/ solution to lose weight in a short time?
If you could change one thing about your personality what would it be?	What's one thing you could change about your personality?
How do I know my spouse is cheating?	How do I find out my wife is cheating?
Are personality disorders mental illnesses by definition?	Are personality disorders a form of mental illness?
Why is Lipton's green tea helpful for losing weight?	Does green chai tea assist with weight loss?
How can I get a job at Google?	What does it take to work at Google?
Why do so many people ask questions on Quora instead of searching the answers on Wikipedia?	Why do people ask stupid questions on Quora that could be easily answered by Google?
What could I be instead of a fashionista if I'm an artist that draws?	What should I be instead of a fashionista if I'm an artist that draws?
What are the best thriller movies of all time?	What are some of the best horror and thriller movies?
What are biotic and abiotic factors? How do they differ?	What are the differences between biotic factors and abiotic factors?
What is an internship?	What is the meaning of an internship?
What are the best ways to learn two languages at once?	What is the best way to learn two languages ​​?
Why does a picture tell more than a thousand words?	Why is it that 'a picture is worth a thousand words'?
How can I be a really great conversationalist?	How can I be the best conversationalist?
How can i earn through youtube?	How can I make money through YouTube?
How do I become a successful person?	How do I become a successful person in life?
What app do people mostly use in the washroom?	What app people use in washroom?
What are some websites for downloading licence key?	What are some websites to download licence key?
How can I catch my husband cheating?	How did you catch your spouse cheating?
Can you lose weight without exercising?	How can you lose weight without doing exercises?
How does bureaucracy contribute to the effectiveness and efficiency of organisations?	How does bureaucracy contribute to the effective and efficiency of an organisation/government?
How may I know whether my wife is cheating on me?	How do I know know whether my gf is cheating me or not?
How can I increase the traffic on a site?	How do i get traffic for website?
Where should I start towards becoming a data scientist?	Where should I start from toward data scientist?
How can I increase the traffic to a website?	What is the best way to increase traffic for a new blog?
How do I find a basic purpose in my life?	How can I find my purpose in life?
What is the stupidest thing you have ever done?	What is the most stupidest thing you have ever done in your life?
What are some insane facts about Donald Trump?	What are some mind-blowing facts about Donald Trump?
How can I request my wife to shave her armpits and vagina in a manner that she may not feel bad?	How can I request my wife to shave her armpits and vagina in way that she will not feel bad?
What are the top 10 things that you want to do on your bucket list?	What are the top things on your bucket list?
Why do some people ask questions on Quora that could easily be answered by using a search engine?	Why do people ask question on Quora that can be easily and definitively answered by Googling?
What are the differences between Raspberry Pi and Arduino?	Where is the difference between Raspberry Pi & Arduino?
Why World War III are inevitable?	Can World War 3 ever take place?
Has India conducted surgical strikes on Pakistan during Congress government?	Is surgical attack by India is not first one as congress claims?
Do you like Aaj Tak?	Why do you dislike Aaj Tak?
How do I get rid of a pimple inside my lower eyelid?	How do I get rid of a pimple inside my eyelid?
Why is Somalia a failed state?	How did Somalia become such a failed state?
How can I increase the traffic to a website?	How can I increase the traffic to my website?
Why do so many people ask questions on Quora.com when they could easily find the answers themselves online?	Why do people ask questions on Quora that could simply be googled?
What are some personal experiences of corruption in India?	What is your experience of corruption in India?
Why do we like life hacks so much?	Why are life hacks so popular?
How do I make money from home?	What is an easy way make money online?
How do l study efficiently?	What are the best study strategies?
Does Sleep apnea cause health problems with any brain disorders?	What are the other health problems caused by sleep apnea?
Is Spotify not available in India?	Daniel Ek: When will spotify be available in India?
How do you find the contact e-mail and info based on a Twitter account?	How do I get contact info of a dormant Twitter account user to buy their account from him?
Which is the best laptop under 60k in india?	Which is the best laptop below rs60000?
What is the safest way to delete my Yahoo account?	How can can I delete my yahoo email account?
What's the quickest way to get rid of belly fat?	How do you lose belly fat?
Have the Ancient Anasazi been scientifically tested?	Have Ancient Akkadians been scientifically tested?
Who was the biggest traitor in Australian history?	Who is the biggest traitor in the history of Australia?
How can I explain to a 16 year old about the 2008 financial crisis?	Can you explain the 2008 financial crisis in simple terms? What caused it and how is it still affecting countries?
Which is the coldest country?	What is the coldest country in the world?
How is Italy's economy (8/12/2016)?	What is the economy of Italy like in 2016?
Why do people cheat in a relationship when they know their partner love them deeply?	What are the reasons people cheat on their partners?
What are the best ways to speak English fluently?	What is the best way to improve my spoken English soon?
What are some good mutual funds to invest in at the moment?	What is best mutual funds to invest?
Where do hackers learn to hack?	Where do black hat hackers and white hat hackers learn to hack?
Food: Is it safe to eat potatoes that have sprouted?	How safe is to eat potatoes that have sprouted? How is it different from eating a normal potato?
What is the best way to understand a concept clearly?	What's the best way to understand concepts?
Culturally how do we view failures?	How do we view failures culturally?
Is interface theory of perception by Donald Hoffman true according to neuroscience and evolutionary biology?	Do you have any opinion about Donald Hoffman's interface theory of perception?
What purpose do you find in life?	What should the purpose of your life?
Can you get your penis bigger?	How can get my penis to grow in length width and girth?
How can I crack the AMCAT?	How do I crack amcat in 2 months?
How do you set up an autoforward with Yahoo Mail?	How can I set up forwarding on Yahoo Mail?
Which presidential poll is more accurate?	Which presidential polls have proven to be the most accurate?
How does it feel like to be gay in India?	How does it feel to be homosexual in India?
What is the significance of a twitching left eye?	Why does my left eye keep twitching involuntarily?
How do you change your profile picture?	How can I change my Quora profile photo?
How is convict conditionning?	What is Convict conditioning?
Why do we need coordinate systems other than the rectangular coordinate system?	Why is the coordinate systems other than the rectangular coordinate system needed for?
What is a framework in programming? Can any one give me a perfect definition for the framework.?	What is a framework in programming?
How can I make money by making simple android app?	By creating android app can we really make money?
What are some Punjabi jokes?	What are some good Punjabi jokes?
How would I dress in the mid to late 80's gym wear that carried over into the year 1990 if I'm a guy?	How do I dress in the mid to late 80's gym gear that carried over into the year 1990 if I'm a guy?
How do I build up my credit report?	What are some good ways to build your credit when you have none?
What are the best programming practice sites?	What are the best websites to practice programming?
What is the solution of Kashmir problem?	What is the best political solution to the Kashmir conflict?
What can I do to lose 20 pounds?	How can I lose 10 Kilos?
Do you think that the new MacBook Pro (2016) is worth it?	What do developers think about the new MacBook Pro?
Why do people put those "Baby On Board" signs on their vehicles?	What is "Baby on Board" sign for?
What kind of projects can you put on your resume?	Which type of projects can we put in resume?
What exactly are the Illuminati?	What is illuminati? What does it do?
I want to create a math or science club at my school. What sorts of things could I do in that type of club?	What would you do in a math or science club or a society if you were a part of one?
Where can I found wonderful baking and most entertaining cupcakes in Gold Coast?	Where can I found adorable baked cupcakes in Gold Coast?
How can I earn money online?	What is the easiest way to earn money using internet?
How can I forget my past mistake?	How can I forget my past and all mistakes?
How can I improve my English speaking skills as well as writing skills?	How can I improve my English writing skills? Which books do you suggest?
How can I get rid of pimples all over my face?	What should I do to remove pimples from face?
How do you prepare green tea?	How do I make delicious cup of green tea?
What are the best digital marketing agencies in India?	Who are the best digital marketers in India?
What should I do to earn money online?	What is an easy way make money online?
What type of antenna is used in mobile phone receivers?	Which antenna used in mobiles?
How do you know when you've found the right girl?	How do I know if I found the one?
What is the best way to learn data structures?	What are best resources for learning Data Structures?
How do I explain the difference between a VC and an Angel Investor to my ten year old?	What's the difference between a VC and an Angel Investor?
What are some mind blowing things that mos't people dont know?	What are some mind blowing tools and things that most people don't know?
What is it like to have a vacation home?	What's it like to own a vacation home?
How can you make a girl like you?	What one should do to make a girl fall in love with him?
Why do people hate Hillary Clinton?	Why do people dislike Hillary Clinton? What has she done wrong?
What is your score in KVPY SA 2016 (aptitude test)? What is the expected cutoff?	What do you think the cutoff of KVPY 2016 SA would be?
What can I do if a officer falsified a police report?	What if a police officer completely falsifies your police report?
Why do I always feel frustrated?	Why do I always feel frustated?
Is Doing Diploma in Nautical science is necessary before joining IMU?	Is it necessary to do a diploma in nautical science before joining IMU?
How long does it take to pass out without water?	How long does it take to pass out without drinking water?
What is the difference between phlegm and sputum?	What are the differences between phlegm and sputum? What are their similarities?
Is Barron Trump autistic?	Is Trump’s son autistic?
Why are people so stupid?	Why are some people so stupid?
Why was Russia's Ambassador assassinated?	Why was ambassador Andrei Karlov assassinated?
Is there any way to hack facebook account?	How do we hack a Facebook account?
From where can I pursue digital marketing course?	What are some CV worthy online Digital Marketing courses?
Why do some people on Quora go anonymous?	Why do people tend to go Annonymous on Quora for no reason?
Would ISPs block forums without net neutrality?	Would internet service providers really block forum sites if we lose net neutrality?
What does baptism mean?	Why is the sacrament of baptism important?
Which according to you is the best movie of all time? Select only one choice.	What are the five best movies of all time?
What are the mathematical pre-requisites for studying machine learning?	What mathematics are necessary for machine learning?
How do I find an investors for my show idea?	Where can I find investors for my show idea?
How far south will the Turkish military and the rebels go in Syria with Operation Euphrates Shield?	How deep will the Turkish military go into Syria?
How do you recover from burnout?	What is the best way to recover from burnout?
How can I get good grades without studying?	How do students that don't study get good grades?
How do I start my preparations for Google Summer of Code 2016?	What should I do to get an entry in the Google Summer of Code contest?
What is black money and how can it effect the economy of a country?	What are the ill effects of black money on indian economy?
How was the modern state of Israel created?	What is the origin story of the modern state of Israel? How was the modern state of Israel formed?
What is space lattice?	What actually is crystal and space lattice?
What is the quickest possible way to lose weight?	What is the fastest way to lose fat and keep it off?
What is the old name of India?	What are the old names of India?
Why is Donald Trump not racist?	Is Donald Trump racist?
Which smartphone is superior between the iPhone 7 and the Samsung Galaxy S7?	Which is better: iPhone 7 or Samsung Galaxy S7?
What is the expected cutoff for KVPY 2016 SA -stream 2016?	How many questions did you attempt and how many marks do you expect in KVPY SA 2016?
Do women feel the same amount of pain if they get hit in the crotch as men do?	Do girls also feel pain when they are hit in their private area?
Where can I get moving services in Central Coast?	Where can I get very reliable furniture removal services in Central Coast?
How many days will take to learn steno language?	How many days it will to take to learn steno language?
What do I need to know about product design?	What do I need to learn for product design?
How was the first day at IIT college?	What happened on your first day at IIT?
How do I get a boyfriend at age 13?	How can I get a boyfriend at age 13?
Which moment was one of the best moment of your life?	Can you describe the best moment in your life?
Who is going to win the presidential election?	Who do you think will win the 2016 presidential election?
How does expiry date is calculated for medicins?	How do pharmaceutical compute the expiry date of a medicine?
I have a startup idea. The business plan is ready. How should I raise funding for it?	How can I find funding for a startup business?
How can detect the source of news articles?	How can detect the provenance of news articles?
Which company provides the best professional SEO service in India?	Where can I find some of the best SEO services in India?
How do I get fit and get rid of body fat?	How do I get rid of the fats covering my muscles all over my body?
How can I overcome my porn addiction?	How can I stop my porn addiction?
What do I need to learn to become a programmer?	What langauges I should learn to become programmer?
How do you strengthen your forearms?	How can I strengthen my grip?
Which Chinese fighter aircraft is technologically most advanced and which US aircraft is comparable to it?	Which fourth generation Chinese fighter aircraft is technologically most advanced?
How can I hack the mobile phones of my friends?	How do I hack phones?
How can I score good marks in GRE?	How do I get a good score in GRE?
Why is the total energy of the universe zero?	What is the total energy of the Universe? Is it zero?
What is relative motion?	What is relative motion? And relativity?
How much data does the average Netflix subscriber consume?	How much data does a netflix subscriber consume on average per month?
What do British people think about Balfour Declaration?	How do people in the U.K. feel about the Balfour Declaration?
Are we heading towards World War III?	How soon is world war III?
How is Cengage Books for JEE Advanced?	Are the cengage books for math and phy good enough for JEE advanced 2017?
What is an open relationship?	How do you define an open relationship?
What is the reason behind the resignation of Tata Sons (Tata Group) chairman Cyrus Mistry?	Why did Ratan Tata remove Cyrus Mistry?
How do I join Quora?	How can I join Quora as a fresher?
What's a good book to self-study topology?	What's the best entry book for topology?
What developments have taken place in Varanasi Loksabha constituency after Modi has won this seat?	What changes have taken place in Varanasi after PM Modi took over as their MP?
What are some Tips & Tricks for moving in a hostel?	What are the tips to teenagers living in a hostel?
How did Hillary Clinton escape email charges?	If Hillary Clinton broke the laws on the email scandal why is that she was not indicted?
How does the HP OfficeJet 4620 Airprint compare to the HP LaserJet Enterprise 700 Printer M712dn?	How does the HP OfficeJet 4620 Airprint compare to the HP DesignJet T730 36-in Printer?
How can I disconnect communication between my car and GPS tracking device?	How do I disconnect a GPS installed by a finance company?
Why is it I am no longer notified of comments on my answer?	Why am I no longer being informed with a notification when someone comments on my answers?
Did Donald Trump announce that he believed President Obama was born in the U.S. in order to avoid a potential debate showdown on the topic?	Why did Donald Trump admit President Obama was born in the U.S.?
What is a ballistic galvanometer?	What is ballistics galvanometer?
Modi's announcement on banning 500 and 1000 currency notes. How would it affect economy?	Will the currency ban in India affect the economy?
Where can I get best assistance in Sydney to get any secured commercial mortgage loan?	Where can I get best assistance for commercial real estate term loans in Sydney?
How do I start programming in Python?	What is the best way to start a program with Python?
Which are the best hospitals in India for kidney treatment?	Which hospital in India is best for treatment of chronic kidney disease?
How India will be benifited by Donald Trump's win in US presidential election?	How does India stand to gain from the US President-elect Mr. Donald Trump?
Can you help me looking for a Brazilian dance academy?	Can anyone help me looking for a Brazilian dance academy?
What are some good movies on mental illness?	What are the top 10 greatest movies about mental Illness?
Which is the most dangerous chemical?	Which is the most dangerous chemical on Earth?
How do I cope with a long distance relationship?	Do long distance relationships ever work out?
Are we getting closer to world war 3?	Is World War 3 more imminent than expected?
Why does you become an engineer?	Why would/did you like to become an engineer?
Is it possible that Donald Trump is campaigning very badly "intentionally" in order to Hillary Clinton can win?	Is Hillary Clinton secretly paying Donald Trump to throw the election?
How do I recover my lost Gmail password if I don't have the same number and don't remember the recovery email?	How can I add a recovery phone number to my Gmail account without password to my account?
What is the purpose of hymen?	What's the purpose of a hymen?
How do I find my drivers license number?	What is my driver license number?
Can we use Jio 4G sim to 3G handsets?	Is it possible to run Jio 4G in 3G mobile phones? If yes then how?
Is java programming easy?	Is Java hard to learn?
What is like having sex for the first time?	How does first time sex feels like?
Critically assess the significance of European written documents as employed in the reconstruction of African history?	Can you critically assess the significance of European written documents as employed in the reconstruction of African history?
What are some of the best colleges/universities for pursuing a master's in data science?	What are good universities for M.S. in Data Science?
What can I do if I lost my iTunes card?	What are some ways of retrieving my lost iTunes card?
How can I teach my almost 6 year old son to control his anger?	My 7 year old son has anger issues. What can I do?
How can I start an e-commerce business?	How do I start and run an E-commerce business?
What are some of the unknown facts about Salman Khan?	What are some unknown facts about Salman Khan?
What are the best ways to deal with and/or avoid jet lag?	How can I deal with jet lag?
What are the components required to build a mobile jammer for my project purposes?	What are the components required to build a mobile jammer?
Why is there no "DIY Chemistry" culture in the same way that there is a "DIY Biology" culture?	Why is there no "DIY Physics" culture in the same way that there is a "DIY Biology" culture?
How do I start a knitting and crochet business?	How do I start prosperous crochet business?
Why is standard of Quora questions decreasing?	Why is the standard of questions asked on Quora decreasing significantly?
Would it be better if gender roles wouldn't exist? What would the world be like without them?	What would the world be like without genders?
How do I reduce my lower abdomen fat?	Which exercise is effective to reduce tummy and belly fat?
What are the most highly anticipated movies coming out in 2017?	What are the upcoming movies of year 2017?
What are some good Bacardi 151 mixers?	What goes well with Bacardi 151 rum?
How do I live peacefully?	How can I live in peace?
How are the Emergency Alert System tones produced and what do they mean?	Why do tests of the Emergency Alert System on TV and radio include those loud and obnoxious noises?
Is Nestle dividend taxable (NSE) as it is foreign company not Indian company?	Is tax from Nestle dividend taxable (NSE) as it is foreign company not Indian company?
How can I improve my English Language?	What are some ways to improve English?
How do you know if your partner loves you?	How do you know if your partner really loves you?
Do girls prefer huge long penis?	Do women prefer longer penis?
How can Sanskrit language be developed as a programming language for computer?	What do you think about Sanskrit being used as a programming language?
What is a good plan for a first date around Mission district in San Francisco?	What's a good place to meet up for a drink on a first date in the Mission?
How do I prepare for gsoc 2017 with very little C++ programming experience?	How do I prepare for GSOC 2017?
How much of population is actually gay? 3% or 10%?	What percentage of the world population is gay?
How does Dream11 website earns money?	How does Dream11 earn money?
How do I get rid of cellulite on my butt?	Why do people have cellulite and how do you get rid of it?
How do I stop masturbation permanently?	How can I stop the urge to masturbate?
What is the best Alabama SEO Company?	Which company is the best SEO in Alabama?
How long does THC stay in your urine?	How long does weed stay in your blood?
What is the best weed in the world?	Which are the best weed in the world?
How much information can human brain store?	Is there a limit to how much knowledge a human brain can retain?
How are the veto powers of the United Nations selected?	On what basis was the veto power was given to the five countries that are permanent members of the United Nations Security Council?
Is the first year of marriage usually harder?	Is the first year of marriage usually harder or easier?
What are the best SEO tips for a new startup?	What would be a good SEO strategy for a beginner / new site?
What I do if Iwant to learn English well?	How can I learn to speak English fluently?
What are the best places to eat in and around the University of Kentucky?	What are the best restaurants near the University of Kentucky's campus?
What triggers people to buy products?	How do I make people buy products?
How can I be more patient?	How can I become more patient?
How long does it take to become a clinical psychologist?	How many years of study does it take to become a clinical psychologist?
How is scrapping of Rs 500 and Rs 1000 currency notes affect our daily life?	How will changing currency notes of 500 INR and 1000 INR affect poor and illetarate people in India?
What's the highest point on Earth?	Where is the highest place on Earth?
How will a Trump presidency affect scientific research?	How will Trump's Presidency affect academic/scientific research?
How do I use Derma Gieo Serum?	How do I apply Derma Gieo Serum?
How do I speak English fluently?	How can I speak fluent English with accuracy?
How is graphic design different from web design?	Diffrence betweem web design and graphic design.?
Why India can't ban Chinese products?	What if India bans import of all Chinese products?
How can I win in life?	What is the best way to succeed in life?
How will Donald Trump's presidency affect international students?	How will Trump’s presidency affect international students in the US?
How do I find an entrepreneurial mentor?	How does someone find a mentor?
What are the best mid size firms for articleship in Hyderabad?	What are the top mid size firms for articleship in Hyderabad?
Can I hack any phone by just having his phone number?	Can someone hack my phone without the phone just with the phone Number?
What are the various ways through which one can earn money online?	What is the easiest way to earn money from online?
How many faculties in South eastern university of Sri Lanka?	How many faculties are there in South Eastern university of Sri Lanka?
What are the best thing to study in university?	What is the best thing to study in university?
How do I increase height at age of 16?	My age in 22 and my height is 5'5 I want more height its possible?
How can I get rid of acne and scars?	What are the best ways to get rid of acne?
What so women want?	What do women want in general?
How much time will spotify take to land in India?	Daniel Ek: When is Spotify coming to india?
How does one become a hacker?	How can I become hacker?
How can I build traffic for my website?	How can I get traffic for my website?
In regards to gay/transgender terminology what is a twink?	What is a twink?
Where can I find an online course for digital marketing?	What is the best digital marketing course online for a beginner?
What is the best electric razor.?	Which is the worlds best electric shaver?
What is the meaning of living life?	What do you think is the ultimate meaning of life?
Is washing your hair daily bad?	Is washing your hair daily with shampoo harmful?
What are some recipes to slow-cook a brisket in the oven?	How do you cook brisket in the oven?
What are the best ways to lose weight fast?	How can I lose weight quickly in 2 weeks?
Which is the best book to learn Python?	Which is the best book for Beginners to learn Python?
What does the stock market do?	What is the stock market?
How do I speak English like celebrities?	How do I speak fluent English with confidence?
Should one believe in the horoscope?	Should we believe in horoscope?
How does stereo differ from mono?	What is mono audio and how does it differ from stereo audio?
What are some interesting speech topics? How to teach them in class?	What are some interesting speech topics for students?
Why do people ask questions on Quora instead of Googling it?	Why do people ask so many Googleable questions on Quora?
What does Trump's popularity tell us about America as a country?	What does Donald Trump's success tell us about the American public?
How does a satellite send pictures and messages?	How does a satellite send a picture from space?
What is the best way to make money on Quora?	How can I earn money through Quora?
Is the US election rigged?	Is the election rigged in America?
How do I buy weed online?	Can you buy weed online?
What are the conditions/criteria for gifting a Rolls Royce?	What should be my status to buy rolls royce?
How do I bake cake in microwave?	How do I bake a chocolate cake at home using microwave?
What are some top hollywood movies?	What are must watch Hollywood movies?
Can I write one-word answers on Quora?	How do I write one word answer on Quora?
Which are the positive benefits of banning existing ₹500 and ₹1000 currency notes in India?	What are benefits of change in ₹500 ₹1000 notes?
How far will technology advance within the next 50 years?	How do you imagine technology would be in next 50 years?
How do I control your thoughts?	What is the best way to control your thoughts?
How can we earn on YouTube?	How can I make money on YouTube?
To what extent did the implementation of actions listed in the McCollum Memo provoke Japan into starting war with the US in 1941?	To what extent did the McCollum Memo provoke Japan into starting war with the US in 1941?
How do pimples go away on their own?	Does Pimple go away in its own?
How can I have a perfect life?	What are good ways to have the perfect life?
How can I change my family?	How do I change my family?
How does one learn how to hack?	How do you learn about hacking?
How do I prepare for CAT 2017 from August 2016?	How can I prepare for CAT 2017?
What does a CPU actually do and how?	How does a CPU unit work?
Which facts should everyone know in biology?	What should everyone know about biology?
What's the difference between the title "founder" and "co-founder"?	What is the difference between the term founder and co-founder?
Can you trust the information on Quora?	Do you trust Quora?
How do I get rid of ingrown hair?	What are some ways to remove an ingrown hair?
How can one start creating virtual Reality content?	How can I get started with building virtual reality apps?
What is the difference between purchasing and procurement?	What is the difference between procurement and purchasing?
What are the full implications of the Indian government's decision to withdraw all the old 500 and 1000 rupee notes from circulation?	Is Modi's decision on demonetization of 500 and 1000 notes welcomed by public?
What are some examples of websites with great design?	What website do you think has great design?
Do you make money by writing answers on Quora?	Do we get money if we answer the questions on Quora?
Should India go for another war with Pakistan?	Should India declare a war on Pakistan and Why?
Can someone see that I have viewed their stories on Instagram after I temporarily disable my account?	Can someone see that I've viewed their Instagram story once I've disabled temporarily my account?
How do I learn Spanish fast?	How can I learn to speak Spanish fluently?
Who leaked “Great Grand Masti” on torrent?	How the movie Great Grand Masti has been leaked ?
What companies have the best customer service in the world and what principles they follow?	Who has the Best customer service?
How can I use Omegle on my iPod Touch and how is it compared to using Chat Roulette?	How can I use Omegle on my iPod Touch and how is it compared to using Chatroulette?
Who is Jake Williams and why is he getting so much famous on Quora?	Why is Jake Williams popular on Quora?
How can I stop my habit of masturbation?	How can I avoid the habit of masturbating?
How can I become a good web designer?	What are the best ways to be a better web designer?
Which is the best college offer mba course in gwalior?	What are the best MBA colleges in Gwalior?
Is Reliance Jio really providing calls for free?	Are Reliance Jio calls completely free?
How do I live peacefully?	How do you live in peace?
What are your views on PM Modi scrapping ₹500 and ₹1000 notes and introducing ₹2000.	What are your views on demonetization of ₹500 & ₹1000 notes in India?
How can I improve my vocabulary?	How can one increase vocabulary?
What should I give my mother on her birthday?	What gift should I give on my mother's birthday?
How can you update a Coby Kyros tablet?	How do you update a Coby Kyros tablet?
What are metalloids?	What are the metalloids?
Would you consider yourself lucky?	Do you consider yourself as a lucky person? (Yes/No) Why?
Movie Review: What is your review of Rouge One: A Star Wars Story (2016 movie)?	What do you think about the movie Rogue One: A Star wars story?
How do you get rid off emontions?	How do I get rid of emotion?
Where are the prostitutes in Delhi?	Where can I find a prostitute in Delhi?
How do I develop my fourteen years old son's personality?	How do I develop my son's personality?
What are the best online short courses in digital marketing?	Which is best digital marketing course?
What are things I know as a mechanical engineer?	What are the things mechanical engineers should know?
What are top 10 Malayalam movies to watch?	Which is the top 10 Malayalam movies ever?
What are the best online certified courses in Supply chain management?	What is the best online course on supply chain management?
What do you think is Forex Trading so much risky?	What do you think is forex trading is risky?
What will be the best SEO strategies in 2017?	What is the best SEO strategies in 2017?
Have you ever dated a porn star?	What is it like to date a porn star?
How do jellyfish change color?	How do jellyfish change color in the ocean?
Why do people ask questions on Quora that could simply be googled?	Why are there so many people using Quora to answer questions that can easily be found with a simple Google search?
Where can I find an online course for digital marketing?	What is the best digital marketing course available online and offline in India and Why?
Why are American Saltwater Taffy candies imported in Japan?	Why is salt water taffy candy unknown in Japan?
How could I make a girl love me?	What one should do to make a girl fall in love with him?
Why are all my questions on Quora marked needing improvement?	Why are ALL my questions being marked as needing improvement?
Are twin flames real?	Do twin flames really exist?
How can I make my laptop run faster?	What are some ways to make your laptop faster?
How do I see who viewed any video on instagram?	Can you see who views your videos in Instagram?
What are some of the most ridiculous excuses for being late?	What are some excuses for being late?
How do I get over my fear of dying?	How did you get over your fear of death?
How can I understand English native speakers' speaking?	How can I better understand some native English expressions?
What is the dumbest question you ever read on Quora?	What's the dumbest question ever to be asked on Quora?
Which is the best apps for download games?	What is the best app for downloading games?
What are the best free Online Resources for learning German?	What's the best site to learn German?
How do I ask a really great question on Quora?	How do I ask a question on Quora properly?
Does smoking cigarette cause hair loss?	Does smoking cause hair loss?
In what kingdom is mold classified in? Why?	In what kingdom is mold classified in?
Why are so many people risking their lives to enter Europe from Africa?	Why are so many people migrating from Africa especially Libya to European countries and what is the reaction of Europe regarding this migration?
What makes you feel happy to be alive?	What makes you happy to be alive?
How do I prepare for my presentation?	What's the best way to prepare for a presentation?
What books should I refer to study topics of JEE advanced?	Which book should I refer to face JEE advanced problems?
Does Donald Trump wear a toupée?	Is it true that Donald Trump wears a wig?
What are the best simple ways to loose weight?	Which are the best ways to lose weight?
Why do old books smell so good?	Why do old books smell like that?
How do I deal with stage fright?	Do you have any tactics to fight stage fright?
Which is the best digital media course in India?	What are some good digital courses in India?
Wunderlist vs. todoist?	Which one did you choose: Wunderlist or Todoist?
What is the use of format specifiers in c?	What is the format specifier in C?
What are your favorite cocktails?	What is your favorite cocktail?
What is better: Friends or HIMYM?	Which show is better? Friends or HIMYM?
Has anyone found a way to make money using Quora?	How can I earn money on Quora?
What is an educator's job?	What should an educator's job be?
Who do you think will win the Super Bowl 51?	Who is going to win the Super Bowl 2017?
Does China own us?	Does technically China own America money wise?
What would you say if your child is gay?	What would be your reaction if you were told that your child is gay?
What is your favourite quote? Why?	Which is your absolute favorite quote?
What causes a nightmare?	What do you think causes bad dreams?
What are some of the best mobile gadgets?	What are some of the best phones tools and gadgets?
What was Vietnam War really about?	What was the Vietnam war?
How do you stop a Terrier/Border Collie mix from destroying your furniture?	How can I stop my dog from humping my furniture?
How can I grow a few inches taller?	In what ways can I grow taller?
How can I get people to buy from my website?	How do I get people to buy from my website?
What is your best movie?	What is the recommendation movie?
What are some favorite YouTube Hacks?	What are some must know youtube hacks?
How good is Joaquin Phoenix as an actor?	Is Joaquin Phoenix the greatest actor of this generation?
What is your favorite music artist or music band of all time?	What is your favorite band right now? Why?
Which is the best site to download movies?	Which best sites to download movies?
What's the difference between being sarcastic and being facetious?	What is the difference between sarcastic and facetious?
What is better Java or c# to start a career as a software developer?	Which is better for a career: Java developer or C# developer?
What does a meteor have to do with the origin of life?	What exactly does a meteor have to do with the origin of life?
How does anything exist?	Why does the universe exist? Why does mankind exist?
How many calories do you burn from cycling?	How many calories are burned while cycling?
[Spoilers]What do you think about Harry Potter and the Cursed Child?	How is the new Harry Potter book "Harry Potter and the Cursed Child"?
What is your opinion on the new MacBook Pro Touch Bar?	What do you think about the OLED touch bar on the new MacBook Pro?
What is an identity function?	What is the identity function and what is an example of it?
What does Data encryption mean?	What does encrypted data means?
What can I blog about?	What should I blog about?
How do I find my gmail password?	How do I recover my Gmail account password?
How can I earn money using my Quora profile?	How can I earn money on Quora?
What are the best websites for studying mechanical engineering?	Which is the best website for online study of mechanical engineering?
How should I loose weight?	What is a good diet to lose weight?
What chain of events would happen if Donald Trump was assassinated today?	What would happen if Donald Trump was assassinated?
What are the best romantic comedy movies to watch?	What are the best romantic comedy movies?
Can Atheism solve problems created by religious fundamentalism?	Is atheism an answer to religious terrorism?
Are the Russians happy with the fact that Donald Trump is elected as the president of America?	How do Russians feel about the election of Donald Trump for president of the USA?
What is the Expected cutoff for KVPY SA stream 2016?	How was KVPY SA 2016?
How to reduce my tummy?	What are the foods that reduce tummy fat?
How does banana bread differ from banana cake?	How does a banana bread differ from a banana cake?
Do women enjoy sex?	Can women actually enjoy sex? And How?
What is the best book for core Java for beginners?	What are the best java books?
What is the best lesson in life?	What is the best lesson you have learned from your life?
What is the most beautiful thing you have ever seen?	What is the most beautiful thing that you have ever seen?
Why is there a regulation on the freedom of speech in Quora as it is called a freedom speech forum?	Why does Quora limit freedom of speech so much?
What is the easiest way to quit chewing tobacco?	How can I quit the habbit of chewing tobacco?
Where can I get very nice and original flavor cupcakes in Gold Coast?	Where can I get wonderful flavors on cupcakes in Gold Coast?
Family should be priority than work?	Why should family be prioritized over work?
What do you think of the teaser trailer of Ae Dil Hai Mushkil?	What is your review on Ae dil hai mushkil teaser?
What are logic gates?	What is a logic gate?
Does dying hair increase my risk for cancer?	Does hair dye increase your risk of cancer?
What are some interesting startups of 2014?	What are some of the best startups of 2014?
Why do guys stare a lot at girls?	Why do guys like to stare at girls?
How do you make easy money online?	How can I start to make money online?
What are the chances that the Modi govt. would abolish reservation based on caste?	Would Modi "dare" to abolish the reservation?
Who will you choose the person who loves you or the person you love?	Will you be with the person you love or a person who loves you?
What is the best way to suicide?	How commit suicide?
How can one get out of rat race?	How can I escape from the rat race?
What are some of the myths that people still believe in?	What are some of the myths that most people seem to believe in?
Why would a person go insane?	What causes a person to go insane?
Will you marry a girl who is not virgin?	Why would you marry a non-virgin?
What are some small and best ways to make or save money?	What are some small ways to make or save money?
How do I lose weight without quitting?	How can I lose weight slowly and naturally?
What is the reason behind the resignation of Tata Sons (Tata Group) chairman Cyrus Mistry?	Why did Tata Sons removed/sacked Cyrus Mistry as the chairman?
Who is a better Person for office Hillary of Donald?	Who would be a better president: Hillary Clinton or Donald Trump?
What are some books similar to the Bible?	What are similar books to the Bible?
What are the best sites to learn Japanese?	What's the best apps or sites to learn Japanese?
What are the bitter truths of being at VIT?	What are some bitter truths of VIT?
What is project Google's project loon?	What is Google's Project Loon?
What are some facts about Rajdeep Sardesai?	What are some of the shameful facts about Barkha Dutt?
Which is the best platform to learn Android mobile application development?	What are the good online tutorials and books to learn Android development?
What is Hillary Clinton's plan to deal with ISIS?	What will be Hillary Clinton's approach be towards ISIS?
How do I attract girls for sexual relationship?	How can I attract women?
What are the good companies for internships in Dubai?	What are the good companies for internship in Dubai?
How can I fall in love again?	How can I get the courage to fall in love again?
How do I gain access to a private Instagram account?	How do I view someone's private Instagram pictures?
How can I get internships in DMRC?	How can one get an internship at DMRC?
Can I use Jio sim in my 3G mobile?	Can I use Jio sim in 3G handset phone?
How do I delete Instagram account when you forgot your password and email?	How do I delete an Instagram account if I don't know the email or password?
How do hackers learn how to hack?	Where do black hat hackers and white hat hackers learn to hack?
Is it healthy or effective to lose weight by starving yourself?	How can starving yourself to lose weight adversely affect your health?
What kinds of jobs can you get with an associates degree?	What is the scope of associate degree? What kind of jobs can I get with the associate degree?
Who designed the new 500 and 2000 rupees note?	Who designed the new currency note for Rs 500 and Rs 2000?
What does blind people see in their dreams?	Do people who are blind from birth have dreams?
Why does the Apple Watch require an iPhone?	Can I use the Apple Watch without an iPhone?
What happens if a black hole die?	What happens to the spacetime fabric inside a black hole after it dies?
Who was Lilith in the Bible?	Who is lilith in the Bible?
Why isn't Reliance into the automobile industry?	Why hasn't Reliance entered the automobile industry?
Can I find good girl friend in Quora?	I want a girl friend. So I can share my feelings and thoughts With her. How can I find a girl on Quora?
Should Pakistan give Kashmir to India?	Should India apologize to Pakistan and give independence to Kashmir?
What are the great books to read before I die peacefully? And how can I get updated with the new releases?	What are some great books to read before I can die peacefully? And how can I get updated with new releases?
Why does Quora always mark my questions as needing improvement?	Why are my questions always flagged as needing improvement?
How do I develop better people skills?	How can I get better people skills?
Why are there so many dumb questions asked on Quora?	Why do people ask dumb questions on Quora?
Why is it that coding is so important?	Why is coding important?
What is life like living on an island?	What does it feel like to live on an island?
Is time travel possible and if yes can we travel only in past or future or both?	Will time travel be possible in the next 10 years?
What is the best place for a visit in December in India?	What are the best places to visit in India in December?
Is time travel possible in next 5 years?	Will time travel ever become possable?
How do i lose weight?	How should I lose weight?
Can we make money if I attach car to ola or uber and how much I can earn?	How do I make money by attaching my car to Ola and Uber?
How do I transfer vehicle from one state to other without changing the registration number?	How can I use a bike in a different state without changing the registration number?
What is the best way to see things the way they are?	How do I see things as they are?
What was the best gift you gave yourself?	What is best gift you ever gave to yourself (with your money of course)?
How can it be proved with graph/calculus that the substitution effect must always be negative?	Why is the substitution effect always negative?
How are concentric and eccentric contractions formed?	How are eccentric and concentric contractions formed?
Which is the best bus service from bangalore to goa and why?	Which is the best bus service from Bangalore to Goa?
How can I make money as a 14 year old?	How can I make money while Iam just 14 years old?
Could Hillary Clinton actually go to jail?	Why is Hillary Clinton not in jail?
What is it like to work with Barack Obama on a daily basis?	What is it like to work with Barack Obama?
What is collateral axon? What is its function?	What is a collateral axon? What function does it have?
How should air pollution in Delhi be reduced?	How can we make Delhi pollution free?
What is a niche market?	What are Niche markets?
How can you build a strong brand for your business?	How do you build a strong brand for a small Business?
Who are the best mystery writers?	Who is the best mystery writers?
How were the central powers of WWI formed?	How were the Central Powers formed in WWI?
What are the best earphones under 1000Rs?	Which headphones/earphones are the best under ₹1000?
What are some good things you learned on Quora?	What have you learned by using Quora?
How can I get back my gmail account?	How do I get back my Gmail account?
Hollywood MOVIE DOWNLOAD SITE?	What are good sites to download Hollywood or Bollywood Movies?
How do I raise money for a real estate development?	How can I raise capital for real estate development?
Has anyone living in india seen a UFO?	Have you ever seen a UFO?
Are dreams alternate realities?	Are dreams an alternate reality?
Is there any evidence that quarks really exist?	How do we know that quarks exist?
Why Muslims hate Modi government?	Why does many Muslims hate Modi?
How do you fix an iPhone when it hangs?	What can you do if your iPhone freezes?
Who is the worst person in the history of the world?	Who is the worst person in this world?
What can be the medium budget to visit best places in Kerala for three members (2-3 days)?	Which places should I visit if I am going to Kerala for a week with friends?
How do I learn QTP?	What is the best way to learn everything about QTP?
Which is the best digital marketing training institute in Pune providing good job assistance?	Which is the best training institute in Pune for digital marketing and why?
How can I gain weight fast by exercise?	How do I gain weight fast naturally.Tell me some home remedies?
Whats the most popular song?	What's the most popular song?
What are some ideas to get up early in the morning?	How to get up early in the morning and be active?
What is a Newtonian?	What is the Newtonian?
What is the fastest way to learn to use LaTeX?	Where can I learn LaTeX?
How can I get an internship in iisc?	How does one get a research internship at IISc?
What are the consequences of ingesting dish soap?	How harmful could it be to ingest dish soap?
Why was birchbox successful?	How Birchbox became successful?
What are the things that are important in life?	What do you think is the most important thing in life?
How do we know whether someone is lying to you?	How do I know that a person is lying to me?
Which is the best smartphone within 15k?	Which phone is best under 15k?
Are some people naturally mean spirited?	Are some people naturally mean?
What are the security features in new currency notes?	How difficult is it to copy new 2000 rupee currency note?
What is the difference between a porn figure and a prostitute?	What is the difference between a pornstar and a prostitute?
What is the best book on confidence?	What are the best books on confidence?
How do you know if you are in love or just limerice?	How do you know you are in love with someone?
How did you turn atheist?	How and why did you become an atheist?
What are some good songs that are not well known?	What are some of the best songs that aren't very well known?
What are the career options available for an electrical engineering graduate?	What are the best career options for electrical engineer who is interested in construction field?
How can I solve rubix cube? Is there any formula for it?	How do I solve the magic cube?
What was Josef Mengele like in person?	What was Joseph Mengele like?
How do Quora's algorithm works?	How does the Quora algorithm work?
Why do people talk to infants in weird tones?	Why do people talk in a weird voice to babies?
What is best strategy for study?	What should I do to focus on study?
What do you think about Reservation System In India?	What do you think of reservation system in India?
How can I increase the traffic on a site?	How do I increase traffic on my site?
Can I see who liked someone else's tweets?	How can I see who likes a tweet on someone else's account?
How do I forget someone whom I once loved and cared for deeply?	How do I forget a loved one?
Is it true that aerodynamically the bumblebee should not be able to fly?	Is it true that aerodynamically the bumble bee shouldn't be able to fly or is that a myth?
Who is live on google world famous astrologer?	Who is top 1 world famous astrologers?
Why are purses more prone to being stolen by accident than others?	Why are purses more prone to being stolen by accident then others?
What are the best Hollywood movies to watch in 2016 (released ones)?	List of best Hollywood movies 2016?
Why did the government produce new notes of ₹2000 instead of new ₹1000 notes?	If ₹500 and ₹1000 notes are banned then why are new ₹500 and ₹2000 notes being introduced?
Do eggs really cause high cholesterol?	Does eating eggs everyday cause cholesterol?
Can we time travel?	Can we time travel anyhow?
What are the Best places to travel in India?	Which ia the best place to visit in India?
How can you promote and protect Jamaican culture in a global environment?	How do we promote and protect Jamaican Culture in a global environment?
What was the minimum package to an IITian?	What is the minimum package for an IITian?
What does real love mean?	What is real love?
What are the basic list of tasks that comes under a SEO/SMO?	What are the basic list of tasks/factors that comes under a SEO/SMO?
How could I be fluent in English?	How can I improve my communication skills in English?
Why do people ask such questions here on Quora which could be easily found on the internet?	Why do people bother to ask questions on Quora they could just google to get the answer?
How do I start learning c language?	How should I get started with c language?
What is the best poem ever written?	What is the best poem you have written or read?
What could be some benefits of deforestation?	What could be some positive things about deforestation?
What are the do's and dont's in a job interview?	What are the do's and don'ts for a job interview?
What are some nonsense Hollywood movies?	What are some of the most nonsensical Hollywood movies?
Which is the best PC game that you have played in 2016?	Which are the best PC games of 2016?
Which is best server side programming language?	What are best languages for server side programming?
How can I improve my writing skills for blogs?	How could I improve my writing skill?
If this question needs improvement then how can it be improved?	Is there a way on Quora to ask why a specific question was marked as needs improvement?
What are some songs that make you cry?	What songs make you cry and why?
Can psychopathy be treated?	Can psychopathy be cured?
How do I increase height after puberty?	How do I increase my height?
Why is mercury a liquid at room temperature?	Why is mercury liquid?
What should I do to improve my English ?	How I can speak English fluently?
Which are the best team management software in the market?	Which is the best team management software?
How do I get Jio sim for iPhone 5s?	Can I use Jio SIM in iPhone 5s?
What should I do when there is nothing to do?	What do you do when you've nothing to do?
How do I write a short and interesting Tinder bio?	What things to mention and what not in your tinder bio?
How do I become a software tester?	How can I become a software tester?
What is the most effective post workout protein powder?	Which is the most effective protein powder?
What are some other TV series like BBC's Sherlock?	What are some more TV series like "Sherlock"?
How can I Ignore negative thoughts?	How do I overcome negative thoughts? How to overcome our thoughts about others and be free?
Which one will be best graphics card for gaming under Rs. 10k?	Which is the best gaming graphics card under 10K?
Why cant you be friends with your ex?	Can you be friends with an ex?
What are your favorite songs in which the lyrics are in a language you don't speak?	What is your favorite song sung in a language you don't understand?
How do I stop my puppy from chewing my shoes?	How do you stop a English Bulldog/Pitbull mix puppy from biting my shoes?
What do Clinton supporters think of the documentary "Clinton Cash"?	What do you think of the film Clinton Cash?
Finance: Which is the best way to learn about stocks?	What is the best way to learn about investing in the stock market and what stocks to buy?
How do I keep calm?	What should I do to keep myself calm down?
Can anime exist in a different parallel universe?	Can anime exist in a multiverse?
Is money demonetisation really working for black money?	Will the demonetization really eradicate black money?
Why should we learn history?	Why do we learn history?
Which are the top Digital marketing agences in India?	Who are the best digital marketers in India?
What should you do if you want to lose a lot of weight?	What are the best was to lose weight?
What is the best business online?	What are the best businesses online?
Which is the best phone to buy under 15000?	Which phone is best to buy under 15000?
How can you miss RSorder Drop Party with free RS gold and $10K cash coupons?	Why not go to RSorder Drop Party with free RS gold and $10K cash coupons?
Can we ever know if there is life after death?	What is the life after death.?
How do I quickly and efficiently learn a new language?	What is the best method to learn language?
What are examples of social evil in society?	What are some examples of evils in society?
Why do people have mustaches?	Why do men wear mustaches?
Which can be the best laptop under 30000?	Which is the reasonably good laptop under 30K INR?
How were the Pyramids of Giza built?	How were the pyramids in ancient Egypt built?
What does it feel like in zero gravity?	What is it like to experience Zero gravity?
How do I describe myself in one word and explain why?	How would you describe yourself in just one word?
How do I reduce my anger?	What can one do to control his/her anger?
Why is Quora biased towards Trump?	Why is Quora biased agaist Donald Trump.?
Who made you realize you were gay?	How did you realize you were gay?
Can I transfer a sim card's ownership to other name?	Can I transfer a sim card ownership to other name?
Can you offer me any advice on how to lose weight?	How can I efficiently lose weight?
How do you know if you've been blocked on Instagram?	How do I know why I was blocked from Instagram?
Is there any app to read novels offline and for free?	Is there any app to read noveles offline and for free?
Is Ted Cruz a great debater?	What was Ted Cruz like as a debater?
How many online stores are there in the world?	How many online stores do we have?
What are the best examples of conspiracy theories that turned out to be true?	Which is the most unlikely conspiracy theory which turned out to be true?
What are some epic movie scenes?	What are some of the most epic movie scenes?
Can I lose fat without dieting?	How can we reduce weight without dieting?
What are some possible solutions if I forgot my iCloud password?	What should you do if you can't remember your iCloud password?
What is the worst movie of 2016?	Which is the worst film of 2016?
How can I reduce my Belly and tummy fat?	How do I reduce belly fat in minimal time?
How can I lose weight effectively?	What are the best was to lose weight?
How do I start making money online without a capital?	How can I make money online with no money to start?
What is Indus Water Treaty?	What is Indus River Water Treaty?
What are the best ways to prepare gate exam?	What is the best way to crack the GATE exam?
How can you stop your Beagle Australian Shepherd mix puppies from biting your shoes?	How do I stop a Pointer/Boxer mix puppy from chewing my shoes?
Does milk flush the meth out of your system?	Do cranberry supplements help flush meth out of your system?
What is the graph of y=x?	What is the graph of [math]y=x[/math]?
Is Pulsar RS 200 good for touring/hilly roads?	Is Pulsar RS 200 good for touring?
How do I lose weight at the age 50+?	How do I can lose weight fast at the age of 50 years?
Why did Trump win the Presidency?	How did Donald trump win?
What are the things I should know or prepare before I start my first Vipassana retreat?	What should I do before attending a Vipassana retreat?
What are the causes of acidity?	Which causes aciditi?
How can a MacBook get viruses?	Do Mac computers get viruses?
How can we concentrate to study?	How do I get concentrated towards study?
Why is religion bad for humanity?	Is religion bad for humanity?
How do you decide what career is best for you?	What is the best way to find a career which suits me?
What is the sap course?	What is sap course?
Are vacuum fluctuations energy in vacuum? Are these virtual particles? How do we know there's this energy if they didn't exist? Do they really exist?	Is energy in vacuum real? How do we know that this energy that can be borrowed and returned immediately is real if virtual particles didn't exist?
How much time would it take to learn a new language?	How long does it take to learn a new language?
What is the basic reason for gravitational force?	What is the reason of gravitational force?
Why does the media constantly distort Donald Trump as a bad man?	Why the media are so biased agianst Donald Trump?
What is the process to study nursing in New Zealand for an international student?	What is it like to study in New Zealand as a foreign student?
How can I deal with selfish people?	How do I deal with opportunists and selfish people all around me?
How do you completely shave your bikini area?	How do I shave my bikini line?
Can I look for a name of a person with a picture?	How can I see the name off a person in a picture?
Which is the best bass in earphone under 1000?	What is the best earphones for bass under 1000?
Does milk flush the meth out of your system?	How do I get meth out of my system from smoking it instantly?
Which is best laptop under 25000 with all features like VGA and hdmi port?	What is the best laptop under 25000 in India?
Which business should I open in India?	What business can I do in India?
How should I ask this girl out?	How do I ask a girl to date me ?
How can one make money starting a blog?	How do I earn money through a blog?
Who is the actual responsible for Indo-Pak separation? Besides Jennah	Who else was mainly responsible for Indo-Pak separation in 1947 besides Jinnah?
How do I make reading interesting?	What are some ways to make reading more interesting?
What is rice puller metal?	What is a rice puller?
What is your New Years Resolution?	What will be your 2017 resolution?
Can we donate blood after getting a tattoo?	Can you donate blood if you have a tattoo?
What are the major differences between Chinese culture and Western cultures?	What is the difference between Chinese and western culture?
What is the function of the mitochondria?	What is the mitochondria? What is the main function?
When will Spotify launch it's services in INDIA?	Is Spotify not available in India?
What is a positive thinking?	What is positive thinking?
How does the propulsion system works in space?	How do propulsion systems work in space?
What did you think of the Netflix series "Black Mirror?"	What's the buzz on the British television series "Black Mirror"?
How do I change a QQ WeChat password?	How can I reset my WeChat password?
What will happen to my photos in my iPhone if I turn off iCloud Photo Library?	What happens if I import photos from iPhone with iCloud photo library turned on?
Does being good at mathematics make you intelligent?	Does being good at mathematics make you intelligent in other subjects?
Which is the best Mystery movie and why?	Which are the best mystery movies of all time?
How should I start preparing for sociology as an optional subject of the IAS UPSC?	How should I start preparing sociology as an optional subject of the IAS UPSC?
How can I improve my writing skills and blog style?	How do I improve my English writing and speaking skills?
Who would win an all out war between Pakistan and India if no other country got involved?	Who will win the war between India and Pakistan if we go all round indigenous?
How do I become stronger and more emotionally stable?	How can I be emotionally stable?
How do I get rid of a week pregnancy?	How do I get rid of an unwanted pregnancy?
How can you put a cat to sleep?	What is the best way to put a cat to sleep?
What are the health benefits of doing pushups everyday?	What are the health benefits of doing pull ups everyday?
What's the difference between RAM and ROM?	What is the difference between RAM and ROM?
What is difference between data and information?	What are the differences between data and information?
How Hydrogen is used as a fuel?	How can hydrogen be used as a fuel for automobiles?
What's the best answer to any question?	What is the best answer to any question?
What are the questions you would never ask on Quora?	What question should never be asked on Quora?
What are some hedge fund strategies?	What is hedge fund strategy?
What is the difference between nihilism and absurdism?	What is the Difference between existential nihilism and absurdism?
What is the most interesting thing that happened in your life?	What is the most important thing for you in Life?
What are the pros of eating skunk meat?	What are the pros and cons of eating beaver meat?
What are the best government medical college in india?	Which is the best government medical college in India?
How can I learn the German language?	How can I learn German quickly?
Add questions on quora?	How do I post something in Quora?
What are some of the funniest 9gag comments/conversations of all time?	What are some of the funniest 9gag comments of all time?
What are the safety precautions on handling shotguns proposed by the NRA in Michigan?	What are the safety precautions on handling shotguns proposed by the NRA in North Dakota?
Which are the best automation testing tools?	What is best tool to start with Automation testing?
How can I stop masturbating forever?	How can I stop masturbating daily?
Does excessive masturbation lead to hair loss?	Does masturbation cause hair fall?
How do I start an email to a company?	How should I start an email to a company?
What is the toughest question ever asked in a interview?	What is the toughest interview question ever asked?
Who would win a *conventional* war between Iran and Pakistan right now?	Hypothetically who will win a war between Iran and Pakistan?
What do you think of that Bob Dylan wins the 2016 Nobel Prize for Literature?	What is your reaction to Bob Dylan winning the 2016 Nobel prize for Literature?
Do you'll think World War 3 will happen and why?	What would be impact of World War 3 if happen?
How can I make money through YouTube?	How can I make money fast from Youtube?
Which book is best for improve vocabulary for competition?	Which books are the best to improve vocabulary skills?
Which is your favorite chocolate and Why?	Which is your favourite chocolate brand?
What is the meaning of life in one word?	How can we describe the meaning of life in one word?
What are some suggestions for stress relief?	What is the best solution for stress relief?
How do I get rid off from porn addiction?	What is the best way to overcome porn and masturbation addiction?
Could you please recommend some media and cultural consumption PhD research topics for me?	Could you please recommend some media and cultural consumption PhD research topic for me?
What is the best method of losing weight?	How should I lose weight?
How do you calculate the average of a set of numbers?	How do you find the average of a set of numbers?
What is worse than death?	What would be a fate truly worse than death?
What will be the best answers of these typical questions asked in almost every job interview?	How do I best answer typical job interview questions?
What can I do to improve my English speaking?	How can I improve my speaking?
What is the difference between introversion and antisocial?	What is the difference between an introvert and being antisocial?
How do planets stay suspended in space?	Why do planets float in space?
How do I use condom?	How does one use a condom?
What does the discovery of gravitational waves mean for us?	What impact does the discovery of gravitational waves have on mankind's future?
What are the best laptops available under 50k?	What are the best laptop buying options available under 50k?
How can I potty train a Pug puppy?	How do you potty train a English Bulldog/Pitbull mix puppy?
What is Smart Parking?	What is Smart Parking Concept?
How exactly does banning Rs 500 and Rs 1000 notes curb the problem of black money?	How will black money and corruption be stopped by banning 500 and 1000 notes?
What are web applications?	What is web application?
What is the best method of losing weight?	What is the best way to reduce weight?
What leadership qualities does Arvind Kejriwal lack as a Politician?	What are some bad qualities of Arvind Kejriwal?
Was Donald Trump popular in high school?	How was Donald Trump in High School?
How can I make money as a 14 year old?	How do I make money as a 14 year old?
What is a good website for free books?	Is there any site to download free books?
Why do I have black little lines on finger and toe nails?	Why do I have black lines in one of my nails? I need cure from this ..What to do..??
What is technological singularity?	What is technological singularity? When can we say it has been achieved?
Do you believe global warming is caused by humans?	Do you believe global warming is caused by humans? Why or why not?
Can both we take mass gainer and whey protein?	Can I take both mass gainer and whey protein together?
Which is the most up voted answer in Quora?	What is a top voted answer on Quora?
What is the best self-improvement book that you have read and why?	What are the best books to read for self improvement?
Which language(s) are the most beautiful in the world for you?	What is the most beautiful language?
How do I get to just tell investors about my startup idea?	How can you get VCs to fund you if you just have an idea?
Why are their exceptions to every rule?	Why are there exceptions to every rule?
Where should you rent an apartment in Bangalore if you have to commute daily to bidadi and back?	Where should someone rent an apartment in bangalore for a daily commute to Bidadi and back?
Could Bruce Lee stand MMA fighters?	Would Bruce Lee in his prime dominate UFC MMA?
How do you handle stress?	What's your way to handle stress?
Which is the best place to study?	Where is the best place to study?
How can I start learning and doing programming again?	How do I learn programming from scratch to start on my own?
What is an itemized deduction recovery?	What is itemized deduction recovery?
Is Donald Trump secretly a Democrat?	Is Donald Trump really a closet liberal?
What's your New Year's resolution for 2017?	What will be your new year resolution for 2017 and your plan of execution?
How do I burn the fat around my waist?	How do I lose fat on the sides of my waist?
What is your very best argument as to why I should vote for Trump?	Why should I vote for Trump?
Can you see who viewed your Instagram?	How can I see who viewed my instagram post?
Which one is best web development company in Noida?	Which companies offers best web development and web designing services?
What are some good Telugu movies?	What are the best telugu movies?
Why CNN is so anti-Trump?	Why is cnn anti trump?
How do I read someone's WhatsApp messages without any access to their mobile phone?	How do I hack a WhatsApp account without having access to victim phone?
Which is the best photo editing software?	What's the best tool for photo editing?
How can I get rid of my acne?	What are some permanent ways of getting rid of acne?
What could be the reason behind Arnab Goswami quitting Times Now?	Why did Arnab Goswami Resigned?
How can I prepare for the World Scholar’s Cup?	How do I do well at the World Scholar’s Cup?
How can I remember physics derivations?	How do I remember physics derivations?
Is Pakistan an Islamic Nation?	Is Pakistan an Islamic country?
If there any chance in the world to survive a headshot at close range with 62.000 fps speed with a 300 Grain HP bullet?	It's it feasible to survive a shot in the head or the heart with a Desert Eagle 50AE at close range when 300 grain hollow points are used?
What is the best way to learn web programming?	How can i learn web programming in one month?
How we can forget everything about past?	How can one forget the past?
What are the best ways to improve your intelligence?	How can you improve your intelligence?
What are some best Hollywood romantic movies to watch?	Which is world's best romantic movie?
How can I change domain in career?	How do I change my domain of job?
Is eating soda the same as baking soda?	Is cooking soda same as baking soda?
Is there a way to convert a MS Excel macro (in VBA) to Python?	How do we convent an Excel micro (in VB) to Python?
Can Cold War begin again?	Is the Cold War coming back?
How keep my hair looking wet all day?	How do I keep my hair looking wet all day?
What makes you sad?	What makes you more sad?
What should I do to get an intership at Google?	How do I get an internship in Google?
What should I buy my husband?	What can I buy for my husband?
Why are people supporting Donald Trump?	Why do so many people support Donald Trump?
How was the last night debate between Trump and Clinton?	What are your views about the debate between Trump and Hilary?
Thermodynamics: Is there a maximum temperature?	Is there a theoretical maximum temperature?
What are Hillary Clinton's views on immigration?	What would be Hillary Clinton's views of changing the immigration laws?
Do women enjoy anallingus?	Do women enjoy analingus?
Is it true that the number of seats in AIIMS new Delhi will increase from 72 to 100 from 2017?	Are seats of AIIMS Delhi going to increase from next session?
What is your all time favorite anime?	What's your favorite anime? And why?
How was Italy unified?	How did Italy unify?
Is it possible to implement Uniform Civil Code in India?	How can India be a secular century when there is no Uniform Civil Code in place?
What happens when rubidium metal is exposed to air?	How does rubidium react with air?
How does concentric contractions differ from eccentric contractions?	What are the differences between eccentric and concentric contraction? What are some examples?
How does Quora determine the order in which answers to a given question appear?	How does Quora sort multiple answers for a question?
Why are some people incredibly insecure?	Why are so many people insecure?
Which was the best movie of Bollywood in 2016?	Which are the best Bollywood movies of 2016?
Who are the best mystery writers?	Who are the best mystery fiction writers?
What is the main reason for gravity?	What is the reason of gravitational force?
Which is the best matrimony site?	Which is the best matrimonial site?
What is the best custom Android ROM for a Samsung S5? Why?	What is the best custom ROM for Samsung Galaxy S5? Why?
Does the Internet increase crime?	Can the Internet increase crime?
Why has Quora flagged this question as needing improvement?	Why are my questions always flagged as needing improvement?
Do Trump supporters have lower IQs than the average American’s?	Trump supporters have lower IQs than the average American?
Do any of you regret you marriage?	Do you regret your relationship and/or marriage?
How can I earn money part time online?	What are the various ways through which one can earn money online?
Which is the best online test series for neet 2?	Which is the best online test series for medical?
What are the top 5 books you've read?	What are your top five favorite books and why?
How do I change college in Second Year Engineering under SPPU (Pune University)?	What is the procedure/conditions for changing my engineering college after the first year under the Pune University?
How many pins on pinterest per day?	How many Pins does Pinterest see per day?
Can I ask in Hindi?	Can I ask and get answers in Hindi?
What fields can I enter after completing a B.Tech in mechanical engineering?	What are all the available options for government jobs after completing B.Tech in mechanical engineering?
What are your top 100 must-read books?	What are the top 100 books must read?
What are some excuse examples for school?	What are some written excuse examples if you miss school?
How do I cancel Quora?	How can I remove my account from Quora?
How do you know who viewed you video on Instagram?	How can I see who viewed my video on Instagram but didn't like my video?
Which is the best country to work?	Which country is the best to work at?
How has the year 2016 been for you?	How has 2016 been as a year in your life?
Why did the Battle of Vimy Ridge occur? Why is it considered a defining event for Canada?	What made the Battle of Vimy Ridge important to Canada's identity?
What are the books with the best closing lines?	What novels have the best closing lines and paragraphs?
How do I get relief from back pain?	How do you deal with back pain?
What if "time" doesn't actually exist?	What if time doesn't exist?
Can I add some topics or keywords into a blacklist to avoid them on my timeline here in Quora?	How do I block topics on Quora?
What are the best simple ways to loose weight?	What are the best ways to lose weight? What is the best diet plan?
What is the penultimate purpose of life?	What is your purpose of life?
Why is Hillary Clinton considered corrupt?	Are the Clintons corrupt?
How should I ask my friend about sex?	What are the best ways to ask a friend for sex?
How can I make money by making simple android app?	How can we make money by developing an android app?
What are the benefits of sending a child to private school in the US?	What are the benefits of private schools?
Should I watch Fantastic Beasts instead of Dr. Strange?	Would you rather watch Dr Strange or Fantastic Beasts?
What are the things to keep in mind while starting business?	What things should be in your mind while starting up a business?
Why did Red Hat create a new Linux operating system instead of copying Debian?	Why did Marc Ewing develop Red Hat Linux rather than simply copying (forking) Debian?
Is Equatorial Guinea really rich?	How is Equatorial Guinea so rich?
How is the presidency of Donald Trump going to affect India's IT industry?	How Donald Trump's presidential victory going to affect India and Indian IT companies?
What does Toe-ing the party mean?	What does toe-ing the party means?
How did Joseph Goebbels practise at becoming a better public speaker?	How did Joseph Goebbels become such a good public speaker?
Why can't you delete your own questions on Quora?	How can you delete a question that you asked on Quora?
What are the best sources to learn digital marketing?	What is best source for start learning digital marketing?
What are your top ten favorite books?	What are your top three favorite books and why?
Where can I find the official Apple Special Event Keynote of August 07 2007 video in high quality or in high definition?	Where can I find the official Steve Jobs iPhone Keynote MacWorld 2007 video in high quality or in high definition?
How can I add pictures on Quora?	How do I add an image to a question on Quora?
What are some top hollywood movies?	Which is your top 10 hollywood movies list?
What is the difference between enthalpy and entorpy?	What's the basic difference between entropy and enthalpy?
Why do people want to get out of jury duty?	Why don't people like jury duty?
What is the particle explanation of double-slit experiment?	What is the Explanation of double slit experiment?
What is the incident that changed your life?	Can you describe an incident that changed your life?
What are the softwares every mechanical engineer should learn?	What are the softwares a mechanical engineer should know?
What is that one incident that changed your life for better?	What is one decision that changed your life forever?
Can World War 3 ever take place?	What are the prophecies of world war 3 and will it actually happen?
How can I realistically make money online?	How can one make money online?
How do I make my manager like me?	How can I get my manager to like me?
Where can I hire experienced professional for any property transaction in Sydney?	Where can I get knowledgeable assistance for transfer of property in Sydney?
How do I burn my calories?	What are good ways to burn calories?
How did YOU improve at Mathematics?	What should I do to improve my mathematics?
What is the process state of an operating system?	What is process state of an operating system?
What is the best science documentary you have ever watched?	What the best science documentaries?
What are the symptoms of depression?	What are the signs/symptoms of depression?
What programming languages are best to learn?	How many languages need for computer programming and which is the best?
Is there any way to stop terrorism?	How do I stop terrorism?
How do I get my fair skin back?	How can I get back my fair skin complextion?
What is the biggest obstacle you have had to overcome in order to reach your goal?	What are some of the biggest hurdles that you had to overcome in order to become a writer?
How do I get back with my ex-girlfriend?	How do I get my ex back?
What is the craziest conspiracy theory that you have ever heard?	What is the craziest political conspiracy theory you've heard?
Why is Hrithik Roshan so underrated?	Why is Hrithik Roshan so underrated as an actor?
How can I ask a girl out without looking stupid?	How should I ask this girl out?
How do I become an army general?	What should I do to become an army general?
Is it possible to fall in love with more than one woman / girl in the same period of time?	Is it possible that a woman can be in love with 2 men at a same time?
Can I really find real love?	How can I find real love?
How can I learn hacking for free?	How can we learn hacking efficiently?
How do I get Jimmy Wales to answer my question on Quora?	What makes Jimmy Wales to answer a question in Quora?
Do guys not approach me because of my vibes?	Why do guys not approach me?
How long would it take to send an unmanned rocket to explore the interesting planet at Proxima Centauri?	How long will a probe take to reach Proxima Centauri?
What are the best colleges in the US for M.S. in Supply Chain Management?	What are the good college in USA for MBA in supply chain management?
Where can I get the best digital marketing course (online & offline) in India?	Digital Marketing colleges in India?
How can a startup company find investors?	How can I find investors for my startup on Quora?
Which is the best online test series for banking exams?	What is the best online test series for bank exams?
How can I feel something again?	How do I feel again?
Why does South Korea have such a high suicide rate?	Why is the suicide rate so high in South Korea?
How can I get funding from a venture capital firm?	What are the best ways to get venture capital?
How can I extract email addresses from website?	How can I extract email addresses from websites?
What is a good way to spend a long weekend in and around Bangalore?	What is the best way to spend a weekend in Bangalore?
How can I start preparing for ias exam? I have 4 yrs.	How should I start my preparation for IAS as an engineering student?
What is the secret of happy life?	What's the bloody secret of a happy life?
What is a good programming language for a finance major with no programming background to start with?	What programming language should a freshman finance major learn first?
Which songs always makes you cry?	What are some sad and emotional songs that could make me cry?
Is Joaquin Phoenix a good actor?	Is Joaquin Phoenix the greatest actor of this generation?
What are the easiest ways to make good money using the Internet?	What is make money online?
What is the most expensive things in the world?	What is the most expensive thing in the world?
Why is the "hittites" topic deleted?	Why is "Hittites" a deleted topic?
What is it like being in a relationship with a sociopath?	What does it feel like to be in a relationship with a sociopath?
What are some of the telltale signs of a manipulative person?	What does is mean to be a manipulative person?
How can I get a job on Quora?	How can I get hired by Quora? How can I get an interview?
How do I hack someone's icloud account?	How can we hack an iCloud account?
What is the best certification course to learn digital marketing?	What is the best digital marketing course available online and offline in India and Why?
Do thinking abilities get worse with aging?	Do thinking abilities get worse with age?
What is the daily routine of the Infosys Mysore for a trainee?	What are the working hours for a trainee at Infosys Mysore campus?
How could I work for Riot Games or Blizzard?	How can I work for Blizzard or Riot Games?
How do I get a loan?	Where can I get a loan with no credit?
Why did Ravana have 10 heads?	What is your review of Ravana Had 10 Heads?
How do I travel around the world without any money?	What is the easiest way to travel without much money?
How do I know when a girl is interested in me?	How can I know girl is interested in me or not?
What would happen if all presidential candidates died or could no longer run except for one?	What would happen if one of the two candidates of the presidential election died on the morning of the election day?
How can I get rid of discoloration and scars from acne?	How do I get rid of discoloration from acne?
How can I get Meth out of my system in less than 2 days so I can pass my drug test?	What is the quickest way to get meth out your system?
How do I change the font size in the Quora app?	How can I change the font size of the Quora app?
Will the world end?	How does world end?
Should prostitution be legal and if so how should it be regulated?	Should prostitution be legal?
Why do answers on Quora get collapsed?	Why my answer was collapsed?
If the superfluid dark matter is what ripples when Galaxy clusters collide and what waves in a double slit experiment then does this relate GR and QM?	Does superfluid dark matter ripple when galaxy clusters collide and wave in double slit experiments?
What is the best whey protein shake on the market?	What is the best whey protein shake in the world?
Why is Spotify nott available in India?	When will Spotify arrive in India?
What are the resolutions you are going to take for the upcoming New year 2017?	What is your New Year’s Resolution(s) for 2017?
What are the pros and cons of Python?	What are some pros and cons of python?
What knowledge should one have to create an operating system?	What do I have to learn to create an operating system?
Does water exist on mars?	How much chances are there that NASA already knew that there is water on Mars?
What is your biggest regret or mistake?	What's your biggest regret in life?
What is the best gift you give to your mother?	What is the best gift you can give to your mother?
What are some good ways to insult atheist?	What are some good ways to insult an atheist?
Why do some people find roller coasters enjoyable and others find them terrifying?	Why do people like roller coasters?
Why did the Battle of Vimy Ridge occur? Why is it considered a defining event for Canada?	Why is the Battle of Vimy Ridge important to the Canadian history?
Is there any need of introducing a note of high denomination (rs2000) in current economic situation of India?	Is it so necessary to print such a high denomination note of Rs. 2000?
Why do evil things happen to good people?	Why do bad things happen to good people?
What should I do to improve my questions on Quora?	I cannot improve my questions on Quora. This is becoming an issue. What should I do?
Is there any scientific research to show that there is any difference between races?	Are there any actual differences between races?
Is time travel possible then after how long time?	Could time travel be possible?
What are the safety precautions on handling shotguns proposed by the NRA in Alaska?	What are the safety precautions on handling shotguns proposed by the NRA in Idaho?
Why education system of India cannot educate RTI and teach CAG report to kids?	Why education system of India cannot educate RTI and teach CAG reports to kids?
How can we get pregnant?	How can a girl become pregnant?
How long does it take for someone to drown?	How long does it take for a person to drown?
What is the saddest story of your life?	What is your saddest story of life?
How does magnesium oxide reacts in water?	What happens when magnesium oxide reacts with water?
How do I prevent myself from sleeping during lectures?	How can I keep myself awake during boring lectures?
Which is the best coaching institute of UPSC in Pune/Mumbai?	How is the UPSC coaching and study environment in Pune?
How long can chicken salad stay in the fridge? How can I make it last longer?	How long can chicken salad be kept in the fridge? How can I make it last longer?
What impact does global warming have on biodiversity?	Atmospheric Science: How are we so confident that global warming will harm biodiversity in the long-run?
What's the difference between a programming language and a scripting language?	What is the difference between a programming language and a scripting language?
When will helium run out and should helium filled party ballons be banned?	When are we going to run out of helium?
How can I customize a WordPress theme?	How do you customize WordPress theme?
How do I search anyone on Quora?	Is there any search or browse facility for the questions on Quora?
What is best career plan after completing graduation in b.tech (mechanical engineering)?	What are all the available options for government jobs after completing B.Tech in mechanical engineering?
What is the meaning of "Life"?	What is the exact meaning of life?
Why do people try to ask silly questions on Quora rather than googling it?	Why do so many people on Quora ask stupid questions they could find answers to if they spent less than 5 minutes on a search engines?
How do I decrease my sexual energy?	How do I reduce sexual energy?
How do pluralistic societies compare and contrast to regular societies?	How does a a pluralistic society compare and contrast to a regular society?
Can I track a person and his mobile online?	How can I track a mobile number and the location from any sofware?
How do you connect a desktop computer to a wireless network?	How do you get wireless internet for a desktop computer?
Is it possible to know who viewed your profile on whatsapp?	What is the trick to know my WhatsApp profile visitors?
How can I create a blog?	How do t create a blog?
How can I become a web developer?	How do you become a web/developer?
What is the stupidest thing you have ever done?	What is the most embarrassing thing you have ever done?
When did man start wearing clothing?	How and when man started wearing clothes?
What is a fact that everyone should know?	What are some facts that everyone should know?
Is CAT after b.tech in mechanical engineering useful?	I recently joined an IT company after completing my B.Tech in mechanical engineering. How do I excel in my career?
My pet dog starts humping on me every now and then. How can I stop him?	How can I stop my dog from humping my leg?
How can I make a girl fall truly in love with me?	How do I make a girl fall in love with boys easily?
What are the best tools to use for Content Marketing?	Which are the best tools for content marketing?
What magical power would you have?	What magic power would you like to get?
How can I improve my communication skills specially pronunciation skill?	How we improve our communication skills?
Are women more likely than men to be asexual? Or are asexual men more likely to be 'closeted' about it?	Are women more likely to be asexual than men are?
What is the best invention of 2016?	What are some of the best inventions in 2016?
How come liberal media asks Ivanka Trump what she feels about her father's treatment of women but they do not ask Chelsea Clinton the same question?	Why does the MSM always ask Ivanka how she feels about the way her Dad treats women but they never ask Chelsea?
What skills are needed to become a film critic?	How can an individual become an online film critic?
Donald Trump has just won the election 2016 and became the 45th US president. What happens now?	What will happen now that Donald Trump has won the elections?
Which is the highest profitable bussiness?	Which is the most profitable bussiness?
What kind of teachers do you like best?	What kind of teacher do you appreciate?
How were the pyramids constructed? Who built them?	How were pyramids formed?
What are the best places to meet women and why?	Where are the best places to meet women?
What are the benefits of sildenafil 100mg tablets?	What are the benefits of Sildenafil 100mg?
How do I lose 5 pounds in 1 week?	How can I lose 5 pounds in 1 week?
Why doesn't the Moon fall on Earth?	Why doesn't the moon fall down on the Earth due to Earth's gravitational attraction?
How do I develop my presence of mind?	How can I improve my presence of mind?
Which is the funniest joke you've ever heard?	What are some of funniest jokes that you have ever heard?
What led Indian government to remove 500 and 1000 rs notes from circulation? Will be able to remove black economy?	Why did the Indian government demonetize the current 500 and 1000 rupee notes and replace them with new notes?
Is Donald Trump like Andrew Jackson?	Is Donald Trump just like Andrew Jackson?
Where can I found different flavours for cupcakes at Gold Coast?	Where can I found different cupcake flavors in Gold Coast?
How banning 500 and 1000 rs note will help fight corruption in India?	How is India fighting corruption by scrapping 500 and 1000 rupee notes?
What will happen to the Earth if there would be no magnetic fields?	What would happen if the Earth lost it magnetic field and magnets lost their properties?
How do I start learning machine learning and data science using python?	How can I start learning the developing of websites using Python?
How do I crack Aiims 2017 in 10 month?	How to crack AIIMS 2017 in 10 months?
How different is the life in the Indian cities from Pakistani cities?	How different is life in the Pakistani cities from Indian cities?
Should Quora raise the character limit for question details?	Should Quora add more characters for details?
How do I stop a German Shepherd/Border Collie mix puppy from chewing my shoes?	How do I stop my Pit Bull/English Bulldog mix from biting my shoes?
Why do black people call themselves nigga?	Why did black people call themselves nigga?
Computer Science: How do I propose a game idea to major game publishers/developers?	How do I pitch an idea for a video game to a major studio?
How do I promote mobile application?	How do I start promoting my mobile application?
What are some examples of determinants of demand?	What are some examples of the determinants of demand?
Why is social media so addictive for some people?	Why are social media addictive? Do they hire addiction experts?
What is the best method to develop photographic memory?	How do you develop photographic memory?
Can I track or locate my husband without his phone by using my phone?	How can I track my husband phones?
How do I write a eulogy?	What are some ways to write an eulogy for yourself?
How can I improve my sleep pattern?	How can I improve my sleeping pattern?
Which is the best laptop under Rs 25000?	Which are the best laptops under INR 25000 in Indian market?
What is the full form of FRP?	What is the full form of FRPs?
Why don't Americans use the metric system?	Why doesn't America convert to the metric system?
What is the best way to prevent hair fall?	What should be done to prevent hair fall?
What are good things to serve with stuffed bell peppers?	What are some good side dishes to serve with stuffed peppers?
How will the ban of old 500 and 1000 rs notes help in bringing out the black money?	How banning 500 and 1000 rupee can affect black money?
What's your current mobile wallpaper and why?	What is your phone's wallpaper right now and why?
Is becoming a growth engineer a good path to becoming a product manager?	Is becoming a growth engineer a path to becoming a product manager?
How do I find the Nth prime number efficiently when N is as large as 100000000?	What are good ways to find nth prime number in the fastest way?
How can we solve the water problem in India?	How can we solve the water problem (pollution) in India?
Why would some people suggest that there are more than two genders?	Why do people think there are more than 2 genders?
Why are many Muslim countries experiencing unrest and disorder?	Why is there so much unrest in Islamic countries these days?
What is Hillary Clinton’s opinion of the Israeli-Palestinian conflict?	What will Hillary do to resolve the Israeli-Palestinian Conflict?
What is your new year resolution for 2017 or goal for 2017?	What is your resolution for this year 2017?
Why is public transportation so bad in the U.S.?	Why is the US public transportation system so bad?
I am a very I insecure person. How can I build self esteem and confidence?	I am a person of low self esteem as well as an introvert.What should I do to improve my self esteem and confidence?
What are some examples of situation ethics?	What are some examples of situational ethics?
What is the chemical formula for milk?	What's the chemical formula of milk?
What could cause black tarry stool in dogs?	What causes black stool in dogs?
What's the difference between a programming language and a scripting language?	What is the exact difference between programming languages and scripting languages and their types and their real time applications?
How do I get good score in GRE?	How do I get a good score in GRE?
Are marines stationed on Nimitz class aircraft carriers?	How many Marines deploy on a Nimitz-class aircraft carrier?
What will the Philippines boycott from China?	Will the Philippines boycott Chinese products?
What is the creepiest thing you have ever done to someone?	What is the creepiest thing you've ever done or said?
How can we reduce our sleeping hours?	How do I reduce the amount of time I spend sleeping without becoming fatigued?
How do new words get added to the English language?	How can I add a new word to the English language?
Where can I find Fundamentals of Database Managment Systems by Anshuman Sharma?	Where can I find the Fundamentals of Database Management Systems by Anshuman Sharma ebook?
Why do Quorans ask questions for which authentic answers are obtainable faster and easier through Google?	Why do some people on QUORA ask questions that they can easily findout on Google?
What's the difference between autism and schizoaffective disorder?	Can autism be confused with schizoaffective disorder?
What does a hippie do to earn money?	How did hippies earn money?
Who will win war between Russia and US?	Can Russia defeat USA if war happen between them?
Which is the best football team and why?	Which is the best football team of all time?
How do you become more self-aware?	How can I become more self-aware?
What are some of the best colleges in India for aerospace engineering?	Which are best aerospace engineer college in India?
What are good workouts to lose belly fat?	What are some good ways to get rid of belly fat?
Eating Healthy: Is eating mashed potatoes bad for me?	Eating Healthy: Are mashed potatoes bad for me?
How can I approach my university crush?	How do I begin to talk to my crush?
Which is the best free digital marketing course?	Will digital marketing a good course to learn?
What do I need to do to get into Harvard Medical School?	What can I do to prepare to go to Harvard Medical School?
Can we eat while we are upside down?	How do you eat upside down?
Why is saltwater taffy candy imported in Austria?	Why is Saltwater taffy candy imported in Laos?
Is it a hoax that after preview offer Jio will block the sim slot and can be used using Jio sim only?	Will other Sim card work in same slot where Reliance Jio was used earlier?
How do I cancel my UK visa application?	How I cancel my application for a UK visa?
Sex: Why is sex important?	Why is sex important to humans?
What workout clothes did guys wear in the year 1990?	What workout attire would guys wear in the summer like it's the year 1990?
How do I use Jio sim in my iPhone 5s?	Can I use Jio SIM in iPhone 5s?
Has anyone gotten a job through Quora? Or somehow made lots of money through Quora?	Has anyone gotten a job from a connection they made on Quora?
How is Honda hornet 160?	Is there any one who is using Honda CB hornet 160?
Why is Hillary Clinton a better choice than Donald Trump?	Who is better Donald Trump or Hillary Clinton and why?
How healthy are the dried instant soups available in market?	Are any instant soups actually healthy?
What are the best airport hacks for India?	What are some domestic airline or airport hacks for Indians in India?
Is Trump a puppet for Hillary's plan to get to the White house?	What would happen if Donald Trump turned out to be a plant for Hillary to win the White House?
Should I buy DSLR?	Should I buy a DSLR?
How did Trump win America's vote?	How did trump win the presidential election?
Can I sue Quora?	How do I sue Quora?
What is social equality? How can it be achieved?	How could you achieve social equality?
What is the dark side of working in Tech Mahindra?	What are the dark sides of getting a job at Tech Mahindra?
How do I forget someone whom I once loved and cared for deeply?	How can I forget someone I love strongly?
Which is the best exercise for weight loss?	What's the best exercise to start weight loss for someone who is generally unfit?
How are cars made?	How is a car made?
Is it important to have love in life?	Is love important in life?
How does the eye work?	How does eye work?
How does it feel to give a blowjob?	What does it feel like to give a blowjob?
How can a man be a feminist?	Can a man be a feminist? Why or why not?
How do I earn more money through internet/online?	How can we earn money online without investment?
What suggestions can be considered for improving the Indian education system?	How can Indian Education system be reformed?
How does Donald Trump's win affects Indian students preparing for graduate studies in US?	How bad can Trump's election as president be for students aspiring to study in US?
I want a new laptop with maximum configuration under 30000?	Which laptop is good in between 25000 to 30000?
Do distance relationships work? How can you make it work?	Do long distance relationships ever work out?
How does "Education for All" works in the Philippines?	What has been the upgrade in education made by "Education for All" in the Philippines?
How do I become a millionaire before the age of 30?	How do I become a millionaire before the age of 30 in the UK?
Why do people ask questions whose answer can be easily found on the internet?	Why do people ask stupid questions on Quora that could be easily answered by Google?
What were you doing at age 19?	What are you doing at age 19?
How do some people manage to stay so fit and skinny even though they don't go to the gym?	How can I stay fit with out going gym?
What is a GPS tracking system?	What is GPS tracking?
Are there any TV series better than Game of Thrones?	Which TV series is better than Game of Thrones?
Which countries will not exist in 50 years?	Which countries will disappear in the next 50 years?
What is the best online IQ test?	What are Free online IQ tests?
How can I also get a job as a software engineer in Microsoft?	What should I do to get a job in Microsoft as a software engineer?
What are the best mechanical pencils?	What are the best mechanical pencils for writing?
What would you do if you could be invisible for one day?	What would you do if you have invisible power for a day?
I am 23 and feel shy around girls. I find it hard to talk to them. Is something wrong with me?	I am 23. I am shy and unable to talk to any girl because i get nervous and freaked out around them. What is the solution?
Which is the best mobile phone under rs 13000/-?	Which mobile is best for under Rs 13000?
How do I find a job in a startup in India?	How do I join a startup company in India?
What are some of the funniest things that have ever happened to you (or someone you know)?	What was the funniest thing that happened to you?
What is your career plan?	What are your career plans?
What is the best computer programming language to learn first?	What is the best programming language to learn(in your opinion)?
Do university rankings really matter?	What does the ranking of the university really mean?
Why is smoking bad?	How is smoking bad?
Which is the best digital marketing training institute in Hyderabad?	WhIch is the best training institute for digital marketing in Hyderabad?
What is the easiest way to get the job in Canada?	How does one get a job in Canada?
Who invented the first compound microscope?	What is the importance of the compound light microscope?
How do you know if you are in love with someone?	How do you know if you've fallen for someone?
Does alchemy really exist?	Is alchemy actually real?
What could be the best laptop in budget upto 50k?	Which is the best laptop to buy at price range 40-45000 rs?
What ideas does Donald Trump have with him to make America great again?	How is Donald Trump going to make America great again?
What should I do when my crush is my friend?	What should I do if I have a crush on my friend?
Is there a working emulator for nintendo 2ds?	When will a working nintendo 3DS emulator release ?
Does all Muslims hate Narendra Modi?	Why does many Muslims hate Modi?
Why do people cheat? (in any way)	Why do people cheat?
What are the best ways to grow facial hair faster?	How does one grow facial hair?
Which digital piano do you recommend?	What digital piano should I buy?
Did the British come to India to rule it or did they have other purpose?	Why did the British come to India?
Is it necessary to learn C language before i start learning C++?	Should I learn C before learning C++?
Do you need to have a very high IQ to be a competent programmer?	Do we need a high IQ to be a good programmer?
How fast is the earth now?	Is the Earth moving? How fast?
Where does the soul reside?	Where the soul resides in our body?
What is the best online stock broker in Germany?	What is a good online stock broker in Germany?
How should I laugh?	How should one laugh?
What are the worst things the CIA or FBI have done?	What were some of the bad things the CIA and the FBI did in the past?
What is God to you?	Who is God to you?
Why cant we produce oxygen like trees and reduce global warming?	Why can't we produce oxygen like trees and reduce global warming?
What is the fifth force of nature? Has it been discovered?	What do we know about the fifth force of nature?
Who are some of the best science-fiction writers alive today?	Who is the best science fiction writer alive today?
When will Eminem's next album be released?	When will Eminem's next album will be released?
What is the average package of mechanical engineers in PSUs?	What is the average package in PSUs for mechanical engineers?
Is skipping a good exercise for girls?	Is skipping good for girls?
What should I do to focus on study?	What should I do to focus on my study?
Where can I get professional advice for buying and selling a property in Sydney?	Where can I get quality support to make a successful property transaction process in Sydney?
Why am I getting lazy?	Why we are so lazy?
How astronauts makes free gravity training?	How is zero gravity environment created on earth for astronaut training?
Can time travel ever be possible?	Is time travel possible? If yes? How?
How can I learn sign language?	How can I learn a signed language?
How can one wake up early in the morning?	How do I get up early in the morning?
What is the best platform/media/source to learn digital marketing?	How do I get started to learning digital marketing?
What are the differences between private schools and public schools?	What are the main differences between a public school and an private school?
I am 24 year old and want to make cricket my career. Is it possible now or am I too late?	I am 26 year old and want to make cricket my career. Is it possible now or am I too late?
Which animal has the fastest reaction time?	What creature has the fastest reaction speed on earth?
What are some foods I can eat to boost my metabolism?	How can I boost metabolism?
How will India be affected now that 500 and 1000 rupee notes have been banned?	How will our economy will be affected by demonetizing Rs 500 and Rs 1000 notes?
What is your New Year Resolution for 2017?	What Is your New year resolutions in 2017?
What are some great optical illusions?	What are some optical illusions?
What is the reason behind replacing cyrius mistry from Tata sons?	What are the prospect reasons of Cyrus Mistry being fired by TATA sons?
Can anybody achieve an orgasm without ejaculation and how?	Is ejaculation without orgasm normal?
I flunked my 12th and after that I completed my engineering with very low grades.what should I do now in my life?	I flunked my 12th and after that I completed my engineering with very low grades.what should I now in my life?
How can I delete an old Facebook account that I forgot it's password?	How can I log in to Facebook if I forgot my email?
What are the best option after completing my B.Tech in mechanical engineering?	What is the best field for earning money after completing a B.Tech in mechanical engineering?
How do I increase the size of my penis without surgery?	How do I increase the size of a penis?
Is dark/vacuum energy infinite because the expansion of the universe is infinite and more and more of it is created as the universe expands?	If more vacuum gravitational and dark energy is created as universe expands can infinite of these be created as they appear without limit?
How do you want to be remembered when you die?	What do you want to be remembered for when you die?
What are the origins of the Hindi phrase "Majboori Ka Naam Gandhiji"?	What is the meaning of the phrase - 'majboori ka naam mahatma gandhi'?
What's your 2017 new year resolution?	What is your New Year resolution?
How can you overcome a writer's block? (songwriting)	What are some tips to get over writer's block?
How real is Tesla invention of wireless electricity?	Did Nikola Tesla really come close to inventing wireless electricity?
Why should one read books?	Why should we read books?
What is knocking in my engine?	What is knocking in engine?
Is it okay to have sex with your boyfriend before marriage?	Is it good to have sex before a marriage?
What's the best online resource to learn C#?	What are the best resources to learn OOP in c#?
Are there Quorans who ask a question and answer it themselves?	Is it common for Quorans to ask a question and then answer it themselves?
What is mole fraction in chemistry?	What is the mole fraction?
How can I forget a person whom I loved for 6 years?	How do I forget a person whom I loved?
How can I lose 25 pounds in a month?	How can I lose 30 pounds in 1 month? What are some tips?
How do I prepare for ecet?	How should I prepare for Ecet?
How is nuclear waste recycled?	Why can't nuclear waste be recycled?
What should I do to get the love my life back?	What should I do to get the love of my life back?
How can I study in Australia?	How is it to study in Australia?
What are the expected consequences of Declaring 500 and 1000 rupee notes as illegal?	How will the ban on Rs 500 and 1000 notes impact the Indian economy?
How do I prepare for gate?	How should I prepare for GATE?
How does Donald Trump's win affects Indian students preparing for graduate studies in US?	Will Trump's win affect the matriculation of students who wish to be graduate from USA?
What are some ways to design a wedding cake online?	How can you design your own wedding cake online?
If you follow someone on Instagram can they see how many times you have viewed their profile?	Can someone see if you have viewed public Instagram?
Which are the best laptops priced at around 50k?	What are the best laptops around 50k?
What's a good use of hashtags in Instagram?	What are the best hashtags to use as a photographer on instagram?
What happanes to offerings which are given to gods or godesses in the temple?	What happens to the clothes and ornaments given to the gods in temples?
What does Donald Trump's victory mean for the graduate students from Islamic countries?	Does Trump's victory effect Indian students for their higher studies?
How can I concentrate and focus on my studies?	How I increase my focus in study?
Can we earn money through Quora?	How do I make money through Quora?
What do people miss most about their childhoods?	What do you miss about childhood?
How can I learn better in school/ How can I get better grades in school?	What can I do to get better grades?
Does outer space ever stop?	Does space ever end?
I'm overweight. How can I begin to lose weight?	What is the fastest possible way to lose weight?
Does long distance relationship works?	Do long distance relationships ever work out?
How can I find my social security number online?	How can I find out my forgotten Social Security number?
How do I cure my food allergy?	Can you reverse a food allergy?
Which are the best SEO companies in Delhi?	Which is the best seo company in Delhi & India?
Which book should I refer for GATE (INSTRUMENTATION)?	What reference books should I buy for preparing for the GATE (instrumentation)?
What books are best for learning calculus?	What are the best book for learning calculus?
Which are the top places to visit in Kerala?	What are the top 5 must-visit places in Kerala before one dies?
What is the reason why the sky turns orange at night?	Why is the night sky orange sometimes?
Was Donald Trump really endorsed by the KKK?	Is it true that the KKK is endorsing Donald Trump as a presidential candidate?
Wwe is real fight?	How real is professional wrestling?
Which programming Python or Java learn first?	Should I learn python or Java first?
How can I improve my English in all aspects?	How do I improve my pronunciation in English?
What is a good way to start trading?	How did you start trading?
How do you go about writing a novel?	What are some good tips for writing a novel?
What is the biggest horse breed in the world?	What is the biggest horse breed? Why are they the biggest horse breed?
Is android better than iOS in 2016?	Which is better Android or iOS?
What does the "s" stand for in the Apple iPhone 5s?	What "s" stands for in iPhone 6s?
When will Spotify arrive in India?	When will Spotify launch in India?
How many times is Mary mentioned in the Bible?	How many times did mother Mary name appeared in Bible?
Does penis size really matter? (and) What is the size of your penis?	How important is the size of your penis to woman?
What book did every millionaire read?	What are the books every millionaire read?
What are the latest 200 factors of Google ranking algorithm?	What are the top 200 ranking signals Google uses?
What will be India if Arvind Kejriwal become the PM of India?	What will happen if Arvind Kejriwal become next PM of India?
Is Yamaha R3 worth it for commuting everyday?	Is Yamaha R3 worth it for commuting in B2B traffic?
Which are the best books on self help and human psychology?	Which is the best book to understand human behavior?
Is the PTE or IELTS easy?	Is the PTE easy compared to the to IELTS test?
Why do male porn actors always have tattoos?	Why do so many porn actresses have significant tattoos?
Can children see ghosts?	How can the children see ghost?
Humor: What are some of the greatest examples of presence of mind?	What are some examples of common sense or presence of mind?
Why does the UK have an unwritten Constitution?	Why and how is the Constitution of UK unwritten?
Why are there so many spelling errors with questions on Quora these days?	Why do so many Quora questions have poor spelling and grammar?
Is betting on bet365 legal in India in 2016?	Is bet365 legal in India?
How do I have Sex on my period time?	How do I sex during periods?
How do I prepare for rrb SSE mechanical?	How can I prepare RRB sse in mechanical?
What are the skills required to be a successful entrepreneur?	How can one become a successful entrepreneur?
Why are so many people unhappy with their lives?	Why are so many people unhappy?
How do I lose weight in a short time?	What is the easiest way to lose weight faster?
What is Hillary Clinton's policy towards India-US relations?	What will be Hillary Clinton's India policy if she wins the election?
What are the things you hate the most?	What is the one thing you hate the most?
How much does it cost to start a cafe?	What is the minimum budget to start a cafe?
Why doesn't anyone reply to my questions on Quora?	Why is nobody answering my questions in Quora?
How different are Android and iOS?	What are the differences between Android and iOS? What are their similarities?
How can anyone learn how to draw?	How do you learn to draw?
How do I see who viewed any video on instagram?	Can people see I watched their videos while stalking them on instagram?
Can people actively control their emotions?	Does our mind control our emotions?
How can I block Quora from sending me emails?	How do I change how frequently Quora sends me email?
Why can't stormtroopers aim?	Why can't stormtroopers ever hit anything?
Why is Canada a better place to live than the USA?	Which is the better place to live: Canada or the USA?
What is the meaning of the sun?	What do we mean by sun?
How can I apply for internship at Tata power?	How can I apply for internship in Tata power ?
How much is known about the release date of the new Apple MacBook Pro?	When will Apple release the next generation of MacBook Pros ?
Which is a suitable inpatient drug and alcohol rehab center in Jefferson County AL?	Which is a good inpatient drug and alcohol rehab center in Jefferson County AL?
What is web services?	What are web services?
What will be IBPS PO pre exam pattern?	What will be exam pattern of IBPS PO pre exam 2016?
What is GDP?	What is the significance of GDP?
How does the introduction of new 500 and 2000 denomination currency and stopping old 500 & 1000 denomination currency help/ affect India's economy?	What is the use of banning 500 and 1000 rupee notes and introducing new 500 and 2000 rupee notes?
What is the QuickBooks Support Phone Number in Los angeles?	What is the QuickBooks Hosting Support Number?
How did CM J. Jayalalitha die?	Why did Jayalalitha die?
What should I do to get into NDA?	How can I get into nda?
How does a person learn how to hack?	How can I learn hacking?
I'm an Electrical Engineering student of Sixth Semester. What should I made for my Final Year project?	What are some cool final year projects for electrical and electronics engineering students?
How do I survive in a long distance relationship?	What does it take for a successful long distance relationship?
What are the easiest ways for me to make money?	What are some easy ways to make money?
How much beer should I drink in a day?	How much beer one can drink in day?
How do I reset my Gmail Password?	How can I change my Gmail password?
What's it like working for Elon Musk? Is it as rough as they say?	What is it like to work with Elon Musk?
Why are there poor people in the world?	Why are there still poor people in the world?
What do people want to know about surfing?	What do people want to know most about surfing?
Why is 13 considered an unlucky number?	Why many people believe 13 is unlucky number?
How can I improve my knowledge of English?	How can I improve my English knowledge?
Why do we wear clothes?	Why did humans start to wear clothing?
What is the best way to learn hacking in short time?	What is the best free hacking websites?
How is it to be childfree? How does your life look?	What Is life like being childfree?
What people who you've never met have influenced your life the most?	Who are people you have never met who have had the greatest influence on your life?
How do I overcome mood swings while preparing for the civil service?	How should I deal with mood swings while preparing for civil services?
What are your views on ban of 500 and 1000 rupee notes in India?	What do you think about ban on Rs. 500 and Rs. 1000 currency notes?
What would it be like to live on Mars?	Would you like to live on Mars?
Is time travel already possible on Earth?	Is time travel still theorized as being possible?
Which is the best smartphone under 10000 INR?	What is best smartphone under 10000 INR? Why?
What are the most recognized flags in the world?	Which 10 flags are the most recognisable in the world?
What is the significance of cellular respiration?	What is cellular respiration for?
What are the most important apps for civil engineering?	Which is the best app for civil engineering?
Why did Ratan Tata remove Cyrus Mistry?	Why has the Tata Sons Board voted to remove Cyrus Mistry as chairman?
What are the big mistakes you made in your life?	Which are some of the biggest mistakes you have made in your love life?
What does sensory processing disorder look like?	What is sensory processing disorder?
How can I speak English fluently and fast?	How do I speak fluent English with confidence?
Are AP courses important for the college application?	How important are AP scores in college admissions?
Why is Saltwater Taffy candy imported in Hong Kong?	Why is Saltwater taffy candy imported in The Bahamas?
What's the butterfly effect?	What is the butterfly effect?
Do you think scrapping of 500 and 1000 rupee denominations is going to eradicate corruption?	How can scrapping use of 500 and 1000 rupee currency notes in India solve problem of corruption?
What are some secrets girls rarely share with any boy?	What are some secrets that a girl would rarely share with a boy?
Why is Manaphy crying incessantly throughout in Pokemon Ranger and The Temple of The Sea?	Why did Manaphy had a panic attack in Pokémon ranger and the temple of the sea?
What should anyone do to increase their presence of mind?	How do one develop presence of mind?
Who would you vote for: Donald Trump or Hillary Clinton?	Donald Trump or Hillary Clinton?
Where can I get funding for my idea?	How do I get seed funding pre product?
What are some basic to advanced tutorials or videos on Computer Vision?	What are some good video tutorials for diving into computer vision?
Where can I get amazing collection of floor tiles in Sydney?	Where can I get a huge choice of high quality wall and floor tiles in Sydney?
What are glasnost and perestroika policies?	Why were Glasnost and Perestroika important to the history of the Soviet Union?
Why has Dhoni left the captaincy from ODI and T20?	Why did M.S.Dhoni left captaincy from ODI & T20?
Which can be the best laptop under 30000?	I want a new laptop with maximum configuration under 30000?
Do eyebrows grow back?	Will my eyebrows grow back after I’ve shaved them?
What is the oldest monument on Earth?	Which are the oldest monuments on earth?
How can I increase the traffic to my website?	What are the best way to increase website traffic organically?
Does absolute motion exist?	Does absolute rest or motion exist in the universe?
Does girls like pink?	Why do most women like pink?
What are some multiplayer games for pc?	Which are multiplayer games for pc?
How do I get more followers on my Instagram?	How do I get 5k followers on Instagram?
What are the best feeds to follow on Quora?	Which feeds should I follow on Quora?
What are your best experiences while traveling in Indian Railways?	What are some of your fond memories traveling in Indian railways?
What are all the online sites where you can promote your website for free?	How do promote your website for free?
What is the best digital photo frame?	What are the best 12-inch digital photo frames?
How is bml munjal university?	How good is the BML Munjal University?
How can anyone increase height?	What do I do to increase my height?
Is psychiatry worthwhile to psychiatrists?	Is psychiatry worthwhile even for psychiatrists?
What are the best places to visit in Kerala?	What are some good beaches to visit in Kerala?
Cotton production in sudan?	Cotton in sudan?
What are some positive habits successful people practice on a daily basis?	What are a few of the habits that successful people do daily?
What are the best startups ideas in India?	What are some of the best startups ideas for India?
What is the best way to prepare for JEE?	How do I preparation for the JEE?
What is the best way to say thank you?	What is the best way to say "Thank you"?
What are data scientists?	What is a data scientist?
How can I overcome my porn addiction?	What is the most effective way to break a porn addiction?
What do hamsters like to eat besides vegetables and hamster food?	Can hamsters eat grapes?
What are the best ways to become the top student in your class?	How do I become a top student in class?
What do you think of SC's order of playing national anthem in cinema hall?	What do you think of the supreme court order that cinema halls must play the national anthem with exits closed and all present required to stand up?
Why didn’t Swami Vivekananda believe in horoscope and astrology?	Why swami vivekananda did not believe in horoscope?
Do you really believe in God? And why?	Do you believe in God? Why or why not?
How do I advertise my business on Quora?	What are the best ways to advertise on Quora?
How can I increase my stamina?	How do I increase the stamina?
How and why did trump win?	Why was Trump elected President?
What is a Swiss bank?	What are Swiss banks?
What are some of the best car technology based car gadgets?	What are some of the best car tools?
Who invented pliers? How were they invented?	How and why were pliers invented?
How can you be more sarcastic?	Sarcasm: How can I become more Sarcastic?
Is there any difference between nano sim and micro sim?	What is difference in between a nano sim and a micro sim?
How can I get traffic in my website?	How can I drive more traffic to my website?
How I can enhance my English language?	How can I improve my English Language?
What does life after death look like?	What is the life after death.?
Why can't anything travel faster than the speed of light?	How do you prove that nothing can go faster than light?
Why does fire has no shadows ?	Why does fire have no shadow?
Who according to you is the most corrupt Indian politician ever?	Who is the most corrupt politician in India?
How does it feel having sex for the first time?	What does having sex for the first time feel like?
What does it mean when you poke someone on Facebook? How do you poke someone on Facebook?	What does poking mean on Facebook and how do you poke on Facebook?
Where does matter go after falling into a black hole?	Where do an object in the space go when it falls into a black hole?
If the land masses were spread out the same way as now - only rotated by an angle of 90 degrees?	What would the world be like if the land masses were spread out the same way as now - only rotated by an angle of 90 degrees?
How are memories stored?	How are memories stored in the body?
What are the benefits of being vegan?	What is the benefit of being a vegan?
Do vampires and werewolves exist?	Are werewolves and vampires real?
What are the worst logo designs?	What's the worst logo failure you have ever seen?
What are some of the best motivational songs?	Which are the top motivational songs?
What is the best way to teach a child to read?	How did you teach your children to read?
How can I grow taller fast at 15?	How can I grow taller at the age of 15?
What are the most followed topics on Quora in 2016?	Quora: What topics are the most followed in the year 2016?
What does green phone icon on messenger mean?	What does it mean if the phone icon in messenger is lit up?
What are some good pick up lines which actually work?	What are some good pick up lines that work?
Who developed BHIM app?	Who are the developers behind BHIM app?
How can I speaking fluently speaking English?	How can I understand english?
Why do some people dislike Apple products?	Why do some people hate Apple products?
Why doesn't anyone reply to my questions on Quora?	Why are some questions not answered on Quora?
I want make a website like w3school using WordPress: which theme and pluging should I download it ? I need some help	I want to make an e-learning website such as w3school using Wordpress. Which theme and plugins do I need?
What is the job of a system analyst in the software developing process?	What is the work of a system analyst in a software developing process?
Which phone is best to buy under 15k?	What is the best phone I can get for below 15k?
Does the black hole hold a gateway to another universe?	Would a black hole be the exit of this universe?
Why can't the Government of India catch Dawood Ibrahim?	Why is India unable to catch Dawood Ibrahim?
Which are the best questions ever asked in Quora?	What are some best questions posted in Quora?
How can I quickly get rid of belly fat as a male?	What are remedies to get rid of belly fat?
How does a person get over being absent minded?	How can I stop being absent minded?
How long does it take to be a professional web designer?	How long does it take to become a web designer?
In ₹2000 note GPS nano chip is there or not?	Is the Indian currency has GPS nano chip?
How can I start learning data science?	How do I start learning about Data science?
How can I improve my business skills?	What can I do to improve my business skills?
Why has the Modi Government banned the 500 and 1000 rupee notes?	Why did Modi scrap Rs 500 & Rs 1000 notes? And what's the reason for the sudden introduction of the 2000 rupee note?
Why can't automobiles be sold online?	Why are automobiles not sold online?
Which coaching offers the BEST study material for UPSC preparation?	Which coaching offers best study material for UPSC preparations?
How do I cope with extreme anxiety?	How do you cope with social anxiety?
What is the difference between an open circuit and a short circuit?	How do short and open circuits compare and contrast?
What is the definition of a parabola?	What is parabola?
Do we have some other methods to improve the power factor other than placing the capacitor in parallel?	Is there any technique for correction of power factor other than capacitors?
What is the funniest movie that you've ever watched?	What is the most funny movie you have watched?
Do you think humans can be immortal?	How do you become immortal?
Do you think time travel is possible?	Is time travel possible then after how long time?
I want to get into Google summer code 2017.How do I prepare?	What are the tips for clearing Google Summer of Code?
What is cause for diabetes?	What causes the "sugar disease," diabetes?
What is the best dating advice you have ever been given?	What is the best dating advice you've ever been given?
Why do some people ignore others for no reason?	Why do people ignore a person without any reason?
Can someone translate into latin “QVIS ERVDIET WOTHOVT DOCVMENTA”?	Can someone translate this to English from latin I guess?
How do laser mice work?	How does laser mouse works?
Does nothing last forever?	Is there something that can last forever?
Why Russia is so powerful?	How did Russia become so powerful?
How does sex feel like for the first time?	How does it feel when a person has sex for the very first time?
How do I protect single phasing of a 3 phase motor?	What is single phase and 3 phase?
What is your best sexual experience?	What's the best sexual experience you have had?
How can I view deleted Instagram text messages?	How can I view deleted Instagram dms?
What are the biggest companies in the world?	Which are the biggest companies of the world?
What is the meaning of density?	What is the meaning of "density"?
What are ways I can make money online?	What is the best way for making money online?
How can I treat blisters on my fingers?	How do you treat blisters on the finger?
What the scope SSC CGL?	What are the scope after SSC CGL?
What is hair transplantation?	What is hair transplant? Is it harmful?
What are the fees of IIM?	What are the fees for IIM?
Why is the style of "scratching" disappearing from hip hop?	Why is there no more scratching in hip hop?
What happened to the murderers of Junko Furuta?	What ever happened to Junko Furuta's killers?
What are the keys to becoming a successful real estate agent?	What are the biggest obstacles to becoming a successful real estate agent?
What is the accuracy of a galvanometer?	How accurate is a galvanometer?
What should I do to control my anger?	What is the best treatment for controlling anger?
What is your favorite 2016 movie?	What is the best latest movie?
What are the best credit cards?	What is the best credit card?
What is the reason why my HP laptop won't turn on? How do I fix it?	How do you fix an HP laptop that won't turn on?
What's your New Year resolutions for 2017 and what will you do to accomplish your goal?	What's your resolutions for 2017?
Which is your top 10 hollywood movies list?	Which are the best Hollywood movies of all time?
Is consumption based GST good for Indian economy?	What will be the impacts of gst on our economy?
Why won't my left eye stop twitching?	What does it mean when your left eye twitches?
Do you really love your family?	Do you love your family?
What transformations does Facebook with uploaded images? jpeg quality? sharpness?	What JPEG compression library does Facebook use?
What do you do to overcome writer's block?	What should a writer do for inspiration when they're experiencing writer's block?
How can I observe like Sherlock Holmes?	How can I learn to make observations and conclusions like sherlock holmes?
Why does God want people to worship him?	Why does God want/need humans to believe in Him?
What can I do to get back my money from a scammer?	What do I need to do to get back my money from a scammer?
Who will win Punjab election?	Who is winning the 2017 Punjab election?
What are some of the best smartphones technology gadgets?	What are some of the best mobile gadgets?
Will GST change Indian economy?	Is consumption based GST good for Indian economy?
Getting Started on Quora: What is Quora?	What is a Quora?
Can we store the energy from lightining?	Will we be able to gain energy from lightning?
What are some good places to visit in Europe?	Where is the best place to visit in Europe?
Does exorcism and possession exist in religions other than Catholicism?	Do exorcisms happen in religions other than Christianity?
Do give me some simple beauty tips?	What are the most helpful general beauty tips?
Do sociopaths love?	Any sociopaths learn to love?
What are your resolutions for 2017? And why?	What is your New Year's resolutions for 2017?
What are the best ways to overcome my social anxiety?	What's the best way to overcome social anxiety and gain confidence?
Who is the present Prime Minister of India?	Who is the  Prime Minister of India?
How does it feels to be in love?	What is it like to be in love?
What is your best time pass?	What is your best pass time?
How can I make a good career in the data analytics industry?	How do I make career in data analytics?
Have the Ancient Mayans been scientifically tested?	Have the Ancient Anasazi been scientifically tested?
Can you convince me to vote for Donald Trump?	Should I vote for Trump?
What is your review of Aamir Khan’s Dangal (2016 movie)?	What is your review of Dangal (2016 movie)?
How does the HP OfficeJet 4620 Airprint compare to the HP LaserJet Enterprise M604dn?	How does the HP OfficeJet 4620 Airprint compare to the HP LaserJet Enterprise 700 Printer M712dn?
What will happen if Pakistan will be declare as a terrorist state?	What will happen to Pakistan if it is declared a terrorist state?
How should I improve my English speaking and writing skills?	What are suggestions or ideas to improve my English writing skills?
How does sex for the first time feel like?	How does first time sex feels like?
Why does everyone hate Hillary Clinton?	Why does everyone hate Hillary Clinton so much?
Why is e important in mathematics?	Why is Euler's constant (e) important in mathematics?
What's the best way to learn how to sing?	How do I learn how to sing?
How do I become a great violinist?	What does it take to be a great violinist?
What are some ways by which a student can earn money in college?	How can we earn money online while studying?
What if my girlfriend still talks to her ex?	What if my girlfriend talks to her ex?
What should I do to become the CEO of Quora?	How do I become the CEO of Quora?
How do I get more traffic on my website?	How can I drive more traffic to my website?
What does the labour party stand for?	What is the Labour Party (UK) Platform?
How can I increase my height I am 5'2 and 13 years old?	Does swimming increase your height in twenties?
What are some great places to visit in and around (50 km radius) Chennai?	What are some unique places to visit in Chennai?
What is the first thing that comes in your mind when you hear the word "PAKISTAN"?	What comes to your mind when you hear the name Pakistan?
Does hypnotism work?	Is Hypnotism real? How does it work?
I'm 18. How can I make money online?	How can I earn money easily online?
Do you have Quora in Spanish?	Is Quora available in Spanish?
How can I develop apps on android?	How can I start to learn Android?
Which is the best dating app for free?	What is best free dating app?
How does the earth rotates?	How does the earth rotate?
How can I become actor?	How can I become an actor?
What are the best earphones available in India under 1500 Rs?	Which is the best earphone under 1500 rupees?
What is the hardest mathematical equation in the world?	What is the hardest math question in the whole wide world?
Why does my Vizio TV turn on by itself?	What should I do if my Vizio TV turns off by itself?
Can you dye your hair purple without bleaching it first?	How do I dye my hair purple without bleach?
What if the Internet was never invented?	What if the internet were not invented?
How do I prepare for TOEFL exam?	How do I prepare for TOEFL or IELTS?
Why are there poor people in the world?	Why do you think there are so many poor people in the world? How did it get that way? Were there always poor people?
What are the blue reflectors on the street? What purpose do they serve?	What are those random blue reflectors that you see on US streets?
How do I stop procrastinating and wasting time?	How do I stop procrastination?
How do I change my Facebook password?	How do I get into my Instagram if I forgot my email and my Facebook password?
How can I tell if someone has hacked my phone?	How do I know if someone is hacking my phone?
What is the borderline personality disorder and what causes it?	What causes borderline personality disorder? What are the symptoms?
What is the funniest joke you have ever read heard or listened?	What are some of funniest jokes that you have ever heard?
What is the mechanism of ejaculation?	What is the mechanism behind human male ejaculation?
What are some of the famous conspiracy theories that came true?	Which is the most unlikely conspiracy theory which turned out to be true?
Is love even real?	Is love "real"?
What is the best programming language to learn in 2016?	What are the top 10 programming languages to know in 2016?
Will demonitization curb black money?	Will the demonetization really eradicate black money?
How can you access a private Instagram account?	How do I gain access to a private Instagram account?
What is the funniest thing you have ever done or seen someone to do?	What is the funniest thing that you have seen?
What is the best startup idea for 2017?	What are good startup ideas for 2017?
How do I know if a girl likes me back or not?	How do I know whether a girl likes me?
Is OK to give money to beggars?	Should I give money to beggars on the street?
What are the best techniques to trigger one's own divergent thinking?	How can you practice your divergent thinking?
How do I hack someone's icloud account?	How do I hack my iPhone 7 iCloud accounts?
What will happen to America now that Trump is president?	What will happen if Donald Trump wins the election?
What is your resolution for this year 2017?	What is your resolution for 2017?
Who is better between Hillary Clinton and Donald Trump as a US president?	In what aspects is Hillary Clinton better than Trump?
How can a college student earn money online?	What is the best way to earn money online for a college student?
How do I change my Facebook password?	How do I recover my Facebook email and password?
What is your creative New Year's resolution for 2017?	What can be my new year resolution for 2017?
What is it that we indians are collectively doing good?	What is that we as Indians are collectively doing right?
What is a hawala transaction?	What is hawala transaction?
Who's your favourite anime character?	What is your favourite anime character?
What are the most useful iPhone apps?	What are some useful iPhone apps?
What are the ten best ways to improve my questions on Quora?	How often do you mark questions as "needing improvement" on Quora?
Will 4G consume more data than 3G?	Does 4G service consume more data than 3G?
How do I retrieve my Gmail password?	How do I recover a forgotten Gmail password?
Why don't men and women compete together in sports? How will you justify gender equality based on this?	Why don't men and women compete against each other in sports?
Where can I sell my unimplemented business idea?	Can you sell your idea?
Is it possible for an individual to become a trillionaire?	Why don't people think someone will become a trillionaire?
How do you know she is the one? The one whom you should marry.	How do you know if she is the one for you?
What is document required for loan?	What are basic documents required for loan?
What are some ideas to get up early in the morning?	How can I get early every morning without struggling?
What are the books to be followed to crack XAT?	Suggest some good books for XAT?
What are some interview questions being asked by a fresher of civil engineering?	What are the questions in the interview for a fresh graduate civil engineer?
How good is Go language to learn?	Is Go a good language to learn?
What are some other sites like Quora?	Is there any other website similar to Quora?
What are the required documents needed if you lost your identification and social security card?	What should I do if lost my Social Security card? What documents do I need for a replacement Social Security card?
How should one prepare for a campus placement?	How should I prepare myself for campus placements?
What are your best moments of life?	What are the best moments of your life?
What is best CDN provider for WordPress?	What is the best CDN for WordPress?
What are some ways to passively make income through the internet?	How can I make enormous wealth through internet?
How can I introduce the surface area of cuboid by using real life situations?	How is the lateral surface area of cube and cuboid determined?
How can I be a singer?	How can I become a singer?
What does "choosing the latter" mean?	What does the expression "I chose the latter" mean?
How can I improve digestion?	How do I improve my digestion?
What are some best power banks?	Which are the best power banks?
How do I increase IQ?	How can I increase my IQ to 180?
Why do we need to reading books?	Why should we read books?
What programming languages should I learn for game development?	Should I learn the Java programming language or the C++ programming language for game development?
Which presidential candidate will help the economy?	Which 2016 US presidential candidate would be best for the economy?
How has technology changed the education system?	How has technology changed education?
What are some of the best single board games?	What is the best board game ever?
How do I remove personal information from atlaspublicrecords.com?	How do I remove related to me information from a website?
What is uber?	What/who is Uber?
What are songs stuck in your head today?	What song can you not get out of your head today? Why?
What is the best film of 2016?	Which is the best movie 2016?
How many languages you can speak and what they are?	How many and what are the languages you can speak?
What's the difference between psychologist and psychiatrist?	What's the difference between psychiatrist and psychologist?
Where did Hitler actually die?	Where did Adolph Hitler ended?
What's the best way to learn fingerstyle guitar?	What is the best way to learn fingerstyle guitar?
Why do soccer players wear a jockstrap?	Why do football players wear a jockstrap?
What do recruiters value in candidates?	How did some Uber recruiters mislead candidates about the value of their RSUs?
How do I become a good digital marketer?	What are good ways to learn to become the best digital marketer?
What books should one read before dying?	Which are some of the books that is a must read for a person in his 20s?
What was your worst career decision?	What was the worst career decision you have ever made?
Do most women enjoy sex?	Do female enjoy sex?
How is time travel possible?	Will time travel be possible in the next 10 years?
What is the funniest joke you ever heard?	What is the funniest joke you have ever read heard or listened?
What is the best way to know if I'm being hacked?	How do I know that I am being hacked?
Why are you voting for Hillary Clinton?	Why do you support Hillary Clinton?
Why is Hillary Clinton a better choice than Donald Trump?	Who would be a better president: Hillary Clinton or Donald Trump?
What is the difference between a resume and C.V.?	What is difference between CV And Resumé?
How do you raise self confidence?	What are some suggestions on how to improve my self confidence?
Cognitive Neuroscience: What would be the memory capacity of our brains if we were to approximate it in terms of bytes?	How brain memory capacity can be meassured in bytes?
What are some of your highly upvoted answers on Quora?	What are some highly upvoted answers on Quora?
What are the signs of a chemical reaction? Why do some chemical reactions have an arrow and some an equality sign?	Why do some chemical reactions have an arrow and some an equality sign?
Is western country celebrating Chinese festival?	Are Chinese festivals celebrated in western countries ?
What is the intermediate value theorem?	What is the intermediate value theorem? How do you find it?
Will Donald Trump’s win in the elections have an impact on Indian students applying for a higher education in the US?	What does Donald Trump's win mean for Indian students in USA?
How do I recover my Gmail password?	My Gmail is hacked. How do I recover the password?
Is music like another language?	Is music like a language?
How do I get the patience to read a book?	How do I develop the patience to read books?
How can I make money from Quora?	How can we earn from Quora?
In what environment does a panda eat meat?	Under what circumstances will a panda eat meat?
Is there anything beyond the universe?	What's outside the universe?
Is Redmi note 3 a good buy?	I want buy Xiaomi Redmi Note 3 is it good to buy that?
Why is Saltwater Taffy candy imported in Poland?	Why is Saltwater Taffy candy imported in Spain?
What's the absolute easiest way to commit suicide?	What are some painless ways to commit suicide?
Which is the best book for Python beginners to advance?	What is the best book for learning Python easily?
What is the best way to get a large number of upvotes for your answers on Quora?	How does a person get so many upvotes on Quora?
How could water be produced on Mars?	How can scientists know if there is water on Mars?
How do you delete messages on Snapchat?	How do I delete save message from everyone on Snapchat?
Which are the best SEO companies in Delhi?	Which company provides the best SEO services in Delhi?
Why are you looking for a new opportunity?	Why are you looking at new oppurtunity?
Why does zero factorial (0!) equal one (1)?	Why does factorial zero (0!) is equal to one?
What are other question-asking websites like Quora?	Are there other websites like Quora?
Why can't I like comments in Instagram?	Why can't I like comments on Instagram?
What is the Best book of english for CAT?	What is the best book for English skills for CAT?
What are funniest incidents you had with your friends?	What is the funniest incident between you and your friends?
Who is the most inspirational person in your life and why?	Who inspires you most and why?
Is it possible to get rid of cellulite?	How do I cure cellulite?
Is it necessary to go to gym to get good looking body?	Is it necessary to go to the gym to have a good-looking body?
How do I keep myself motivated to work hard?	How do I motivate myself to keep working hard?
How can I know if a girl is virgin or not?	How do I know a girl is Virgin or not?
What are some hacks and tips for booking super cheap flights?	What are tips and hacks at finding cheap flights?
Can you work under pressure best answers?	Do you work well under pressure?
What are some surefire ways to grow your YouTube channel?	What is your advice to grow a YouTube channel?
If you follow someone on Instagram can they see how many times you have viewed their profile?	Can people see if you have viewed their instagram?
How do I upload a photo to a Quora?	How do I upload my photo on Quora?
Is there really a cure for all cancer?	Scientist that are currently answering is there a cure for cancer? Explain?
Where are the best beaches in Puerto Rico?	What are the best beaches in Puerto Rico?
What is the best way to improve my spoken English soon?	How can I improve my English in a very short time?
Why isn't he texting me?	Why he is not texting me?
How can I buy property in India?	How do I buy property in India?
What is the one question that you would never ask?	What are some questions one should never ask?
Which is the best QuickBooks data recovery support number in New York?	What is the QuickBooks Support Phone Number in Los angeles?
What is the grid?	What is grid?
How do people find out about Quora?	How did you came to know about Quora?
How do I write an essay in English effectively?	How do I write an essay in English?
What will be the effect of banning 500 and 1000 Rs notes on real estate sector in India? Can we expect sharp fall in prices in short/long term?	What will be the effect of banning 500 and 1000 notes on gold rate and real estate?
Are all the facts shown in the movie "MSD an untold story" true?	Bollywood: Is all that is shown in the movie 'Dhoni-The untold story' true?
What are some ways to remember people's names quickly?	What is the easiest way to remember people's names?
Do stiffer gun control laws reduce or increase gun violence?	Would more gun control laws reduce gun deaths?
How many people have ever lived?	How many human beings have ever lived?
Why did the government produce new notes of ₹2000 instead of new ₹1000 notes?	Why did RBI choose to come out with a ₹2000 note instead of a newer ₹1000 note?
How do I make a simple cake?	How do you bake a 10" cake?
How can I join a startup company?	How can I join a good startup?
What will be the result of banning 500 and 1000 rupees note in India?	What are the best benefits to government after 500 and 1000 rs note ban?
How do I unlock iCloud lock in iPhone?	Is it possible to unlock an iPhone without iCloud lock from the previous owner?
Can I see who viewed my profile on WhatsApp?	How can I see who views my whatsapp profile regularly?
What is the most probable cutoff for KVPY SA 2016?	What will be the cut-off for KVPY SA stream in 2016?
How does one overcome feeling inferior?	How can one overcome the fear of inferiority?
Is it possible to dig a hole up to core of earth?	Is it possible to reach earths core or centre?
What are some good romantic novels?	What are some good romantic English novels?
Who are Tesla's top competitors?	Who are Tesla’s competitors?
What are some ethical hacking tools?	What are some ethical hacking hacks?
What is a sensible methodology/benchmark to price a commission fee to charge banks on a new price comparison site in an emerging market?	What is a sensible methodology/benchmark to price a commission fee to charge a retail bank on a new price comparison site in an emerging market?
How can I start my business?	How do I start business from nothing?
How do I root an Android device?	How can I root my Android device?
How do I start preparing for ibps po?	How do prepare the prelims exam of IBPS PO?
How can I quickly get rid of belly fat as a male?	How do I get rid of belly fat and thigh fat?
Has Indian government failed to uphold tolerance in the country?	Has the Indian government failed to uphold tolerance in the country?
What is the significance of the Hermite polynomials? What are some of their most common applications?	Significance of Hermite polynomial?
How do I actually lose weight?	How do I lose 15 kilos?
What is the easiest way to kill yourself without feeling any pain?	What is the best way for me to kill myself?
What is dark energy?	What is (or can be) dark energy?
What is Angel investor?	What is an angel investor?
What are some clothing stores that sell cute clothes for cheap?	What are clothing stores that sell inexpensive yet trendy clothes?
Does hookah cause more bodily harm than smoking cigarettes?	Is hookah more harmful than cigarette?
Why are African countries underdeveloped?	Why are most african countries still underdeveloped?
What does "chag chanukah sameach" mean in Hebrew? When and how is the phrase used?	What does "chanukah sameach" mean in Hebrew? How is such term used in a sentence?
What is the best programming language for a beginner?	What would be the best programming language to DIY learn today?
What are some good online lectures on distributed systems concepts?	What are some good video lectures to learn distributed systems?
What are the best earphones within Rs 3000?	Which is the best earphone under Rs 3000?
Which is the rarest element in the universe?	What is the rarest element in the universe?
What's the funniest story you've ever heard?	What was the funniest story you have heard?
How do you post a question on Quora?	How do I post a question here?
What are some ways that a Donald Trump presidency may actually be good for America?	In what ways would a Donald Trump presidency be good for America?
What are some of the great coincidences of history?	What are the greatest coincidences in history?
Why did the government decide to scrap 1000 rupee notes and introduce a denomination of 2000 instead?	After demonetisation of notes government introduce Rs 2000 notes. does it create question on government moves against black money?
Should uneducated people be allowed to vote?	Should voting be a luxury rather than a right? Should the smarter people only be allowed to vote?
Which are the most ethical business houses in India and how?	Which is the most ethical business house in India?
How can I make money from a blog?	How can I earn money by writing a blog?
Are there any Android app developer course Online training?	What is the best Android App developer certification?
What must I do to have good handwriting?	How I can be good at handwriting?
Do mainland Chinese use Quora?	Are most of the Mainland Chinese and the Chinese population on Quora nationalist?
What are the safety precautions on handling shotguns proposed by the NRA in Rhode Island?	What are the safety precautions on handling shotguns proposed by the NRA in Wisconsin?
How is 666 Satanic?	Why is the number 666 considered Satanic?
How can I improve my pronunciation of English words?	How can I improve my English in a very short time?
What keeps you inspired always?	Who keeps you inspired?
Which books should entrepreneurs read?	What are some books all entrepreneurs must read?
How can some people still believe the world is flat?	Why are there still people who believe the world is flat?
How do I convince my parents to buy a dog for us?	How should I convince my parents to get me a dog?
Is it allowed for a person to work in two different companies simultaneously?	Can we work at two companies simultaneously?
Can time travel ever be possible?	Is time travel possible then after how long time?
How do I learn the Arabic language to understand the Quran?	Where can I learn written Arabic to read the Quran?
What is the best picture you have seen ever?	What's the best picture you have ever seen?
How will demonetization of ‎₹1000 and ‎₹500 notes will help curb the rampant black currency in India?	How Rs.2000 currency notes will reduce black money market or corruption?
What is difference between variance and standard deviation?	What is the difference between standard deviation and variance? Gives an explaination with example?
How do I stop worrying about what others think of me?	How do I stop worrying about future?
What are the most mind blowing facts about Lucknow?	What are mind blowing facts about lucknow?
Who is answering the questions asked on Quora?	Who can answer the questions asked on Quora?
How do I differentiate between love and infatuation?	How would you differentiate between infatuation and love?
What are the colors of Ravenclaw and why do they have those colors?	What are the colors of Ravenclaw?
Which is the richest man in the world?	Who is the richest man in the world (by money)?
What are the pros and cons in the various sectors of the Indian economy by banning Indian Rupees of 500 and 1000 notes? What lead to this short notice by PM Narendra Modi?	What is the main reason for discontinuing 500 and 1000 Rupees Note in India? What are the pros and cons of it?
Do jains belong to General category or Other Category?	Do Jains come under an OBC on general category?
Why is Quora useful and successful?	What are the factors that make Quora so successful?
How do you join a Facebook network?	How do I join Facebook?
How can I gain healthy weight and mass?	How do I gain weight fast but still be healthy?
Where does the vice president of the USA live?	Where does the U.S. Vice President live while in office?
What are demand factors?	What is Demand factor?
Should I upgrade to Windows 10 from 7?	Should I migrate from Windows 7 to Windows 10?
Are there any coding camps for competitive programming in India?	What are the best coding bootcamps in India?
Can you run your car on water?	Is it possible to make a car run on water?
Why is Christopher Columbus important to history?	How is Christopher Columbus important in history?
Where can I buy good henna powder?	Where can I buy good henna?
Why do people use slang?	Why do people use slangs in life?
World of Warcraft (2004 video game): What is it like to play as Tauren in World of Warcraft?	World of Warcraft (2004 video game): What is it like to play as Tauren Tank in World of Warcraft?
How can I get a complete list of all old Gmail accounts in my name?	How do I find my old Gmail account back?
How can I make my money make money?	How can I start making money? What are the best ways to make money?
What is cotton gin?	Which task was performed by the cotton gin?
How do you win a city council election in a major city?	How do you win a city council election?
What conspiracy theories turned out to be true?	Are any of the conspiracy theories actually true?
Will someone help me get a job?	Who can help me get a job?
Is it possible to travel time with real life?	What is the possibility of time travel becoming a reality?
What are some job prospects in India after completing an MS from Germany in electrical?	How are Job opportunities in India after ms in electrical in Germany?
What were the main causes of the Battle of the Somme?	What was the Battle of Somme?
What can I learn in a month that could be useful for the rest of my life?	What should I learn in 1 month that will be useful for my rest of life?
What are some tips to write a novel?	What are some good tips for writing a novel?
What's the strongest antibiotic in the world?	What are the strongest antibiotics?
Can someone help me hack my gmail account?	How do I hack a Gmail account?
Can I build android app using Python? How can I do it?	Can you code an Android app completely in python?
Do we have any trick to know who see your whatsapp profile?	How can I see who views my whatsapp profile regularly?
Is BS Computer Science one of the qualified majors to be an astronaut?	Can a computer scientist aspire to be a NASA astronaut?
How can I become Prime Minister of the UK? What are the necessary steps I need to take?	Can I become the prime minister of the United Kingdom?
How is alchemist for cat coaching?	How good is Alchemist CAT coaching?
Which company gives me the best medical insurance for my employees?	Which company is best for medical Insurance?
What`s the best way to get rid of porn addiction?	How did you overcome porn addiction?
Why do I see the same questions in my Quora feed even if I refresh?	Why is Quora showing me the same questions again and again when I visit the website or app?
Is there a cure for chronic chapped lips?	Is there a cure for chapped lips?
What are good websites for starting a new blog?	What are the best blog websites to start a new blog?
Why do I feel sad and alone all the time?	Why do I feel alone and sad most of the time?
What are some good methods to studying?	How can I improve my studying?
What are some good questions to ask a sociopath?	What are good questions to ask a sociopath?
What will be the effect of the ban of 500 and 1000 rupee notes be on the stock market?	What will be effect on stock exchange of India after ban on 500 and 1000 note?
Is it healthy to eat instant white oats every day?	What is a cheap healthy diet I can keep the same and eat every day?
What you have never done?	What is something you never do?
What are some of the saddest movies?	What is the saddest movie you have watched?
What is the future growth in Android development?	What is the future for Android developers?
What's the worst thing that ever happens to you for being nice?	What is the worst thing that happened to you for being nice?
Why was Osama bin Laden buried at sea?	Why did the USA dump Bin Laden dead body in the sea?
How should one prepare for campus placements?	How do I prepare well for campus placements exam?
How much do furniture salesmen make?	How much can a furniture salesmen?
How do I learn English quickly?	How can I learn English well in a short time?
Has anybody had near death experience and saw any evidence of an afterlife?	Has anyone had a near death experience and saw the evidence of an afterlife?
Will Narendra Modi become the PM in 2019?	Can Narendra Modi become Prime Minister of India in 2019?
Why doesn't the Quora app have a night mode or a dark theme to ease the eyes while reading at night?	Why doesn't Quora introduce a night mode feature?
Should I believe my horoscope?	Should one believe in the horoscope?
What exercises can be done so as to reduce fat around hip?	What can be done to reduce thigh and hip fat in men?
Would Donald Trump be a good president?	Donald Trump: Would you be a good president?
What is the least painless way to kill yourself?	What are some quick and painless ways to kill myself?
Will accountants be replaced by computers?	Will a tax accountant be replaced by computers?
What's the difference btw lymph nodes and lymph nodules?	What are lymphs? What's the difference btw lymph nodes and lymph nodules?
What are some good movies on mental illness?	Can you think of any great movies about mental illness?
Is isis really that dangerous?	How really dangerous is ISIS?
What are some good books to read for time management?	What is the best book for time management?
How can I improve my spoken English ability?	What should I do to improve my spoken English?
Would ISPs block forums without net neutrality?	Why wouldn't internet providers block forum sites if we didn't have net neutrality?
Why do people ask questions on Quora that are easily to find answers too on Google?	Why don't Quora people just look up the answer on Google?
Why caste discrimination is so common in India?	Why there is so much caste discrimination in India?
Why does the Sun rise in the East and set in the West?	Why does the Sun rise from the East?
Which battle has the most casualties in history?	What was the deadliest battle in history?
What is the exact meaning of life?	What do you think is the ultimate meaning of life?
Can skipping increase your height?	How do I increase body height?
How do I buy the best women tops online?	How can I buy the best women tops online?
What's the best plan to lose weight?	How can I efficiently lose weight?
Do long distance relationships work?	How can long distance relationships be successful?
How many times can a person fall in love?	How many times can someone fall in love?
Why is there a regulation on the freedom of speech in Quora as it is called a freedom speech forum?	Is there freedom of speech on Quora?
What is the benefits of reading?	What are benefits of reading books?
How can one ask for a raise?	How should I ask for a raise?
Why did David Foster Wallace commit suicide?	Why did David Foster Wallace kill himself?
Why does talking to someone in person feel more real?	Why does talking in person feel more real?
How can I find all my Gmail IDs?	How can I find all my old Gmail accounts?
How can I be a good software engineer?	What is to be done to be a good software developer?
What is the expected cutoff for KVPY SA 2016 -17?	What is the expected cutoff for the KVPY 2016?
How does a person learn how to hack?	How can I learn hacking at home?
How can I prepare for the CAT in 3 months?	What is the best way to prepare for the CAT exam in 3 months?
How do I get more traffic for my site?	How can I increase the traffic on a site?
How is a zero gravity environment created for astronaut training on earth?	How is zero gravity created on earth?
Why do we need someone to share our feelings with? Why can't we share our feelings with ourselves?	Why do we feel need of someone to share our feelings?
Which is the best website builder online?	What are the best website builders for 2013?
How will the scrapping of Rs 500 and Rs 1000 notes help in reducing black money and corruption?	How will banning Rs. 500 and Rs. 1000 notes help in overcoming corruption in India?
How can I improve my financial knowledge?	How can I increase my financial knowledge?
What is function in programming?	What is functional programming?
Which are some of the best laptops to buy in India?	What laptop is best to buy in India and why?
Is Seinfeld the greatest sitcom ever?	What are some arguments for Seinfeld being one of the greatest sitcoms ever made?
What would happen if Malaysia invades Singapore?	What will happen if Malaysia want to attack Singapore with their military?
What should I do to know if my girlfriend still loves me?	How can I know whether my boyfriend loves me truly or not?
Why is biodiversity considered important to humans?	Why is biodiversity important to human welfare?
In outer space how do rockets move if there environment is a vacuum?	How do space rockets function in outer space?
Can Quora overtake Stack Overflow?	Can Quora replace Stack Overflow?
When will India be developed nation?	When will India be identified as a developed nation?
Is there a good way to learn telekinesis?	What are some easy ways to learn telekinesis? I'm a novice.?
How should I earn money online working from home?	How can I earn from online?
What's your best shoplifting story?	What's your shoplifting story?
How do I find out who owns the domain I want?	How do I find out who owns a domain I want?
Why do some people use Quora when a dictionary or Google could be used instead?	Why do people use Quora when we already have google?
Do you have any tactics to fight stage fright?	How do I get rid of a very bad stage fright?
What does Turkish sound like to you?	How does the Turkish (Türkçe) sound like to non-Turkish speakers?
Why can't India get more medals in every Olympics?	Why is India performing bad in Olympics?
Why did Trump win the Presidency?	Why did Donald Trump win the 2016 American election?
What colour is water?	What is the colour of water?
What is ecommerce email marketing?	Ecommerce email marketing?
What are some of most interesting and unknown facts about Shah Rukh Khan?	What are the 8 amazing facts about Shah Rukh Khan?
What is the best GRE preparation forum for self study to get a good score?	How hard is the GRE and how should I study to get a good score in it?
How can we improve society?	How can I improve the society?
What is functional region in geography?	What is a functional region?
What is the best programming/coding language to learn?	What is the most valuable programming language for the future to learn?
What is the age limit of UPSC?	What is the age limit for UPSC?
Where can I learn Hadoop for free?	Where can I learn Hadoop free?
What is the best answer of "why should I hire you"?	What is the best short answer for "why should I hire you"?
How does concentric contractions differ from eccentric contractions?	What are some symptoms of eccentric and concentric contractions?
How healthy are Wheat Thins?	How healthy is Wheat Thins?
What are the job opportunities for mechanical students after doing MS in USA?	What are some job opportunities in the USA after an MS in mechanical?
What's your opinion on Indian Prime Minister Modi's new policy about illegalization of 500 and 1000 currency notes?	What do you think about RBI's new move of banning 500 and 1000 notes?
What does spatial data mean?	What is spatial data?
What are your views about the recent decision of the government to bring new notes of 500 and withdraw the old notes of 500 and 100?	What are the full implications of the Indian government's decision to withdraw all the old 500 and 1000 rupee notes from circulation?
Which country is most likely to start world war III?	How will World War III begin?
Does a fish feel thirsty in the water?	Do fish feel thirst?
What should I do to get up early in the morning?	How can I get early every morning without struggling?
What was the incident that changed my life?	What was the first incident that changed your whole life?
The bond angle of Sulphur dioxide is greater than that of Ozone. Why?	Why is the bond angle of Sulphur dioxide greater than that of Ozone?
What are some mind-blowing vehicles tools that exist that most people don't know about?	What are the best new Car technology that most people don't know about?
How will the implementation of GST bill impact the lives of common people?	What is the effect of GST bill on a common man?
Do PhD students in India get a stipend?	How much stipend do PhD students get in india?
What are some examples of one-celled organisms?	What are some examples of the most common one celled organisms? Where are they found?
How does one create a web crawler?	How do I make a web crawler?
How will demonitization stop black money?	Will demonitization curb black money?
What do you think about Modi's new policy on the ban of Rs 500 and Rs 1000 notes?	What are your views on PM Modi's decision on discontinuing 500 & 1000 rs notes?
How do I find out my child's talent?	How can a parent identify their child's hidden talent?
How can we earn on YouTube?	How can I earn money in YouTube?
Why did a military coup never occurr in communist China?	Why has a military coup never occurred in Communist China?
What is a gyroscopic effect?	What is gyroscopic effect?
How many no of engineering colleges are in Delhi NCR?	What can be the ranking of the engineering colleges (mention private/government funded) in Delhi NCR?
Are Subway sandwiches unhealthy?	Is Subway actually healthy?
Where can I get fantastic value in Sydney for floor tiles?	Where can I get amazing collection of floor tiles in Sydney?
What is the craziest political conspiracy theory you've heard?	What is the weirdest conspiracy you have ever heard?
How does the HP OfficeJet 4620 Airprint compare to the HP LaserJet Enterprise M604dn?	How does the HP OfficeJet 4620 Airprint compare to the HP DesignJet T1530 36-in PostScript Printer?
How do I become a positive thinker? Any methods?	How can I become a positive thinker?
What is the wildest thing you have ever done in life?	What is the strangest/weirdest/wildest thing you have ever done? What do you wish to do?
How do you convert nanograms to micrograms?	How do you convert nanogram to microgram?
Can you track a stolen cell phone?	Can I track a stolen phone?
Is Physical intimacy necessary in true love?	Does true love require physical intimacy? Why or why not?
What do you think of the decision by the Indian Government to replace 1000 notes with 2000 notes?	Do you think Indian governments decision to demonetize the 500 and 1000 rupee note is a sudden action?
Why did Mulayam Singh Yadav expel Akhilesh Yadav from the Samajwadi Party for 6 years?	Why did mulayam Singh Yadav expel his son “Akhilesh Yadav” CM of U.P. out of "Samajvadi Party"?
Can I be rich?	How could I get rich?
How I tell a girl that I likes her?	How do I tell a girl I like her?
Taj mahal is tejo mahalaya ancient shiva temple?	Was the Taj Mahal a Shiva temple? But why does Indian government not take action?
What are the effects of putting oxygen in nitrogen filled tires?	What are some of the advantages of filling nitrogen gas filling in tires?
Is morality subjective?	Is human morality subjective or objective?
What is diesel cycle?	What is a diesel cycle?
What were some consequences of the Crusades?	What were some of the unintended consequences of the Crusades?
Why do some people worship celebrities and famous people? Why do people love celebrities?	Why do people fall in love with celebrities?
What's happening with Deutsche Bank?	What is happening with the Deutsche bank?
How can we predict Earthquakes?	Can we forecast earthquakes?
What advantages does an alternating current have over a direct current?	What is the advantage of AC current over DC current?
Why is yawning considered to be contagious?	Why is yawning so infectious?
Which are some of the must watch hollywood movies?	What are best Hollywood movies?
Are there any rumours about when a new MacBook Pro 15" could be released?	When is the new Apple Macbook Pro coming? In 2016?
What are the most interview questions for musicians?	What are the most interesting interview questions to ask musicians/bands?
How meditation can benefit me?	What can meditation do to help me?
How do I train my Beagle/German Shepherd mix puppy to track a scent?	How do you train dogs to track smells?
What are the cheapest places in India to travel alone?	Which are the cheapest places in India to travel?
What are some good inspirational movies?	What are the top 10 inspirational movies?
How do I burn fat?	How do I start planning for losing fat?
What is your best sexual experience?	What has been your best sexual experience?
How do I make money from home?	How do you make money online?
How can I earn money part time online?	What is best way to make money online?
How do I make my Quora feed interesting again?	How can I tailor my Quora feed to my interests?
How do I get rid of these constant Migraines?	How can I get rid of migraine pain naturally?
How did you first get on Quora?	Where did you first hear about Quora? How did you get here?
How can I overcome porn addiction?	What is the best way to overcome an porn addiction?
What are the best quotes to live by?	What is your best quote to live by?
How can I buy a sports car?	How does someone buy a sports car?
Why do my questions keep getting marked as needing improvement even though my grammar is correct?	How do I talk to the moderators who marked my questions as needing improvements in Quora?
How does first time sex feels like for a man?	How does sex feel the first time for men?
What do I need to do if I want to live beyond the age of 100 years old?	What is a formula to live for 100 years?
Why do people on Quora answer a lot of questions but ask fewer questions?	Do people on Quora disproportionately either ask or answer questions?
Why do some people write the asked question at the top of their answers?	Why do some people copy and paste the question and details in answers?
What makes you an insightful problem solver?	How can I be a problem solver?
How do you become immortal?	Can we be immortal?
Which companies (basically who deals in software development) in the UK provides VISA sponsorship?	What are the software companies offer visa sponsorships to candidates in the UK?
Why are people obsessed with money?	Why is the world obsessed with money?
What are some Bible verses that describe Satan?	Who is Satan?
What is speed of electron?	What is the speed of an electron?
How can I become a Google Adwords expert?	How do I become an expert at Google Adwords?
What is your New Year’s Resolution(s) for 2017?	What are your New Years resolutions for 2017?
What's the range of a very good GRE score?	What do you think would be a good gre score?
Will Power lifting or any lift with my legs stunt my growth?	Lifting weights will stunt your height". Is this true?
How do you get VC or angel funding for a start-up idea?	How do I get VC/angel funding for my startup?
What is a plan for a 2 days/1 night trip to Goa?	Can you suggest how to plan Goa trip for 4 days?
What types of people should you keep away from in life?	What types of people should I avoid?
At what age did you stop believing in Santa?	At what age did your child stop believing in Santa and how did it happen?
How difficult is it to get into Wharton's business school?	Was it difficult to get into the Wharton School of Business?
How do I stop caring so much about what other people think of me?	What are some psychological tricks to stop caring about what people think?
What ideas does Donald Trump have with him to make America great again?	How is Trump going to make America great again?
What do you think about Modi's new policy on the ban of Rs 500 and Rs 1000 notes?	What is the use of demonetizing Rs. 500 & Rs. 1000 notes?
What's your favorite piece of artwork?	What is your favorite piece of art?
How do I write good satire?	How do I write a good satire?
What percentage cut does Uber take from the total fare cost of a ride in chicago?	What percentage cut does Uber take from the total fare cost of a ride?
Where can I get affordable package in Sydney for floor tiles?	Where can I get affordable shopping experience for floor tiles?
Why making a Time Machine is Impossible?	Is the discovery of a time machine possible?
How can I find out my child's Snapchat password?	Can someone hack my snapchat password?
What are some study hacks every student should know?	What are some study hacks to study effectively?
Is Brexit really happening?	Is Brexit likely to happen?
Is there an easily available 3D CAD of a tuned whistle/pitch pipe (note A = 442 Hz) which I could use to tune my violin?	Is there a readily available 3D CAD of a tuned whistle/pitch pipe (note A = 442 Hz) which I could use to tune my violin?
How to get away with someone to whom you have killed?	How do you kill someone and get away with it?
What do you mean by recruitment?	What is mean by recruitment?
How do we come to know what our passion is?	How can one come to know their passion?
How do you compare eukaryotic and prokaryotic cells?	How can you compare and contrast eukaryotic and prokaryotic cells?
What can I do to immigrate to Canada as an American?	How can I immigrate to Canada from China with my husband together?
How do I learn Ethical hacking as a beginner?	How do I learn ethical hacking and what is pentesting?
How does I develop self confidence?	How can I improve my confidence?
Is there any evidence of life on other planets?	Is it possible that there is life in other planets?
How can someone hack Google?	Can anyone literally hack Google?
What are some tips for a first time stock market investor?	What are some tips for a first time investor in the stock market?
How do I improve my pronunciation in English?	How can I improve my communication skills in English?
How do you tell someone you like them?	Why is it so tough to tell someone you like them?
Why is Positive Freedom important?	Why is positive freedom is important?
What are some interesting questions?	What are some interesting question?
What is best branch in engineering?	Which are the best engineering fields?
What are some great chemistry jokes?	What are the best chemistry jokes?
How can I know my IP address?	How can I learn my public IP address?
How do I get a job after 12th class?	How do I get a job after class 12th?
How do businesses scale up?	How do you scale a business?
How can long distance relationships be successful?	Can you help me with tips for a successful long distance relationship?
How one can crack any interview?	How do I crack interview?
What is exactly wrong in Samsung Galaxy Note 7 battery causing it to explode?	Why are Samsung's Galaxy Note 7 phones exploding?
Which is the best earphone/headphone under INR 3000?	Which is the best headphone under Rs 3000?
What will be the impact of demonetization in India?	What are the macroeconomic impacts of demonetization of high value currency in India?
Why does Quora mark so many questions as needing improvement?	Why does Quora mark so many questions as “needing improvement” when the original writer of the question thinks they’re perfectly clear?
How do I emigrate to Australia?	What's the easiest way to emigrate to Australia?
What should I do to make money online in India?	How can I earn money online easily?
My question was marked as needing improvement! What does it mean? How do you mark other questions for improvement?	Can people still see questions that are marked as needing improving?
How do I prepare for tcs off campus?	How I prepare for TCS off campus exam?
Which is your favorite fiction book? Why?	What are your top five favorite fiction books?
What will be a better choice between XLRI and IIFT?	Which is better XLRI or IIFT?
Which one out of Samsung Galaxy S7 and IPhone 6s is better?	Should I buy iPhone 6s or Samsung Galaxy edge 7?
How should one develop good presence of mind?	Is there any way to develop my presence of mind?
Who will be the next President of America and Why?	Who is the next president of America?
In how many years will the Chinese communist party collapse?	Is the Chinese Communist Party going to collapse?
How does the HP OfficeJet 4620 Airprint compare to the HP DesignJet T795 44-in Printer?	How does the HP OfficeJet 4620 Airprint compare to the HP LaserJet Enterprise M604dn?
How can we slow down the global warming? In short steps. As an individual effort?	What's the most impactful thing I can do as an individual to prevent global warming?
What are the best places to visit in Kerala for college students?	Which places should I visit if I am going to Kerala for a week with friends?
Which is best smartphone to buy in 2016?	Which best smartphone in world?
What could cloudy urine mean?	Why is my urine cloudy?
Does green tea really help in losing weight?	Does drinking green tea for weight loss really help? Does it have any adverse effects on your skin?
What are the best anime movies?	What are the best anime movies to watch?
How can I find out whom an email address belongs to?	How can you find out who an email belongs to?
How do you make your decisions?	How do I make a quick right decision?
Do Hollywood actors and actresses really engage in sexual intercourse while shooting sex scenes?	Do actor really have sex while shooting (Hollywood)?
Does Gary Johnson stand a chance of being elected president?	What are the chances Gary Johnson will be our next president?
Why do fans rotate on the same side?	Why do fans rotate towards the same direction?
How do I start a blog on Quora?	How can I create a blog on Quora?
What are the differences between Hindustani classical music and Carnatic music?	What is difference between Hindustani and Carnatic music?
How can I market my IT services business?	How can I market an IT services business?
How is some modern anime still so sexist?	Are Japanese anime sexist?
Is Google the best search engine or not ?	Is Google the best search engine? If not then what are its flaws?
Why my question is marked as needing improvements?	Is there a way on Quora to ask why a specific question was marked as needs improvement?
What is subnet masks?	What is a subnet mask?
How do I incorporate a new social enterprise in USA?	How do I incorporate a social enterprise in the USA?
If I have a tattoo can I donate blood?	Can I donate blood if I have a tattoo?
What are the best books for UPSC?	What are the best books for UPSC/UPPCS?
Can I see my video viewers on Instagram?	How can I see who viewed my video on Instagram but didn't like my video?
What's a good workout to gain strength and get a ripped body?	What are some workout exercises to gained a ripped body?
What is the best way to lose calories fast?	What is the best way to burn fat fast?
Do schools kill creativity?	Does school always kill creativity?
How do I stop being such a pushover?	How do I stop being a pushover?
How can I get my photos back?	How can I get back lost photos from applock?
How do I hack WhatsApp messages without using target's Andriod?	Is there any way to hack WhatsApp using web.whatsapp?
Is platinum costly than Gold?	Why is platinum costlier than gold?
What is the difference between a businessman and an entrepreneur?	What are the differences in the definition of businessman and entrepreneur? Is every businessman an entrepreneur?
What is the main difference between electrical and electronics?	What is the difference between electronics and electrical engineering?
Which is the best smart phone below 12000 in 2016 in India?	Which is the best smart phone below 12k?
How do I ask for a girl's number?	How do I approach a girl and ask for her number?
How does it feel when you know you are about to die/dying?	How does it feel to be dead?
Which are some of the best movies which are underrated by imdb?	Which movies have undeserved low ratings on IMDb?
Which is the best IIT coaching in Indore?	Which is the best coaching institute for IITJEE in Indore(MP)?
What is your scariest experience on Dark Web?	Has anything scary or creepy happened to you when accessing the dark Web?
What is your opinion on the Fermi Paradox?	What are your views on the Fermi Paradox?
When will Apple update its MacBook Pro line?	When will Apple upgrade its MacBook Pro line to the Sandy Bridge processor?
What are some great optical illusions?	What are the most mind-blowing optical illusions?
If we have evolved from apes then why there are apes around us?	If it's true that humans evolved from monkeys why is that all monkeys are not evolved yet?
What are the most beautiful languages?	What is the most beautiful language?
What does VSP position in Accenture mean?	What is a VSP post in the Accenture mean?
Which is the best QuickBooks Tech Support Number in North Dakota?	Which is the best QuickBooks proadvisor tech support number?
What are sound waves?	What is a sound wave?
Can we prove 0! =1?	Why and how is 0! =1?
Are there people who had successful long distance relationships? Can you tell me about your successful experience with long distance relationship?	Can you help me with tips for a successful long distance relationship?
How to increase my website Traffic?	What are the ways to increase my site traffic?
What is the most efficient way to make money?	What is the best way make extra money?
How should I start preparing for the CFA Level 1 exam?	What is the best way for preparing CFA Level - 1 Exam?
Who is most likely to become the next president of the United States of America?	Who will be the next president of USA 2016?
How do I approach girl at the gym.?	How do I approach a girl in my gym without creeping her out?
What exactly is GOD?	What is God?
How can I come out of my comfort zone?	How can I push myself out of my comfort zone?
Why do some people still believe that the earth is flat?	Why do people still believe in flat earth?
When Should I start machine learning?	How do I start machine learning?
Can Goku pick up Thor's hammer?	How powerful would Goku be if he could pick up Mjolnir?
What should I do to learn Chinese?	I want learn Chinese?
Why did AT&T purchase Time Warner?	What is the rationale for AT&T to buy Time Warner?
How do I become a cricketer?	How can I became cricketer?
Can someone send me message in Instagram after they blocked me?	If someone blocked me on Instagram can they still receive my message?
What actually is the purpose of life?	What is the purpose of your life?
How can I get a beautiful woman even if I'm not a good looking guy?	How do I get a beautiful woman as an ugly guy?
What are the career options after obtaining an MSc in mathematics?	What options do I have after doing MSc mathematics if I don't want to go for teaching?
Why India is not boycotting Chinese products?	What if India bans import of all Chinese products?
How do you make a animated GIF?	How can I make an animated GIF?
Is it worth buying iphone 6s in India?	Is iPhone 6s is worth buying?
Where did you meet your spouse/lover?	How late in life did you meet your spouse?
How can I improve my English in all aspects?	How do I get my English better?
What are the best ways to sign off a letter?	What are some ways to sign off on a letter?
What are good safe Internet dating sites?	What dating sites are safe to go on?
Do you think Mark Zuckerberg will run the US presidential election of 2020?	Does Mark Zuckerberg intend to run for president in 2020?
What does Jimmy Wales think of Quora?	What Jimmy Wales think about Quora?
How I can speak English with fluency?	How do I speak English like celebrities?
Should Indians stop reading chetan bhagat books since they are pointless?	Why do Chetan Bhagat books even sell?
How do I get my English better?	How can I be a native English speaker?
What will be the result of banning 500 and 1000 rupees note in India?	Why is the government abruptly banning the 500 Rupees and the 1000 rupees currency notes in India?
What is Semantic Web?	What is the Semantic Web?
Does the universe have a limit to its expansion?	Could there be a size limit to the universe's expansion?
How can I travel time?	Is time travel theoretically possible?
Why do some Indian Muslims hate Narendra Modi?	Why does many Muslims hate Modi?
What would you say to someone who doesn't believe in mental illnesses?	What do you tell someone who does not believe in mental illness?
What are some reliable solution for gapped teeth?	What is the most reliable solution for gapped teeth?
What is the true meaning of love?	What exactly is love?
What is best college for EEE? IN hyderabad?	What is best colleges for EEE in Hyderabad?
Which is the best place to prepare for the IELTS?	What is the best way to prepare to IELTS?
Why is democracy the best form of government?	Why is democracy considered the best form of government?
What is quantum entanglement? What is mathematics behind quantum entanglement?	What is the mathematics behind quantum entanglement?
What are the best ideas for startups in india?	What are the best ideas for Startup in India?
What are the options for a H4 visa holder?	How can an H4 visa holder start working in USA?
Can you see who views your Instagram videos?	How do I see who viewed my instagram videos?
What is the best way to prepare for IELTS Exams?	How do I prepare IELTS exam?
Is playing sudoku good for you or your brain? How is playing it beneficial?	Is sudoku good for your brain?
How do you remove a US president from office?	Can the US president be removed from office?
How will it affect international students coming to the US for undergraduation now that Trump has become the President?	What is the election of President Donald Trump means for the US universities and international students applying to them?
Why India does not sign non proliferation treaty?	Why did India not sign the Non-proliferation treaty?
Why is Saltwater Taffy candy imported in Poland?	Why is Saltwater taffy candy imported in the Philippines?
How do you feel when you fall in love?	What is it like to fall in love?
What is Erwin Rommel known for?	What is Erwin Rommel famous for?
What are some good places to visit in Kerala on tour?	Is kerala a good place to visit?
Does long distance relationship works?	Does a long distance relationship really work?
How can you tell if a question was asked anonymously?	How can I tell if a question is one I asked anonymously?
How do I fix my sleeping schedule?	How do i fix a broken sleep schedule?
How we can learn C language easily? Any recommended book which I should go through?	How should I start to learn c language?
Which one is better for IES coaching between Made Easy and I.E.S. Master for Civil guys?	Which institute is best for IES coaching in civil engineering made easy or IES master's?
What is the real world example of waterfall model regarding software?	What is an example of a waterfall model in software engineering?
Was it stated in the Vedas that Hindus can't eat beef?	Did Hindus eat beef during vedic ages?
What are some of the most effective ways to fight depression?	What are the ways to fight mental depression?
Do you believe Donald Trump can make America great again?	Will Donald Trump actually make America great again?
How do I improve my English with creative writing skills?	How can I improve my English vocabulary and writing skills?
Is it possible to lose weight without doing exercise?	How can I loose weight naturally without doing exercise?
How do I make an Android app with Python? I want to make an app with artificial intelligence and an algorithm. Should I code it in Java or Python?	Can you code an Android app completely in python?
How can I score good marks in GRE?	How do I get good score in GRE?
How do I unlock carrier locked iphones?	How do I unlock a carrier locked iPhone?
How can I polish my English skills?	How can we polish English skills?
What are the top bengali novels?	What are the best Bengali books?
Is psychiatry a ruse?	Is psychiatry reliable?
Where can I watch movies online?	What is the best site to watch free movies online?
What are some habits of highly effective people?	What personal habits are typically associated with highly successful people?
How is cancer caused?	How cancer is caused?
Evolution: Why do people from different races(or region) have different facial features?	What causes the difference in the facial features of people of different races?
Does alcohol damage the brain even if taken with moderation?	Does drinking alcohol damage the brain?
Why is there separate emigration/immigration counter on Indian airports? Does every airport around the world has it?	Why are there separate emigration/immigration counters for diplomats/officials in Indian airports? Does every airport around the world has it?
What sides go well with shrimp scampi dish?	What are some of the best sides to serve with shrimp scampi?
Why do I like the scent of my sweat?	Why do I love the smell of sweat?
Do girls prefer bad boys or gentlemen?	How can girls prefer bad boys more than kind gentlemen?
How do I hide an app in MIUI 8?	How do I hide apps in miui 8.1?
What is/are your New Year resolutions for 2017?	What's your New Year 2017 resolution?
What is the best website Design company in Hyderabad?	Which is the best website designing service in Hyderabad?
Who are the Top Question Writers for 2016?	Who are the Top Question Writers of 2016?
Why can't schizophrenia be cured?	When will schizophrenia be cured?
Who is a best friend according to you? Why?	Who are your best friends and why?
How do I stop hating someone who hurt me?	How can I stop myself from hating someone that hurt me?
Which are the best seo company in delhi?	Which is the best SEO Company in Delhi NCR for SEO services?
What are your top 5 favorite books?	What are your top 10 favorite reads?
How do I deal with bullies?	What are some tips for dealing with bullies?
How I can speak English fluently?	How can I speak fluent English with accuracy?
How do I stop my Pit Bull/English Bulldog mix puppy from humping my furniture?	How do you stop your Boxer/Pitbull mix from humping your furniture?
How do you like G20 in Hangzhou?	How do you evaluate the G20 in Hangzhou China?
What effect will Brexit have on Ireland?	What would be the impact of Brexit on Republic of Ireland?
What are the innovative machine learning project ideas?	Machine Learning: What are some innovative machine learning project ideas ?
Is time only an illusion?	Why is time said to be an illusion?
Can we message anyone on Quora?	How do I send messeges on Quora?
Which is the best laptop under Rs 25000?	Which Laptop to buy under or upto Rs.25000?
Why there are few memes making fun of Narendra Modi?	What are some jokes /memes on Narendra Modi?
Which metal can be extracted only through electrolysis?	Which metals can be extracted through electrolysis?
Is it safe for a girl to travel in India?	How safe is it for a woman to travel alone in India?
What are the embarrassing moment of your life?	What is the best embarrassing moment of your life?
How would I know if I am in love?	How can you tell that a person is in love?
Why does Proverbs refer to wisdom as she?	Why does the Bible refer to wisdom as a she?
How would scrapping Rs 500 and 1000 notes affect the real estate sector?	What will be impact of 500 / 1000 notes ban on real estate?
How is IIT DHARWAD overall?	How is IIT Dharwad?
Which is the best business to do in India with less investment for youth?	What are good business ideas with low investment in India?
Which are the great examples of presence of mind?	What are some of the examples of presence of mind?
How can I improve my character and personality?	How do I improve personality?
How can we earn money online without investment?	How can we earn money online in india?
How do I find myself a job?	How can I find a job?
What is the correct way of using prepositions?	What's the right way to use prepositions?
What's the worst thing that could happen to you?	What's the worst thing that's ever happened to you?
How can can I delete my yahoo email account?	How do you permantley delete a Yahoo e-mail account?
What are the negative effects of masturbation for both men and women?	What are the negative side effects to musturbating?
How do I contact a good professional hacker?	How can I contact a genuine hacker?
Things: What do you think happens only in India?	Can you give some examples about "it happens only in India?"?
How will Trump's presidency affect prospective international students from Syria?	How will Donald Trump's presidency affect international students?
What were your experiences when you had "roll no.1"?	What were your experiences when you had roll no. 1?
Which is the best book on Mahabharata?	Which is the best English translation of Mahabharata?
What is a consultant and what do they do?	What do consultants do?
What are the best ways to lose weight fast?	How do I lose weight fast?
What are the best way to live for 100 years?	What would someone need to do to live to 100 years old?
Which are the best engineering fields?	Which is the best engineering field that I can choose?
How do you stop a German Shepherd/Golden Retriever mix puppy from chewing your shoes?	How do I stop a German Shepherd/Border Collie mix puppy from chewing my shoes?
How can the Israeli-Palestinian conflict end?	How will the Israeli-Palestinian conflict be resolved?
Which is the best laptop to purchase under INR 60K?	Which is the best laptop under 60k in india?
Between Trump and Clinton who will win US presidential election?	Who will win the 2016 United States Presidential election: Trump or Clinton?
Can hamsters eat honey? Why or why not?	Can hamsters eat peanuts? Are they harmful for them in any way?
Are Quora's rules posted somewhere?	What are Quora's rules?
What are the different parts of the circulatory system? What are their individual functions?	What are the three parts of the circulatory system and what do they do?
Why do so many people hate Hillary Clinton?	Why do people dislike Hillary Clinton? What has she done wrong?
What are different types of artificial satellites?	What are the different types of satellites?
How do I know if someone has blocked me on whattsapp?	How do you know if someone blocks you on Whatsapp?
How do I prepare for civil services?	How can I prepare for civil services exam?
What are the similarities between former president apj abdul kalam and swami vivekananda?	What are the similarities between A. P. J. Abdul Kalam and Swami Vivekananda?
How do I lose weight in a short time?	How can I lose my weight quickly ?
What's a remedy for snoring?	What is the remedy for extreme snoring?
What are some lesser-known facts about the India-Pakistan partition?	What are some lesser-known facts about India Pakistan's partition in 1947?
what causes hazel eyes?	What causes the development of hazel eyes?
How do I increase my height after 16?	How do I increase my height?
What is rigor mortis and why does it happen?	Why does the rigor mortis condition develop?
What does surgical strike mean?	What do you mean by surgical strike?
How do I learn how to draw?	How can I learn to draw?
What is effect of drinking coffee?	What's the effect of coffee?
How should I prepare for UPSC CSE 2017?	How do I prepare for UPSC 2017?
Social Etiquette: How long should I wait to text her?	How long should I wait to text him?
Can we ask questions in hindi?	Can I ask and get answers in Hindi?
What is a business process?	What's a business process?
How do I suck it up and lose weight?	How do I actually lose weight?
Which car company will win the race to have the first driver-less car for sale to consumers?	Which company will win the race for driver-less technology?
Can I see who viewed my videos on Instagram?	How can I see who viewed my video on Instagram but didn't like my video?
What are the American foods that Indians like?	What American foods do Indians like the most?
Why do people write "Drumpf" instead of Trump?	Where did the term "Drumpf" come from and what does it mean? Why do people write Drumpf instead of Trump?
What do you think of the teaser trailer of Ae Dil Hai Mushkil?	What are your expectations from the Movie Ae Dil Hai Mushkil after watching the Teaser?
How can I increase height after 22?	How girls can increase their height after 18 years?
What are some painfully sad alternative rock songs?	What are some good sad indie rock song?
How can I memorize quickly?	How can I quickly and easily memorize something?
What are the best websites for learning C language ?	What are the best websites for learning c language?
How do you know whether it's time to continue holding on or time to let go?	When is the right time to let someone go?
What is the best laptop under INR 20k?	What is the best laptop I could buy under 20k?
What is the toughest question ever asked in a interview?	What is best puzzling question ever asked in an interview?
Why am I unable to insert line-breaks in my Quora answer? Has the feature been removed?	How do I insert a single line break in my Quora answer?
How can I catch my husband cheating?	How do I know my spouse is cheating?
Who will win in America presidential elections in 2016?	Who will win the 2016 U.S. presidential election and why?
How can I get an ip from an email address?	How can I find the IP address of an email sender?
How do I stop procrastination?	How do you avoid procrastination?
What is the right procedure to make green tea?	How do you prepare green tea?
How do I learn Java from home?	How can I learn Java effectively at home? Some good websites?
Will I improve my memory power?	How do I my increase memory power?
When will Apple release the new MacBook Pro in 2016?	What upgrades are expected with the next MacBook Pro with retina display and is there a firm release date?
What should I do if I suffer back or neck pain?	What can I do if I have back pain?
What is the best way to self-teach scraping using Python?	Where can I learn web scraping using Python?
What are the disadvantages of banning 500 and 1000 rupee currency?	What are the disadvantages of banning 500 and 1000 rupees notes in India?
Will humans ever create energy from mass or vice versa?	Can we turn mass to energy and vice versa or is it theoretical only?
Is Illuminati real? Do they really own the world?	Are the Illumaniti real? Do they really own the world?
Is our PM Modi doing the correct thing with 500 and 1000 Rs notes?	What is your opinion on the discontinuation of 500 and 1000 rupee notes?
What is the importance for application of statistics in the development studies?	What is the importance for application of statistics in Development studies?
How can I change my profile picture on Quora?	How can I put up my profile photo on my Quora?
Can I make money online?	How can I earn money on internet?
Which are the famous tourist places in Chhattisgarh?	What are some of the best tourist places to visit in Chhattisgarh?
Does ubuntu 16.04 have lots of bugs?	What is bad about Ubuntu 16.04 LTS?
Why are there so many people saying Black lives matter? Shouldn't it be all lives matter?	Why does saying “All lives matter” make people call me racist?
What is a better Digital piano the Yamaha DGX 660 or the Casio CGP 700?	What's a better digital piano the Yamaha DGX 660 or the Casio CGP 700?
Why does a flame always point upwards?	Why does the flame of fire always go upward?
What are the significance of the critical heat flux?	What are the significance of critical heat flux?
When is the right time to quit our first job?	When is the right time to quit a job and start a business?
How do flies benefit the environment?	What do flies offer to the environment?
How did the name Quora come about?	Rory Cooper: Where did the name Quora come from?
How will the Indian economy benefit if GST is introduced?	Why is GST amendment a gamechanger for Indian Economy?
Why isn't there a white history month?	Why isn’t there a white history month?
What are some examples of nationalism in World War I?	What are some examples of nationalism in World War 1?
How do you get better grades?	How can one get better grades?
How can I increase traffic to my website using social media?	How do I increase organic traffic to website?
Which country has the highest internet speed in the world? How does it feel to use the internet in that country?	Which country has the best internet speed in the world?
Who are your favorite Quorans and please describe why?	Who's your favorite Quoran and why?
What are some interesting things to do when bored?	What do people do when they are really bored?
How can I know that I'm gay if I never had sex?	How can you be sure if you are gay if you've never dated (or had sex with) someone of the opposite sex?
What are all the best places to visit in goa?	What are the best places to visit in Goa in 2 days?
What online sources should I use to learn Esperanto?	What online resources are there to learn Esperanto?
Is Asperger's Syndrome Autism?	Is Asperger’s syndrome autism?
How do I prepare for the IAS exam at home?	How do prepare for IAS for a fresher?
What are the major reasons for the prevalance of child labour in various parts of the world?	What are the main reasons for the prevalance of child labour in various parts of world?
Why are majority of Indians poor in English?	Why aren't majority of north Indians learning English language?
What motivates you to write on Quora?	What motivates you to write for Quora?
Why am I so angry for no reason?	Why do I get angry for no reason?
How can I manage money?	How can I manage my money wisely?
What is BREXIT in detail and its impacts?	What is brexit and its implications?
What are the best Harry Potter books?	Which Harry Potter book was the best written?
What will really happen when the Yellowstone supervolcano erupts?	How extensive will the damage and loss of life be if the Yellowstone Supervolcano in Wyoming erupts? What places will it spread to?
What do you think about the book 48 laws of power?	What do you think about 48 laws of power book?
Can you really see who viewed your profile on Facebook?	How do I find out who has viewed my profile on Facebook?
What should I do to earn money online?	What are the various ways through which one can earn money online?
Why doesn't Hrithik Roshan work in Hollywood movies?	Why doesn't Hrithik Roshan get into Hollywood?
How do I stop addiction to porn?	How can I stop watching porn?
If North Korea declared war against the USA who would help them?	If North Korea were to declare war on Western countries who would ally with them/help them?
What is the use of demonetizing Rs. 500 & Rs. 1000 notes?	What do you think about ban on Rs. 500 and Rs. 1000 currency notes?
Is vegetarian good for health or non-vegetarian?	Which is good food for our health: vegetarian or non-vegetarian?
I am in first year. In which direction should I start my preparation to clear for IAS exam?	How do I start preparing for IAS exam? How much time should I spend on which subject?
What should I do to earn money online?	What are some easy ways to make done extra money online?
Is it possible for people to love 2 person at the same time?	Can you love two people at the same time?
Is new world order theory true?	How much real is the theory of the New World Order?
Can I open a bank account in the US banks if I am traveling there under a B1/B2 visa?	Will my b1/b2 visa cancel if I open an bank acccount in the us?
What should I do if I think I am pregnant and am only 15 years old?	What can I do if I am 15 years old and pregnant?
How do you delete your Yahoo email account?	What are some ways to delete my Yahoo Mail account?
What are Some mind blowing Electric Scooters That mos't people dont know?	What are the best electric scooters 2016?
How can I learn hacking?	How can I learn hacking for security purposes?
How do I trace a phone call?	How can a phone location be traced?
How dangerous is the dark web?	How dangerous is dark web?
What are the most embarassing moment in life?	What is the most embarrassed you have ever felt in your life?
How true is this quote about India said by Lord Macaulay to the British Parliament?	Is the statement made by Lord Macaulay about India in the 1835 parliament true?
How to be satisfied with my life? (Please don't mark this Qn as needing improvement. Seriously)	How can I be satisfied with my life?
What are the best digital marketing courses for mid-senior level marketing managers?	Which is the best digital marketing institute for professionals in India?
How long would the Earth follow its orbit around the Sun if the Sun were to disappear?	Will earth continue to revolve around sun for 8 minutes if the sun happens to disappear suddenly?
What happens when best friends fall in love?	What is fall in love with your best friend?
How will the scrapping of Rs 500 and Rs 1000 notes help in reducing black money and corruption?	How would changing the 500 and 1000 currency notes help indian government in dealing with corruption?
Which are some of the best movies of 2016?	Which is the best movie of year 2016?
How do I gain healthy weight without eating junk?	How can I gain weight but also eat healthy?
How do I use AngularJS with bootstrap?	What's the best way to integrate AngularJS with Bootstrap?
Are we going to war with Russia?	What is the likelihood of war with Russia?
What is the best language in the world and why?	What´s ¨the best¨ language in the world & why?
What is best modern programming language?	What is the best modern programming language?
Which is the best gift for wife on Karva Chauth?	What is the best gift for wife on Karva Chauth?
What is the most useful app that you have downloaded on your phone and why?	What is the most used app in your phone?
How does the "im not a robot" captcha work?	How does the "I am not a robot" CAPTCHA work?
How can I learn faster?	How should I learn faster?
I'm gay and want to come out to my parents. How should I do that?	How do I come out to my friends?
What are the best ways to get rid of boredom?	Boredom is killing me. How do I get rid of it?
What should be the strategy to prepare for ugc net computer science?	What are the best ways to prepare for UGC NET (computer science)?
How can I lose weight quickly in 2 weeks?	How do I lose weight fast by perfect weight Loss plan?
Why do ideas appear easier while taking a shower?	Why do ideas come to me so easily when I am taking a shower?
What are the differences between Chinese culture and western culture?	What are the major differences between Chinese culture and Western cultures?
What do you think about banning 500 and 1000 rupee notes in India?	What do you think of the decision by the Indian government to demonetize 500 and 1000 rupee notes?
Get cheAP flight TICKET in India?	Where can I buy cheap flight tickets IN INDIA?
What are the best courses to pursue along with CA?	What is the best combination of courses I can take up along with CA to enhance my career?
What is the future business for india?	What is the future business in India?
Is it safe to travel in India as a female?	Is India safe enough for a female traveller?
How do you prepare for an IBPS Po interview?	How shall I prepare for IBPS PO 2016 interview?
Should Edward Snowden be considered a hero?	Do you consider Edward Snowden a hero for freedom?
How hard is it to get into UPT for the Air Force?	How hard would it be to get into the Air Force UPT?
Who discovered the modern periodic table?	Who invented the modern periodic table?
What is STREAM?	What is a stream?
How do I learn quickly?	What is the fastest way to learn something?
Is the Indian currency has GPS nano chip?	Is it real that new currency note in India will have GPS chips?
How can one become a successful entrepreneur?	How I become a good entrepreneur?
How can I earn 2 lakh rupees per month?	How can I earn Rupees 2 Lakhs every month in new Delhi?
What makes a person a good problem solver?	What makes you an insightful problem solver?
How do I switch from Software Testing to Business Analyst role?	How do I become business analyst with 2 years of experience in software testing?
What are some of the best YouTube videos everyone should watch?	What are the best videos you have watched on YouTube?
What are some mind-blowing safe wallets that exist that most people don't know about?	What are some mind-blowing Wallets that most people should have?
What’s the opinion on Galaxy S7 Edge?	What is your review of the Samung Galaxy S7 Edge?
How do I change my password on Google?	How do I change my Google password?
What are some good sites for downloading English songs?	What are the best websites to dowload english songs?
How do you delete a question on Quora?	How do you delete a question from Quora?
What is website that mechanical engineering students should visit?	Which is the best website for mechanical engineering students?
What are some good latest Bollywood songs?	What are the best latest Bollywood songs?
How can I understand humans?	How do I understand human nature?
Is the caste based reservation good for our society?	Is reservation good for india? Doesn't it do injustice with generals?
How do I upload my profile picture on Quora?	How can I change my profile pic on Quora?
How do you start a pharmaceutical company?	How can you start a pharmaceutical company?
Have atheists been able to prove scientifically and undoubtedly that God doesn't exist or is it just an assumption they make?	Asked by an agnostic. Can atheists prove that God doesn't exist?
Does age difference matter in love?	Does a difference in age matter in love?
How are the Indians affected if Donald Trump wins the presidential election in the US?	What might be the implications and repercussions on India if Donald Trump wins US Presidential elections?
What is the weirdest thing you have seen some one do?	What is the weirdest thing you have seen someone do?
What do you think of the Government's move of banning old Rs. 500 & Rs. 1000 notes?	What do you think of PM's decision on the banning of 500 and 100 rupee notes?
Could dark matter fill 'empty' space and be displaced by matter? Could the Milky Way's halo be the state of displacement of the dark matter?	Is curved spacetime the state of displacement of the strongly interacting dark matter?
Would you want to learn Chinese?	Does anybody want to learn Chinese?
What are the main industries available in Chhattisgarh?	What are the main industries are available in Chhattisgarh?
What are rent averages in New York City by borough as of 2014?	What are the rent averages in New York City by borough as of 2014?
Donald Trump: Would you be a good president?	Why will Donald Trump be a good president?
Which is the good way to get an Australian Skilled-Independent visa?	Which is the good way to get an Australian Skilled Independent visa?
Are there any other good communities like Quora?	Is there any other website similar to Quora?
what does it feel like to go from attractive to unattractive?	How does it feel to go from physically attractive to unattractive?
When is a proper 3DS emulator going to be launched?	Where do I find 3ds emulator for android?
If you follow someone on Instagram can they see how many times you have viewed their profile?	Is there a way to see who viewed my Instagram page?
What do we have to do in life?	What do we have to do in our life?
What is your reaction to Bob Dylan winning the 2016 Nobel prize for Literature?	Do you find it funny that Bob Dylan won the Noble Prize for Literature?
I'm 18. How can I make money online?	How can I earn money part time online?
How does it feel to have bipolar disorder?	What is it like to be a loner and have bipolar disorder?
Can a boy and girl remain just as best friends?	Can girl and a boy be best friends?
What are some examples of the 1st law of motion?	What are some examples of Newton's 1st law?
Why do most Asians (including Indians) have small penises?	Do Asian men have small penises?
Who won the 2nd U.S. Presidential Debate?	Who won the second presidential debate between Trump and Hilary?
Which is the best coaching institute for IIT JAM physics in Delhi?	What is the best coaching center in Delhi for IIT JAM physics?
How can I recover my Gmail forgot my password and recovery no?	How can I reset my Gmail password without knowing my personal information and recovery email id?
How do turnaround time and response time differ?	What are turnaround time and response time?
What is the best laptop to buy under 25000INR?	What is the best laptop to buy in the range of INR 20000-25000?
How can the electoral college be abolished?	Should we abolish the electoral college?
Is there is any connection of our dreams to our lives?	Are our dream based on our day to day lives?
Why do so many people dislike Hillary Clinton?	Why do people hate Hilary Clinton?
How can I be a badass like harvey specter?	How do I become more like Harvey Specter?
Why MS Dhoni leave captaincy of ODI & T-20?	Why MS Dhoni has quit the captaincy from limited overs?
How do I know she is into me?	How would I know if she really likes me?
How do I check whether a word document is typed or copied?	How do I check whether a document is typed manually or hot-key is used?
What are some unusual animals?	What are some cool and unusual animals?
How do I crack SSC CGL 2016?	How do I crack SSC CGL?
When does Quora update the stats page for each user?	How often does the Quora Stats on my profile update?
What are some epic tweets of all time?	What are some epic tweets?
What can I do to make car rides more comfortable for my cat?	How can I keep my cat comfortable on a long car ride?
How do I concentrate in a better way on studies?	How do I concentrate on my studies?
What is your favorite poem in your language?	What is your favorite (short) poem in your native language?
How can I use Google Voice on my Android phone?	How do you use the Google Voice Search function on an Android phone?
I am 22 years old planning to commit suicide. What is easiest way?	I want to commit suicide. What is the easiest way?
What are the benefits of PPF account in India?	How does PPF works?
How did Donald Trump win despite projections that he would fail?	Why did Donald Trump win the 2016 American election?
Can someone increase their height after 25 years?	Can I increase my height after 20 ? How?
Will win the 2016 presidential race?	Who do you think is going to win the presidential elections and why?
Which is the best movie of year 2016?	Which is the best movie of 2016?
Which programming language is the most used nowadays?	Which is the most used and most popular computer programming language in every field?
What are the lok adalat?	What is lok adalat?
Why should I vote for Hillary instead of why I shouldn't vote for Trump?	Why should I vote for Hillary Clinton and not Trump?
What are the two best foods?	What's the best food?
How imminent is World War three?	Is World War 3 coming?
Why do so many people ask questions on Quora that can be found in a Google search?	Why are there so many people using Quora to answer questions that can easily be found with a simple Google search?
How can I manage my anger?	How can we control anger?
What are the common mistakes made at a job interview?	What are some of the most common mistakes people make in job interviews?
Should reservations be abolished?	Should reservations be abolished in INDIA?
How should I earn money online working from home?	How can I earn money online from home only?
What is the best gaming graphics card for around 400 euros?	What is the best graphics card for around 400 euros?
What should I expect as a marketing intern?	What is expected of a marketing intern?
What must I do to improve my English skills?	I want to improve my English skill but I don't know how. What can I do?
What is the best WordPress calendar plugin?	What is the best Wordpress Events calendar plugin?
How long should I boil a 4 oz lobster tail?	How long should I boil a lobster tail?
Will win the 2016 presidential race?	Who is going to win the 2016 presidential election?
What are characteristics of a German Shepherd/Husky mix?	What are the traits of a German Shepherd/Husky mix?
What is the best first car?	What is the best car for a teenager?
How can I make website designer and change his line I donig email marketing?	How can I make website designer and change his line I doing email marketing?
How was the KVPY 2016 SA paper? What is the expected cutoff?	What is the KVPY SA expected cut off for 2016?
What are the resolutions you are going to take for the upcoming New year 2017?	What will be your New Year's resolution for 2017?
Why do you feel relaxed and happy when drinking alcohol?	Why do we feel good after drinking alcohol?
How do I really make money online?	What are the best ways to make money online?
What are some good books in Spanish?	What are some good Spanish books?
What was the worst moment of your life and where were you when you lived through it?	What has been the worst moment in your life so far?
How could I be fluent in English?	How can I speak fluent english with confidence?
What will be the long term effect of removing 500 and 1000 currency notes?	What effect will the rupee 500 and 1000 currency note ban have on the Indian economy?
What are the best places to hangout in the weekend in Pune?	What are the best places to hangout in Pune?
Why does Jewish law forbid tattoos?	Why aren't Jewish People allowed to get Tattoos?
What do you think of abolishing 500 and 1000 Rupee Currency notes by the Indian Government?	What is Balaji Viswanathan's take on 500 & 1000 rupees currency notes ban in India?
Where can I view the answers I have upvoted on Quora?	How can I view a list of answers that I upvoted on Quora?
How can I increase my penis?	How can you increase girth and length?
How do I need to prepare for campus interviews?	How can I prepare for interview?
How can I fly?	How do I fly?
How can I hack the others Facebook account?	Can one hack Facebook with software?
Why can't we use ocean water through desalination to provide water to drought hit areas in India?	Why can't desalination solve the drinking water problem for India?
Which dog should I get as a pet in India?	I want to buy a pet dog in India. Which one should I buy?
What's the most unusual dream you've ever had?	What's the weirdest dream you've ever had that you can remember?
What's the best animated anime?	What are some of the best animated movies?
What are some good things about Donald Trump?	What are some good things about Trump?
Can I get pregnant a week after my cycle?	Is it possible to get pregnant if a couple is trying just 4 days before her menstrual cycle?
Why is the sky blue color?	Why is the sky blue on Earth?
What is the best way to learn Linux networking concepts and practices?	How do I learn networking with linux?
What are some clinical signs of diabetes?	What are the first sighns of diabetes?
What are some reasons people don't use turn signals when driving?	Why don't people use turn signals?
Is it true that the new 500/- & 2000/- notes have tracker chips in them?	Is it true that the new 2000 rupees notes have a GPS chips?
What's the story behind the american flag?	How is the story behind your country's national flag?
Which YouTube channel has the most subscribers?	Which channel is currently the most subscribed channel from YouTube?
How can a boy notice if a girl likes him?	How can a boy tell if a girl likes him?
What is in simple words a p-value?	What is a p-value?
What does surgical strike means?	What is meant by surgical strikes?
What is homeopathy?	What is meant by homeopathy?
What are the national festivals of India? Why are they celebrated?	What are some national festivals of India? How are they celebrated?
How do you bounce back after hitting rock bottom?	How can we bounce back from failure?
Who will be win in USA: hillary or trump?	Who will win the election? Donald Trump or Hillary Clinton?
How can I change my life completely within 30 days?	How can I change my life completely in the next 30 days?
Why is India very bad at Olympics and soccer despite a large population?	Why didn't India get medals in the Olympics in spite of their large population?
How does the HP OfficeJet 4620 Airprint compare to the HP DesignJet Z3200 24-in PostScript Photo Printer?	How does the HP OfficeJet 4620 Airprint compare to the HP LaserJet Pro P1102w Printer?
Where can I find a DJ for a pub in Sydney?	Where can I find DJs for a club in Sydney?
What are the types of energy?	What are the different types of energy? How are they used?
What can one do to control his/her anger?	How can someone control their anger?
Does life get harder as you get older?	Does life get easier or harder as you get older?
In what ways Linux is better than Windows?	Why is Linux better than Windows for servers?
What is the best way to deal with bad people?	How can we deal with bad people?
Why is there a tab on expenditure by owners in ISL and IPL?	Is there a tab on expenditure by owners in BPL and La Liga like there is in ISL?
Should the uniform civil code be implemented in our country?	Are there any downsides to implementation of uniform civil code in India?
What does it take to become a politician?	What does it take to become a good politician?
How instant is an instant death?	How instant is instant death?
Who will win the US presidential elections 2016: Hillary Clinton or Donald Trump?	Who will be win in USA: hillary or trump?
Why is Saltwater taffy candy imported in Switzerland?	Why is Saltwater Taffy candy imported in Italy?
Which is the best RO water purifier in India?	What is the best water purifier available in India?
What is the oxidation number of aluminum? How is this determined?	What is the oxidation number for aluminum? How is this determined?
How long can a question be on Quora?	How long should a question on Quora be?
Do people still read blogs and blogspot?	Do people still read blogs?
What are the foods with highest level of antioxidants?	What foods have the most antioxidants?
Which is the best c programming book for a beginner?	Which is the best book for c programming?
What is the smell in the air right after a rain?	What really creates the smell of rain?
How is Christmas celebrated in different parts of the world?	How is Christmas celebrated across the world?
How do I get a girlfriend in india in 2016?	How do I get a girlfriend in India?
What's the problem with India?	What are the problems of India?
Is there life after death?	What does life after death look like?
How can I overcome boredom?	How did you beat boredom?
Which programming language should I learn if I want to develop gaming apps?	What programming languages should I learn for game development?
How do I get rid of acne and its spots?	How can I get rid from my acnes?
What is the most epic animated movie ever and why?	Which are the most epic animated movies?
How is the scrapping of 500 and 1000 rupees note affect Swiss account holders?	What will happen to corruption money deposited by Indian politicians in Swiss bank after banning 500 and 1000 rupees notes?
What are some dumb questions ever asked on Quora?	What are the worst stupidest questions asked on Quora?
Where does I lodge a complaint against a Rajasthan roadways bus driver?	Where should I lodge a complaint against a Rajasthan roadways bus driver?
What is the easiest way to make a little money online?	What are the best ways to make money online?
Why are Republicans against Climate Change evidence?	Why do conservatives believe that climate change does not exist?
How do you describe soul?	How would you describe a soul?
What is best way to learn English speaking?	How can I get fluency in English speaking?
Which are the best NITs in India?	Which is the best NIT in India?
How can I treat a dry throat and a runny nose?	What causes a dry throat and a runny nose? How should it be treated?
How many girls loose virginity before marriage?	How many girls loose their virginity before marriage?
Is there any sort of root that I can use on my LG Phoenix 2?	How in the hell do I get this Android 6.0 LG Phoenix 2 (LG-k371) root access?
What is the best treatment for controlling anger?	What are some good techniques for controlling your anger?
What will be the effect of Donald Trump becoming the president of US on India?	How will Trump becoming President affect India?
What is the scope of MIS course in US in terms of package/jobs?	What is the scope of MIS in the US? Does it have good job opportunities?
How do I find my gmail password?	How do I get password of Gmail account?
Who created the Preamble of India? What is its importance?	What is the significance of the preamble to the Constitution of India?
How do I achieve my dreams gaol?	How do I achieve my dreams?
How can Mendel's three Laws of Heredity be explained? What are some examples?	How can Mendel's three Laws of Heredity be explained?
Is it possible for cats to have hemorrhoids? How can you treat it?	How can you treat cat hemorrhoids?
What is your skincare routine?	Can you tell me about your skincare routine?
What is the best way to make money on Quora?	How people make money by answering questions in Qoura?
What does the ISIS want?	What does ISIS want to accomplish?
Why do girls wear revealing clothes and then complain when men look at them?	Why do women wear revealing clothes and later complain about getting lot of attention?
What is the concept of Cisco GPL 2016?	What is the concept of Cisco GPL 2016 tool?
Has Wicca/witchcraft/witch magic been scientifically tested?	Has witch magic been scientifically tested?
What are the best ways to get rid of phone addiction?	How should I get rid of smartphone addiction?
What is the best gift one can give to their parents?	What is the best gift we can give to our parents?
How is the mass of the electron calculated?	How is the mass of an electron determined?
What is the best way to get free traffic to my website?	How can I increase the traffic on my website?
How do I gain emotional intelligence and control my emotions?	Does our mind control our emotions?
What is purpose of life?	What's the purpose of a human life?
What are some of the best smartphones technology gadgets?	Which are the best and the most useful smart phone gadgets?
How do you know whether it's time to continue holding on or time to let go?	How do you know it’s time to let someone go?
When will there be world peace?	Can there ever be world peace?
What are some common insecurities women have globally?	What are some common insecurities that women have?
What does sex feel like for girls?	What does sex feel like for women?
Who is eklavya?	Who is the eklavya?
Who do you think are the most impressive people ever?	Who are some of the most impressive people?
Did the Philadelphia Experiment actually happen?	Did the Philadelphia Experiment happen?
How can we improve India's current education system?	How can we change India's education system?
Why did Sanskrit fail to become a suitable language for computers?	Sanskrit is the most suitable language for computer software. Why did a report like this come in Forbes magazine July 1987?
Where can I get a legit hacker?	Where can I hire a serious hacker?
What reasons does India have to worry about cpec?	Why India is against CPEC?
How can Hillary Clinton lose the election?	Is Hillary Clinton going to win the election?
What are the solutions on water pollution?	What are possible solutions to water pollution?
What benefits can surveillance give to ware houses?	What benefits can surveillance give to warehouses?
Is there any discount or different fee structure for a candidate who belongs to different categories at the NIFT (BDes.)?	Is there any discount or different fee structure for candidate who belongs to different categories in NIFT (B.Des)?
How do I block my number when making a call on my cell phone?	What is the best way to block a number when calling someone?
What are the safety precautions on handling shotguns proposed by the NRA in Maine?	What are the safety precautions on handling shotguns proposed by the NRA in New Jersey?
How do I catch my cheating spouse?	How do I catch a cheating spouse?
How do satellites stay in orbits and avoid each other?	Why don't satellites crash into each other?
What is the meaning of surgical strike?	What is the surgical strike?
What is this song that plays in the beginning of this video?	What is the song at the beginning of this video?
How can I figure out what I'm good at?	What am I good at?
How fast does sperm shoot out of a penis?	How fast does sperm come out of a penis?
How do I start exploring the Deep Web?	What is a deep web?
What security features are available in new 500 and 2000 rs note?	Is there really a chip embedded in the new Rupees 2000 note?
How does love differ from lust?	How do you know if it is love or lust?
How can green tea help you reduce belly fat?	What are the ways to drink green tea for weight loss?
What does every start up need?	What expertise does every start-up need?
What should I do if Quora marks my question as "Needs Improvement"?	Why does Quora mark questions as "Needs Improvement", even if the questions are complete?
Which books are good for improving English?	What are some good books or resources to improve English?
What are the key challenges and risks Google currently faces?	What challenges is Google facing?
What does the Russian population think of Vladimir Putin?	What do Russians who live in Russia think of Vladimir Putin?
What do Trump supporters think about his recent cabinet appointments?	What do Trump supporters think of Trump's prospective cabinet?
What are some good online astrology learning sources?	What are some good resources to learn Astrology online?
Where can I find a pdf file of elementary principles of chemical processes 4th edition?	Where can I find a torrent/PDF of Elementary Principles of Chemical Processes 4th edition?
How do I crack SSC CGL 2016?	How can you crack SSC CGL 2016?
What were the budgets per episode for each successive season of Breaking Bad?	How much does it cost (on average) to produce an episode of Breaking Bad?
Can science prove spirituality?	Is there any reasonable and logical relation between science and spirituality?
What are the diffrenece between CV and resume?	What is the difference between a CV nd a resume?
What are the detailed calculation steps involved in duckworth-lewis method?	How do I calculate runs using the Duckworth-Lewis method?
Personal trainer certification?	Which are some personal trainer certifications?
Which is best coaching institute for CAT in Lucknow?	Which is the best coaching institute for cat preparation in Lucknow?
Can we fall out of love?	How do I fall out of love with someone?
What si it really like to have a child?	What is it like to have a child?
Will the white race really eventually disappear?	Is the white race dying out?
How close are we to a real Iron Man suit?	How close is our technology/science to build Iron Man (with Jarvis) kind of suits?
Who was Aristotle? What were some of his teachings and beliefs?	What were the beliefs of Aristotle?
What is your review of Vidyalankar Institute of Technology?	What are some reviews on Vidyalankar Institute of Technology?
Who is the most followed person on Quora?	Who are the most followed people on Quora? Why do they have so many followers?
What are great start up ideas?	What is the best start up idea?
What is the scope for mechanical engineers?	What is the scope of Mechanical Engineering?
Which is the best smartphone to buy for 15000 INR?	Which is the best smartphone in India under Rs 15000?
Why should chemical equations be balanced?	Why should a chemical equation be balanced?
Did the Russians use trench dogs during WW1?	During WW1 did the Russians use dogs?
Is Joaquin Phoenix a good actor?	What makes Joaquin Phoenix a good actor?
What is it that nobody tells you about having children?	What do people not tell you about having kids?
Are the jobs that president-elect Donald Trump saved in Indiana at the carrier plant Union or non-union?	Are the jobs saved in Indiana at Carrier union jobs or non-union?
Who is the richest filmmaker in the world?	Who is the richest filmmaker who has ever lived?
How can someone be an excellent teacher?	How I become a good teacher?
What happened to Hermione's parents after the fall of Voldemort?	What happens to Hermione's parents after the battle is over? Do they regain their memories?
What do you think about the ban on 500 and 1000 denomination notes in India?	What do you think about ban on Rs. 500 and Rs. 1000 currency notes?
Why did Quora switch fonts?	Why has the font of Quora changed?
How can I recover my hacked Instagram account?	What's the best way to hack an instagram account?
Is it possible to get abs in a week?	How can I get abs in a week?
How do you reset your iPhone without the passcode?	How do I reset iPhone without passcode or fingerprint?
Has anyone successfully used the "no-contact rule" to get an ex back?	Has anyone ever used 'no contact' rule and has successfully got back an ex during a long distance relationship?
Why did Boeing not transform their 747 into a double decker aircraft?	Why doesn't Boeing build a fully double-decker aircraft?
How is life of IIT?	What is the life at IIT.?
Why courtesy is important in customer service?	Why is courtesy important in customer service?
How does it feel to be a successful daughter/son?	How does it feel to have a successful son/daughter?
What is Uber's business model?	What is business model of uber?
Robert Frost: Was the moon landing a hoax?	Is it true that the moon landing never happened?
Is IPL really beneficial to India?	Is the IPL really a benefit to India?
Who was Alexander Graham Bell?	Who is Alexander Graham Bell?
Does hair that is pull out of follicule grow back?	Does pulled out hair grow back on head?
How shall I do marketing?	How do I marketing?
Does Donald Trump still have a chance to become President of the United States?	Does Donald Trump have any chance of winning the forthcoming election?
How do I get into an Ivy League school as a foreigner?	How can I go to an Ivy League school?
How do I know someone has feelings for me or not?	How do I know if she has feelings for me?
My question was marked as needing improvement! What does it mean? How do you mark other questions for improvement?	Why is my question marked as needing improvement when it is perfectly clear and well written?
Is there any reason to love someone?	What are reasons that you love someone?
What are the best C++ books?	How can I master C++ and what is the best book/s for it?
How do you get rid of acne scars on your chest?	How do I get rid of pimples on my face?
How do I prepare for my first MUN?	How should I prepare for a MUN if it's my first time?
How do I flow traffic to my website?	How can I increase the traffic to my website?
Why do people procrastinate? Is there any relation between procrastination and the quick fix society?	Is there a relation between procrastination and the quick fix society?
What are the best places to visit in Bangalore?	Which is the best place to see in Bangalore?
Will this demonetisation cause any good to India?	Demonetisation is good for county like India or not?
How do I enhance my English writing skills?	How do I improve my English writing ability?
What is heterosexual?	What is a heterosexual?
What's the best introductory book on topology?	What is a good beginners book on topology?
Will Hillary Clinton cause WWIII by going to war with Syria?	Do you realize if Clinton wins we will go to war with Russia? She will be the cause of ww3?
How do I log out from Quora website?	How do I logout from Quora app?
Is secularism dead in Turkey?	Is secularism in Turkey in danger?
How can you lose weight quickly?	What is the fastest way to lose weight successfully?
What will Hillary Clinton do about climate change?	What are Hillary Clinton and Tim Kaine doing about global warming?
What is the difference between mind and thought?	What's the difference between mind and thought?
Which phone is best under 15k?	Which is the best phone to buy within Rs.15000?
How do you download YouTube videos to your computer?	What are some ways of downloading YouTube videos on my computer?
What are all the properties of acids?	What are the properties of acids?
How do I earn money from the Internet?	How does one earn money online without an investment from home?
Why do Tamilians hate Srilankans?	Why do even the rich Tamilians hate Brahmins?
Why do some people believe everything has to happen for a reason?	Do you believe that everything happens for a reason?
What are some good Picnic spots near Pune?	Which is the best picnic spot in pune?
How can I earn money using YouTube?	How can I make money fast from Youtube?
What does the song Hotel California mean to you?	What is your personal interpretation of the song Hotel California?
How are they going to finish the new Star Wars trilogy without Carrie Fisher?	How will Carrie Fisher's death affect the making of the Star Wars movies?
How can I learn the whole English grammar?	What can I do to improve my English Grammar?
Do the Chinese and Japanese actually hate each other?	Do the Japanese and Chinese hate each other?
What are the post study work options in the UK for an undergraduate international student?	Will UK Open the Post Study visa for International Students?
What happens when you die?	What will happen after I die?
Why is Saltwater taffy candy imported in the Philippines?	Why is saltwater taffy candy imported in Brazil?
Which bank provides best internet banking facility in India?	Which bank in India has the best internet banking experience?
How much time (maximum) does Accenture take to give joining after final selection?	How much time does accenture india take to give offer and joining letter after final selection?
For you what is the meaning of life?	What the meaning of this all life?
What is pokémon?	What is a Pokémon?
How long does meth stay in a persons blood?	How long does it take for meth to not show in a UA if smoked?
How is your life now?	How is your life right now?
How does Alpha Force Testo work?	How Alpha Force Testo works?
How can I upload my profile picture in Quora?	How do I change profile picture in Quora?
How do I kiss my boyfriend?	When should I kiss my boyfriend?
What will happen if Donald Trump gets elected?	What will happen to the economy as a whole if Donald Trump wins the presidential election?
What do colors come from?	Where does color come from?
How do I calculate market size for my startup?	How to calculate Market size?
Why are ALL my questions being marked as needing improvement?	Why does Quora mark all my questions as needing clarification and all answers too?
Daniel Ek: When an we expect Spotify in India?	Why doesn't Spotify work in India?
How do I set up a VPN?	How do you set up a VPN?
Where can I get very preventive pest control services in Sydney?	Where can I get commercial pest control service in Sydney?
What is the reason behind appointing VIjay Rupani as a Gujarat CM?	What is the reason behind appointing vijay rupani as Gujarat CM?
What are the best email extractors?	Which is the best email extractor?
How can I buy a Lamborghini?	How do you get a Lamborghini?
Which are the famous tourist places in Chhattisgarh?	Where are the foremost tourist places in Chhattisgarh?
Is there a healthy and safe way to lose about 20 pounds in a month and keep it off?	How can I lose 25 pounds in one month in a safe way?
How do I become the best boyfriend a girl can ever get?	How can I be the best boyfriend ever?
What is the margin for coffee beans from farmer to roasters?	What is the margin on coffee beans from direct farmers to roasters?
What's it like to live in Iran?	What is it like to live in Iran?
How do I use my picture as my profile picture on Quora?	How do I change profile picture in Quora?
Why have the Jews killed Christ twice?	Why did the Jews kill Christ twice?
How can I read someone whatsapp messages on my computer?	How can I read someone else's WhatsApp messages without using his/her phone?
Who is Alchemy in The Flash?	Who do you think "Alchemy" is in the TV-series The Flash?
Am I the only one that thinks Mike Pence is good looking?	Am I the only one impressed by Mike Pence so far?
How can I really start losing weight?	How should I lose weight?
Does Hillary Clinton view herself as a liberal Democrat?	Is Hillary Clinton liberal?
What are the safety precautions on handling shotguns proposed by the NRA in New Hampshire?	What are the safety precautions on handling shotguns proposed by the NRA in Pennsylvania?
Where and how can I publish my poems?	How do I publish my poems?
What are symptoms of social anxiety?	How can you tell if you have anxiety?
What is the difference between an orbit and an orbital?	What is difference between orbits and orbitals?
Where can I find/employ a real hacker?	How do I hire a hacker?
What is the moral in the "Little Red Riding Hood"? What is the significance of its message?	What does the story "Little Red Riding Hood" teach us?
Is it possible to get pregnant before period or after period ends?	Is it possible to get pregnant before your regular period?
What is financial instrument?	What are financial instruments?
How is this online course on digital marketing?	Will digital marketing a good course to learn?
Why do so many people ask questions on Quora that can be found in a Google search?	Why should we use Quora when we can Google everything?
What is the possibility of time travel becoming a reality?	Is time travel still theorized as being possible?
Why was Ed Esping's Quora account banned?	Why was Armin Hanik's Quora account banned?
How do I find a suitable PhD advisor?	How should I find a good PhD supervisor?
What is the electoral college?	What is the electoral college(USA)?
What are the purposes of different types of organisations?	The purpose of different types of organizations?
What is the best coaching institute for gmat in Delhi?	What are best and reliable institutes for gmat in Delhi-NCR?
I forgot my Facebook password and email password. How can I log into Facebook?	How do I recover my Facebook email and password?
How do i lose weight?	What is the fastest possible way to lose weight?
What are some great tinder hacks?	What are the best Tinder hacks?
Why do we worship Shivling?	Why do we worship the linga of Lord Shiva?
How can I earn money online without investing? Are there some authentic jobs online?	How can we earn money online without any or little investment?
What are some everyday examples of chemical reactions?	What are some everyday chemical reactions?
What are the health benefits of a paleo diet?	What are some of the health benefits of a paleo diet?
How do I contact someone on Quora?	How do I personal message on Quora?
Do carbon fiber planes suffer structural damage from constant expansion and contraction like aluminum planes do?	In changing a structural member from aluminum to carbon fibre what designs consideration s coulb be made?
How does Trump believe that Philippine President Rodrigo Duterte calling Obama "son of bitch" is a symbol of respect to the U.S. by the Philippines?	Why did the Philippine president Rodrigo Duterte call Barack Obama a "son of a bitch"?
What are the active ingredients of frontline plus?	What are the active ingredients in Frontline?
Can a student pursuing B.tech in EC work in CERN?	Can a student pursuing B.tech EC work in CERN?
What are the most secretive places on earth?	What's the most secretive place on earth?
How do I overcome the feeling of loneliness?	How can I overcome my feeling of loneliness?
What is the best stream for a M.Tech in Civil Engineering?	What is the best stream for Mtech in civil engineering?
Is President Obama really a Muslim or is that all politics?	Is President Obama a Muslim?
How much salary is for income tax officer?	What is the salary of an income tax officer?
North Korea: Is Kim Jong Un the only fat person in North Korea? While everybody is starving..	Is Kim Jong-un the only fat person in North Korea?
What are some very good and real touching romantic novels?	What are some good romantic novels?
How can I become more interesting?	How can someone be more interesting?
How would you rate the movie Rogue One?	What did you think of Rogue One?
Why was Cyrus Mistry removed as the chairman of Tata Sons?	Why was Cyrus Mistry sacked by Ratan Tata from Tata Sons?
How would scrapping Rs 500 and 1000 notes affect the real estate sector?	How will the decision of scrapping INR 500 and INR 1000 notes affect real estate prices?
What is difference between American English and British English?	What are the differences between British English and US English?
What’s it like working at Goldman Sachs?	What does it feels like to work for Goldman Sachs?
Why do most Web Developers use Apple laptops?	Why do most developers use an Apple Macbook as their development machine?
How do you improve education system in the US?	What do you think we could do to best improve the US education system?
How is Quora changing the world?	How can Quora change the world?
What do you think of Mr. Modi's decision to discontinue Rs 500 and 1000 currencies as of midnight November 8th?	Is Modi's decision on demonetization of 500 and 1000 notes welcomed by public?
Who is likely to become the next President of India?	Who can become the next President of India and why?
Why are all my questions immediately being marked as needing improvement?	Why do my dank questions keep being marked as need improvement?
What are your top ten favorite novels of all time?	Which are the ten all time favorite novels?
How do I know that my spouse is cheating on me?	How can I find out if my wife is cheating on me?
What is the key to success in life?	What are the keys to a successful life?
How did Donald Trump win the 2016 US Presidential Election?	How did Donald Trump win despite projections that he would fail?
How can I hack the mobile phones of my friends?	How can we hack a phone?
Is there anyway to retrieve my deleted emails from my Gmail account?	How can I recover my emails from my Gmail account?
How can I learn oral English well?	How can I learn English well？?
What does the WPS button on a router do?	What is the WPS button on a router for and what does it do?
What are the advantages and disadvantages of banning 500 and 1000 notes in India?	What are the pros and cons of Ceasing Rs. 500 and Rs.1000 Currency Notes in India?
Which are some of the best companies for outsourcing customer service?	Who has the Best customer service?
What should one do to find purpose of one's life?	How do we know the purpose of our life?
Can I join the military if I have terrible memory and recall?	Can I be in the army if I have a terrible memory / recall?
Why is New Year's celebrated in January?	Why is it New Year on the first of January?
How can I recover a direct message on Instagram I deleted?	How do I recover deleted direct messages from Instagram?
How can I make money online in India?	What are the ways to make online money in india?
What's your biggest regret?	What is the biggest regret?
Has NASA ever discovered strong evidence with regard to an alien invasion?	Is NASA hiding evidence of intelligent alien life?
What are some mind-blowing technologies that exist that most people don't know about?	What are some mind-blowing technologies things that exist that most people don't know about?
How do I stop a German Shepherd/Border Collie mix puppy from chewing my shoes?	How do I stop my Chihuahua from biting my shoes?
Is there a directory of cell phones or mobile numbers?	Is there a directory of individual landline and cell phone telephone numbers?
Which are the best movies ever?	What are the best movies of all time?
What is the dress code at mcops?	What is the dress code at mcops ?
Why a girl would ignore you suddenly on Facebook?	Why would a girl ignore you suddenly on Facebook?
What kind of questions can I ask to Quora?	Can I ask any kind of question on Quora?
How could I make video like YouTube channel myvideospromo?	How do I make video like mypromovideos?
What is the most important thing someone has ever said to you?	What is the best thing anyone said or did to you?
How long does it take to learn Java?	How long does it take to learn java and how difficult is it for a beginner?
What is the best way to use samsung knox?	What exactly is Samsung Knox?
What is the dumbest thing you have done?	What is the stupidest thing you have ever done?
What are the early and common signs of pregnancy?	What are the common first signs of pregnancy? How can I tell if I'm pregnant? What are the symptoms?
Are human beings meant to be monogamous?	Were humans meant to be polygamous or monogamous?
How do I break up with my girlfriend?	How do I Break up with fiancé?
Is Kaguya from "The Tale of Princess Kaguya" movie considered a Magical Girl?	Is "The Tale of Princess Kaguya" considered a Magical girl movie?
How do I get meth out of my system faster?	Is there any pill you can buy to flush meth out of your system for a drug test?
Why do students hate examinations?	Why do students hate exams?
How many clothes canyou make limited or unlimited?	How many clothes can the clothes company make limited or unlimited?
Can witches fly on brooms?	Do witches fly on brooms at night?
What country is the most diverse and/or has the most diverse group of millionaires and/or billionaires?	Which country has the most billionaires?
Why do dogs bark during mid night?	Why do dogs bark at the same time every night?
How can I learn machine learning?	what steps should I follow to learn machine learning?
How do you really know the difference between love and lust in a relationship?	How do you know if it is love or lust?
How can I prepare for UPSC from first year in college?	How should one start preparing for UPSC when they're in first year of college? Plus what should be the strategy?
Will the next generation of parenting change or stay the same?	What will the next generation of American parenting be like?
Is the pen really mightier than the sword?	The pen is mightier than the sword. debate topic?
Who do you think should win the elections in the USA for President?	Who will win USA president?
Which is the best book on tensors?	Which is the best book to understand tensors?
What can we do for hair loss?	How should I reduce hair fall?
Can I increase my IQ?	How can I increase my IQ?
How can I travel to Mexico without a passport?	Can I travel to Mexico without a passport?
What are the best Gate exam Books for mechanical engineering?	What is the best book for gate preparation?
What are some mind-blowing technologies tools that exist that most people don't know about?	What are some mind-blowing futuristic gadgets that exist that most people don't know about?
Can a long distance relationship work when you're 14?	Can a long-distance relationship work for 14 year olds?
What's your 2017 new year resolution?	What are some meaningful new year resolutions for 2017?
What can I do about an iPod that won't hold charge?	What should I do if my iPod Touch does not charge?
How can we make life much better?	How can I make my life better?
What were the causes of Bengal partition in 1905?	Why was Bengal of British India partitioned in 1905?
Why do some people believe that 9/11 was an inside job (i.e. a government/media/etc./whatever conspiracy) as opposed to an act of terrorism?	Why do some people believe that 9/11 was an inside job?
What should the purpose of your life?	Wanna ask someone please. What is life? And what is the purpose of our life?
What are vertical and horizontal stressors?	What are horizontal stressors and how do they differ from vertical stressors?
How good is the BML Munjal University?	How good is BML Munjal University?
How can you make money from an instagram account?	How do people make money from Instagram?
What is the best laptop within 60k available in India?	Which is the best laptop below rs60000?
Does meditation improve concentration and discipline?	Does meditation improve concentration and focus?
What are the best headphones under Rs. 2000 in India?	Which are the best headphones to buy under Rs 2000 in India?
When do you think things will turn around in Venezuela?	When will things turn around in Venezuela?
Where can I watch movies online for free?	Where can I watch full movies online for free?
How can I get the permanently deleted emails from Gmail?	How do I retrive permanently deleted email from gmail?
What is your New Year Resolution?	What are your new year resolutions’2017?
How do I begin with long term investment?	How do I begin for long term investment?
What are some mind-blowing car accessories that exist that most people don't know about?	What are some mind-blowing car help tools that exist that most people don't know about?
Is Hillary Clinton a war hawk?	Why does Hillary Clinton have so hawkish foreign policy?
How can I improve my pronunciation in English?	How can I continue to improve my English?
Will India and Pakistan war happen in the future?	Is there going to be a war between India and Pakistan in the near future?
When is the best time to travel Singapore?	When is the best time to visit Singapore?
Is Donald Trump an undercover democrat?	Is Donald Trump a covert operative for the Clintons?
Who is going to win the presidential election?	Who is going to win the 2016 US presidential election? Why?
What are the best places to visit in Bengaluru and nearby?	Which are the best places in Bangalore to visit?
How many paid users does Tinder have?	How many paying customers does Tinder have?
How do nuclear batteries work?	How does a nuclear battery work?
Is air a good conductor or a bad conductor of heat?	Is air one of the best insulators of heat?
What are your memorable sexual experiences?	What is your most memorable sexual experience?
What would be a realistic plan to lose weight?	How can I lose post marriage weight?
Who would win the fight between Superman and Thor?	Who would win in a fight between Thor and Superman?
Why does Quora remove questions?	Why did Quora deleted my question?
Why does a droplet of water not boil off immediately when we put it on a super hot pan?	Why do water droplets seem to float on a hot pan?
What is part time work from home?	What all part time work can be done from home?
How can I speak English like natives?	How can I speak fluent english with confidence?
Why does Iran not support DA'ESH (ISIS)?	Does Iran support ISIS?
How can I improve in English?	How can I improve fluency in English?
What makes a person creative?	What makes a person creative? Aren't we all creative?
Have the Ancient Anasazi been scientifically tested?	Has history been scientifically tested?
I'm almost 40. Is it too late for me to learn piano?	Is it too late to learn piano at the age of 30?
What are some of the mobile apps that you can't live without?	Which one mobile app you can't live without?
What is the drug ice?	What is the drug called ice? Who makes it/profits from it?
Is it possible to make some money by writing answers on Quora?	Do you make money by answering questions on Quora?
Which are the best books for organic and inorganic chemistry?	What would be the best books for organic and inorganic chemistry?
What would have solved the Kashmir issue?	What is the solution of Kashmir conflict?
What are the best ways to learn new things?	What is the best way to learn something?
How do I grow tall quickly?	What are the ways to grow tall?
How did Aman Bansal prepare for IIT JEE?	How did aman Bansal (AIR 1 JEE) study?
Which are some good non fiction books I should read?	What are some good non-fiction books that I should read?
What are the most socially liberal countries?	What are some of the most liberal countries?
What will happen after we die? Does nothing happen?	What happen when we die?
How do you accept yourself as gay?	How can you accept yourself as gay?
How do you know if you are bisexual or bicurious?	How do you know if you're bisexual or bicurious?
Pakistan has not yet granted the most favoured nation (MFN) status to India. Does it really matter for India?	Why has Pakistan not extended MFN status to India?
Is Wing Chun effective in street fights?	How effective is wing Chung in street fighting?
How should I prepare for getting into the Stanford MS in CS program if I'm currently an undergraduate in civil engineering from India?	How should I prepare for getting into Stanford MS CS if I'm currently an undergraduate in India?
What are some examples of common sense or presence of mind?	What are some of the examples of presence of mind?
Which is the best place to visit in Goa?	Which are the best places in Goa to visit alone?
What are the pros and cons of implementing a uniform civil code in India?	What are some major changes expected in India should there be uniform civil code brought in?
Who are the major contributors of air pollution in Delhi?	What can be done to solve the current issue of worst air quality in Delhi?
Adobe After Effects: How can I improve the rendering time in AfterEffects?	How can we reduce rendering time in Adobe after effects?
What is real time system?	What is a real time systems?
Should I drop a year after engineering for CAT preparation or join Capgemini as a fresher?	Should I drop one year after my BBA for CAT preparation?
Is cultural appropriation bad?	What is cultural appropriation and why is it such a big problem?
Where can I find a good website on macarons?	Where can I learn how to make good macarons?
What are some important and effective listening skills?	What are some important listening skills to develop?
Should we really worry about climate change?	Should I worry about climate change? Should the government do anything about climate change?
How can we recover our Gmail password online?	How can I recover my Gmail account's password?
What's the quickest way to get rid of belly fat?	How do I get rid of belly fat and thigh fat?
How should I use Freelancer?	How do I use freelancer?
Is exercise necessary?	Is exercise necessary or just optional?
What are the "must watch" movies before you die?	Which movie you would watch before you die?
What are the most effective approaches to deal with social anxiety?	What are tips or helpful tools to combat social anxiety?
What's your favorite song and why?	What's your current favorite song?
What is the best way to teach English grammar?	How can I teach English grammar?
What is Six Sigma? Who forms the part of Six Sigma implementation team?	What is Six Sigma? Who forms the Six Sigma implementation team?
Where can I get affordable coworking space in Bangalore?	What's the nicest looking coworking space in Bangalore?
How do I improve my pronunciation in English?	What should I do to improve my English ?
Why is salt water taffy candy imported in France?	Why is Saltwater taffy candy imported in South Korea?
How do I get rid of acne on nose?	How can I get rid of acne on my nose?
Which is the best book for learning language c++?	What is the best book for DEV C++?
What's the best smartphone I can get under rs. 15000?	Which smartphone is the best to buy for Rs. 15000?
How do you treat acne on your arms?	How do you treat acne on your arm?
Why has American food so much sugar?	Why do American food and beverages contain so much sugar?
Was there a Russian equivalent to James Bond?	Why is there no James Bond-like character in Russian literature?
What is surgical strike by India?	What does surgical strike means?
What is Hillary Clinton`s stance on India?	What is Hillary Clinton's stand on relations with India?
How safe is new Rs 500 and Rs 2000 Indian currency notes?	What are some interesting features of the new 500 and 2000 rupees notes issued by RBI?
Which is better between the GATE and the GRE?	Which is a better option between gre and gate exam?
Do women like hairy guys who have hair all over the body?	Do women find hairy male body attractive?
How can I stop feeling so inferior to others?	How do I stop feeling inferior and sad about myself?
What are some of your favorite documentaries and why?	What are your favourite documentaries? Why?
What is the best voice recording app for iPhone?	What is the best audio recorder app for iPhone?
What is the most important question of your life?	What is the best question that you have ever met in your life? What is the most original question that you have ever met in your life?
What is it like to have a child with depression?	What is it like when your child suffers from depression? How have you dealt with it?
How do you cheer up an autistic person shutting down?	How do you cheer up autism shutdowns?
How can I learn better in school/ How can I get better grades in school?	What should I do to get better grade in my class?
How can I become rich?	How can someone become rich?
What is your New Year Resolution?	What's your new year 2017 resolution to improve your daily life routine?
What is the temperament of a Lab/Pitbull mix?	What are the behavioral traits of a Black Lab/Pitbull Mix?
Can I hack a college website?	How can I hack my college website?
What is the point of life and what's so good about it?	What's the point of life?
What's the most effective way online to completely learn Java programming?	What is the most effective way to learn Java for someone with no programming experience?
How do you come up with the idea for a new game?	How do I come up with a good idea for a game?
Do you think the Ferguson protests are justified?	Is the Ferguson protest justified?
Which sugar stocks are best to invest in? Which stocks to buy if sugar prices turn bullish?	Is this the best time to buy sugar shares?
Ways to earn money easily?	How do I make money easily?
What should every Indian know about Japan?	What should all Indians know about Japan?
I've planned a trip to nainital from 21st to 23rd. landslide and heavy rainfall is occurring in these days. How the situation will be ok till 21st?	I've planned a trip to nainital from 21st to 23rd. landslide and heavy rainfall is occurring in these days. How the situation will be till 21st?
What's your opinion about the decision on removal of 500 and 1000 rupees currency notes?	What is your opinion about Narendra modis banning on 500 and 1000?
Is Node.js single threaded?	Why Node.js is single threaded?
What do you think about India's surgical strikes on Pakistan?	What is your opinion about surgical strike made by India?
What was the best day of your life so far?	What was the best day of your life? Why?
What would happen to the US if it became communist?	What would happen if the USA became a communist country?
What are similar sites like Quora?	Are there any website like Quora?
What are some ways people make money without adding value?	How can I make my money make money?
How do I plan a trip?	How do you plan for trips?
Which books should one definitely read in one's life time?	What are the books that must be read in our life span?
How can I improve my writing? I have started writing articles and I want to write with more authenticity. What can I do?	How can I improve in my writing?
How is it possible that a photon is massless?	How can a photon exist if it is massless?
Are there any other straight men diagnosed with histrionic personality disorder?	Why are women three times more likely than men to be diagnosed with borderline personality disorder?
Why do I get bored with things so quickly and easily?	Why do I get bored so often?
What should I do to get more traffic on my blog?	How can I increase traffic on my blog?
How many degrees does the hour hand of a clock move in a second?	How many degrees does the hour hand of a clock move in one second?
what are the main free online libraries for research papers ?	Is there a website for free research papers?
Why did Trump win the election?	Why was Trump elected President?
Where can I get highly competitive commercial property financing solutions in Sydney?	Where can I get best assistance for commercial real estate term loans in Sydney?
What is the best male enhancement pill on the market?	What is the best male enhancement pill?
What do you think will be the box office prospects for "Sausage Party" will be?	What are the box office prospects for "Sausage Party"?
What are some mind-blowing mobile inventions that exist that most people don't know about?	What are some mind blowing phones inventions that most people don't know about?
How can i get freebies in india?	How do I get freebies in India?
Can happiness be quantified in any way?	Can happiness be quantified?
Who will win the fight between superman and vision?	Who would win in a fight between Vision and Superman?
Is there infinite energy in zero point energy in reality? (Not only in mathematics)	Is there infinite energy in zero point energy or it is just a mathematical result with no physical existence?
How are currency rates determined?	How the currency rates are decided?
What's the most difficult problem/situation you faced and were you able to solve it?	Describe a situation when you faced a difficult problem and you were able to solve it?
How can I learn online marketing?	What is the best online course to learn marketing?
What do you think of India’s surgical strikes that took place against terrorists in Pakistan?	What you think about recent India's surgical strike in Pakistan?
Which will be better for gaming i3 5005U with R5 M330 or i3 6100U with HD 520?	Which would be better: i3 5005U with R5 M330 or i3 6100U with HD 520?
Why do dogs bark at night?	Why do dogs bark at the same time every night?
What are some interesting books to read for leisure?	What are good books to read in leisure?
Which cheese does Pizza Hut use to make Garlic bread with cheese?	What cheese does Pizza Hut use to make their garlic bread with cheese?
Have you upvoted an answer just because it was long?	What is the probability that a person will upvote an answer just because it's long?
What are ways to make money online at home?	What is a way to make money online?
What is the least competitive engineering field currently?	What is the least competitive engineering field?
Would you be buying iPhone 7? Why or why not?	Why would you buy an iPhone 7?
What art print could complement the Brooklyn bridge art print by Andy Warhol?	What art print could complement the Brooklyn bridge print by Andy Warhol?
Which is best escort in bangalore?	What is the best escort service provider in Bangalore?
Is Tejas good enough to replace Mig-21?	How is the LCA-Tejas better than the MIG-21? Why is the Tejas so important for India?
How can the word "altruism" be used in a sentence?	How is the word "altruism" used in a sentence?
How do I stop my cravings for junk food?	How can I stop eating junk food and sugar/sugary foods?
Does the Quora Top Writer get any kind of recognition or award?	Do Top Writers on Quora get any rewards from the company?
Can we time travel anyhow?	Could time travel be a real thing? Could it be scientifically explained?
Why the civilians do not leave Aleppo?	Why won't they evacuate the civilians from Aleppo?
What can I do to earn money lot without working hard?	What are possible ways to be able to generate a lot of money without a degree?
Why is ginger ale good for upset stomachs?	How does ginger ale help with an upset stomach?
Do enzymes help digestion? How?	Can consuming enzymes help with digestion?
How can I make money from Facebook?	How can make money on Facebook?
Why can't India get more medals in Olympics?	Why do Indians get less medals in Olympics?
Why is still India a developing country?	Is India still a developing country?
If I had a period for 2 days and a half can I still get pregnant?	Can I get pregnant a day before my period and still have my period?
Why is Voss water so expensive?	Why is Voss water so famous and expensive?
What are some ideas of a new business with low investment to start in India?	What are some best business ideas with minimum investment?
Which is best antivirus for mobile?	What is the best antivirus for my phone and why?
Which one is the best MacBook ever?	What is the best MacBook for me?
How can you train a Basenji/Chihuahua mix?	How do you train a dog?
Does ICAI really slash marks?	Does the ICAI do slacing of marks?
Why does the media constantly distort Donald Trump as a bad man?	Why are the media biased against Donald Trump?
Will The Big Bang Theory end after season 10?	Will season 10 of Big Bang Theory be the final season?
What is the trick to maintaining long distance relationships?	Does a long distance relationship really work?
Why do I always feel sleepy when I start to study biology? What must I do?	I always feel sleepy when I'm studying. What should I do?
How do I stop worrying about Matthew 7:21-23?	How do I stop worrying about Matthew 7-21?
Is consumption based GST good for Indian economy?	What are the advantages of GST for the Indian economy?
How do I start preparation for cracking the IAS exam? What are some good books and ideas as I am from a middle class family?	Should IAS preparation start after graduation?
What are the best books for preparation of gate exam(me)?	What are the best Gate exam Books for mechanical engineering?
What are some relatively inexpensive yet beautiful travel destinations?	What are some inexpensive vacation destinations?
What's the best language in the world? And why?	What´s ¨the best¨ language in the world & why?
Does green tea really help in losing weight?	Does green chai tea assist with weight loss?
Which are the best movies of 2016?	Which is your favourite film in 2016?
How to drain a cyst on a dog?	How do you drain a cyst on a dog?
How can I stop procrastination?	How do I stop procrastinating and wasting time?
How will I get my money back after cancelling my eTicket from the IRCTC?	How do we get our refund back from the IRCTC?
How will I get News Chhattisgarh?	How can you get Chhattisgarh news?
What are some of the best psychological horror movies?	What are some of the best psychological horror films?
Which is the best way to prepare for upsc exam?	How can I prepare for UPSC exam at home?
Why do Indian people smell really bad?	Why do Indians smell so bad?
What are the best photos taken with a smartphone?	What are the best photos you've taken using a smartphone?
What is the most demoralizing sport experience you've ever had?	What is the most demoralizing sporting experience you've ever had?
How do prevent someone from saving my profile picture on whatsapp?	How can I prevent someone from saving my WhatsApp profile picture?
Spoilers: Can an elevator actually lift Thor's hammer?	Could an elevator lift Thor's Hammer?
What is recursion/recursiveness in linguistics?	What does recursion mean in linguistics?
What is the interview question?	What are the interview questions?
What should I do if I forgot my iCloud email and password?	How do I recover my iCloud password?
How is first time sex experience?	How does having sex feel for the first time?
How do I start learning guitar?	How can I learn to play guitar?
Can I apply for study visa in canada with 5.5 overall score?	I got overall 5.5 band can I apply for canada study visa?
How can I improve my communication skills specially pronunciation skill?	How do I improve my communication skills in one month?
Can you use a different email account to log back into Snapchat?	How can I get my Snapchat account back if I forgot my original email and password?
How does WhatsApp work? What is the protocol used for communication?	On which technology does WhatsApp work and how does it work? Is there an API that is provided? What protocol is used in the WhatsApp app?
What is ultimate purpose of life?	What do you feel is your purpose in life?
Could people have their own forum site without net neutrality?	Will people be able to have a forum without net neutrality?
What is the easiest way to get a green card in the US?	Who can help me get an America green card?
How do I prepare for XAT in 1 month?	How do I prepare XAT exam in one month?
What is the best treatment of diabetes?	What is the perfect treatment for diabetes?
Donald Trump says he saw thousands cheering in New Jersey when the Twin Towers came down on 9/11. Is this claim likely to be accurate?	Is Donald Trump lying about seeing thousands and thousands of Muslims cheering in New Jersey when the World Trade Center came down on 9/11?
Will we have another recession?	Will there be another recession soon?
What are the best tourist destinations for culture in Nigeria?	What are the best tourist destinations in Nigeria?
How can I live better?	How can we live better?
Can an idea be right and wrong at the same time?	How can an idea be right and wrong at the same time?
What is the difference between Love and liking?	What is different between love and like?
How to publish a book free of cost?	How do I publish my book free of cost?
Who will win premier league this season 2016-2017?	Which team will win the 2016-17 Premier League?
What's the worst thing your child has ever said to you?	What is the worst thing your child has ever said to you?
What is the best Workflow Management Software for SMBs?	What are some of the best Workflow Management Softwares for SMBs?
What happens to my stock options when I quit?	What happens to your stock options when you leave a startup?
Which programming language is the best to learn first?	What is the best programming language to learn first and why?
What are the best career option for women?	Which is the best career option for women after a bachelor’s degree?
How do I clear bank exams?	How do I clear the IBPS exam?
Where can I find investors if I have a good Idea?	Where can I find investors for my show idea?
What were the books Aman Bansal used for his Jee preparation?	Which books were used my Aman Bansal for JEE preparation?
Do you believe in horoscopes?	Do you believe in astrology?
Why did Lord Rama break the bow of Lord Shiva?	Why  did Lord Rama break the bow of Siva?
What are the things that one should learn in the period of articleship?	What are the main areas that one should learn during CA articleship?
How does table salt differ from cooking salt?	How are table salt and cooking salt different?
what are the must watch Bollywood movies?	What are some of the must watched Bollywood movies?
Why are imaginary numbers so useful?	Where and why are the imaginary numbers used?
Is it possible to know the shareholders of a private company?	Is it possible to know who the shareholders of a private company are?
How to remove pimple scars?	How do you treat pimple scars?
What should I do after completing my XII?	What should I do after completing XII?
Will Denver Airport get a nonstop flight on Emirates Airlines?	Is Emirates planning a nonstop flight to Denver?
How do I find the best SEO company in Delhi?	Which is the Best SEO Company in Delhi for Digital Marketing Services?
Which bank is better HDFC or ICICI?	Which is a better bank HDFC or ICICI?
What does it mean to have feelings of emptiness as a person with borderline personality disorder?	Why does it say that Borderline personality disorder is characterised by intense emotions and also feelings of emptiness?
How can I study more hard?	How can I improve my study efficiency?
Why do long distance relationships fail?	How can I have a successful long distance relationship?
Daniel Ek: Why isn't Spotify coming to India instead of the huge internet consumption India has?	Daniel Ek: When will spotify be available in India?
Why do all my questions need improving on quora?	What is the best way to improve my questions on Quora?
Where is the wildest place you ever had sex?	What is the strangest place where you had sex?
What is the simple meaning of "once in a blue moon"?	What is the meaning of "once in a blue Moon "?
What it is like to study in New Zealand for the Indian students?	What is it like an Indian Student studying in New Zealand?
Where can I get bikes on rental basis either in Kozhikode or Wayanad?	How to get around wayanad? Are there any bikes available for rent?
Is it too late to start medical school at 32?	Is it too late to go to medical school at 24?
How do I stop daydreaming? And concentrate on reality?	How do I avoid or stop daydreaming?
Which books to refer for mechanical engineering for GATE?	What are the reference books for GATE mechanical engineering?
Quicksort: What is the quick sort algorithm?	What is quick sort algorithm?
What is the correct order to watch the Marvel Cinematic Universe movies?	What order should I watch the Marvel movies in?
How do I get a lean body?	How can I make lean muscle body?
How do you learn how to write non-fiction creatively?	What is the best way to learn how to write non-fiction?
What are some nice places to hangout in Pune?	Which are some good places to hangout in Pune?
How can I earn money from my Facebook page?	How do I earn money with my Facebook page?
Can I buy laptops in Paytm?	Is it a good option to buy laptops through Paytm?
What is the the best way to learn programming?	What's the best way to learn general programming?
What are must read novels of all times?	What are some of the must read novels from all genres?
Why is Saltwater taffy candy imported in China?	Why is salt water taffy candy unknown in Japan?
How can I prepare for ANTHE senior 2016 to get better marks?	How should I prepare for ANTHE senior 2016?
How can I prepare for the GATE 2016 in the last six months? Is there any good study to get qualified in CS?	How do I prepare for gate in 6 months?
Who was the best hacker in the world?	Who are world's best hackers?
What is the rationale behind introducing 2000 rupee note by India Government?	What is the necessity of introducing 2000 rupee notes?
How do I stop over masturbation?	How can I drop porn and masturbation?
How can I delete my Paddy Power account?	What are some ways of deleting my Paddy Power account?
What are the easy ways to earn money online?	How do you earn money from internet?
What is an example of a sentence using the word repast?	What are some sentence examples using "repast"?
Which is currently the best IAS coaching centre in Hyderabad?	Which is the best coaching centre in Hyderabad for IAS coaching?
What are some nice places to hangout in Pune?	What are some of the best hangout places in Pune?
Why do black holes exist?	Do black holes exist?
What is your favorite song of lyricist Prasoon Joshi and why?	Which are the best songs of lyricist Prasoon Joshi?
How can we save humanity?	How can I/we save humanity?
What would be the advantages if the whole world spoke one language?	Would it better if the whole world spoke in one common language?
Have you seen someone having sex in public place?	Have you seen someone doing sex in public place ?
What are the best Russian vodka brands?	What is the best Russian vodka and why?
Why Arnab Goswami resign times now? And start entrepreneurs.?	Why does Arnav Goswami resign from Times Now editor-in-chief post?
What is a good way to spend free time?	What should one do in one's free time?
Who was the best hacker in the history?	Who are and were the best hackers in history?
What's the nicest looking coworking space in Bangalore?	Where is the best coworking culture in Bangalore?
What are the best online courses for digital marketing?	What are the best online short courses in digital marketing?
How do you know if someone is a psychopath?	How do I know if I am a psychopath?
What is protein synthesis?	What is protein synthesis? What is the site of protein synthesis in a cell?
How I can speak English with fluency?	How can I speak fluent English with accuracy?
Which is the most hated country in the world?	What is the most hated or disliked country in the world?
Will I grow taller at 15?	How can I grow taller fast at 15?
What is the track to learn information technology?	How should I learn information technology?
What are movies or TV series similar to Jonny Quest?	What are some good movies or TV series similar to Jonny Quest?
What can make you more rich? Poker or horse betting?	What can make you richer? Poker or sport betting?
What continent is the richest continent on earth?	What is the richest continent?
What are some of the Bollywood movies with no songs?	What are some Bollywood movies with no songs?
Is being an introvert bad in today's world what are the pros cons.I am an introvert should I change?I am not good In maintaining relations	Is being an introvert wrong or bad for me?
How do girls flirt?	How girls flirt with boys?
What is like having sex for the first time?	How does having sex feel for the first time?
What are some unknown facts about Draupadi?	What are some lesser known facts about Draupadi?
Why do anole lizards turn brown?	Why is the anole lizard turning brown?
What can I do to make people on Quora my friends?	Can you make online friends with other people on Quora?
How can we revamp education system in India?	How can we redesign the education system in India?
What are the major human caused threats to biodiversity? How can we solve this threats?	What are the common human threats to biodiversity?
How can one make money online?	What is the easiest way to earn money from online?
What makes a woman or girl unattractive?	What makes a woman unattractive?
How does one fall out of love?	How does one simply fall out of love?
Which is the best laptop under INR 60k?	Which is the best laptop I should buy under Rs.60000?
Is there a difference between native mini display port and just mini display port on Macbook air?	Is there a difference between "native" mini displayport and just mini displayport on Macbok air?
What is the trick to maintaining long distance relationships?	How can I maintain my long distance relationship to the best of my ability?
What do you think of Dileep and Kavya Madhavan marriage?	What do you think of the Dileep-Kavya marriage?
What causes a baby to have a stroke?	How do babies get stroke?
What are thematic maps? What are some examples?	What are some common examples of thematic maps?
What do you think of Mr. Modi's decision to discontinue Rs 500 and 1000 currencies as of midnight November 8th?	What do you think of the decision by the Indian Government to demonetize 500 and 1000 rupee notes?
Will Clinton or Trump be the next president of the USA?	Do you think Donald Trump or Hillary Clinton will be the next president of the US?
How can we improve our logical ability?	What are the effective ways to improve our logical thinking?
How do I start my first business?	How do we start a business?
What's the easiest way to make money online?	How can i make money online easily?
Should presidential debate moderators have to fact check debates?	Should Presidential debate moderators fact check?
What is the best online test series for IAS exams mains?	What is the best online test series for IAS exams?
How can I make a vegan samosa?	How can you make vegetable samosa?
Can you get a driver license number online?	How can I get my drivers licences number if lost it in tx?
Who are some of the most beautiful women in the world?	Who is the most beautiful woman in the world?
What is real leather made of?	What is leather made from?
Which is best Photoshop app for Android?	Which is the best photoshop for android?
What is your favorite place to travel to?	What is your favorite place you've ever traveled and why?
What led Indian government to remove 500 and 1000 rs notes from circulation? Will be able to remove black economy?	Why do you think Indian government has demolished RS 500 and RS 1000 notes?
Is there any permanent treatment of hypothyroidism?	Is there a permanent treatment available for Hypothyroidism and why are the TSH levels sometimes dynamically changed?
Can time travel ever be possible?	Is time travel already possible on Earth?
How do I keep track of my expenses?	How do you keep track of your expenses?
What are the good options for mobile phones under 15000?	What are the best phones under 15000 in india?
How early could we impeach a president Trump?	How can we impeach Donald Trump?
What are types of digital marketing?	Bulk Sms India: What are the types of digital marketing?
Is the Indian currency has GPS nano chip?	How much is the truth that the new high denomination currency of India are being embedded with GPS nano chips?
What do you want to be remembered for when you die?	How do you want to be remembered?
What should a high schooler do to become a cyber security specialist?	How do I become an Information Security Expert?
How do I start a conversation with a stranger girl?	How do I start a talk with stranger? Specially a girl?
How can I view a private Instagram?	How do I view someones's private instagram pictures?
Is astrology a real science?	Is astrology real?
How can I stop my dog from chewing my shoes?	How do you stop German Shepherd/Husky puppies from biting your stuff?
What is ionization energy?	What are ionization energy?
Does hypnotism really exist?	Does hypnotism work?
What is the trick to maintaining long distance relationships?	Is there a single case of a successful long distance relationship?
Are there bodies of alien hidden in Area 51?	Why do people believe that there are alien in area 51?
Does long distance relationship works?	Does long distance relationships actually work?
What is your New Year Resolution?	What is your New Year Resolution for 2017?
Why is Amma so popular in Tamil Nadu?	Why is Amma such a huge phenomenon in Tamil Nadu?
Can you take Cialis and Viagra together?	Can I take viagra and cialis together?
Is a sea of massive gravitons what ripples when galaxy clusters collide and is it what waves in a double slit experiment?	If the superfluid dark matter is what ripples when Galaxy clusters collide and what waves in a double slit experiment then does this relate GR and QM?
How can I retrieve and recover deleted items from my Gmail after mistakenly deleting and clearing trash?	How do I recover my deleted email by my gmail account?
What is the best sex position to satisfy a woman?	What is the best sex position to satisfy women?
Does the law of attraction really work?	How much law of attraction works?
How do I plan a 4 day trip to Goa?	How do I plan a 7 day trip to Goa that covers the most beautiful places?
What are the qualities of a good researcher?	What qualities define a good researcher?
Why does Lysol only kill 99.9% of germs?	Why does disinfectant only kill 99% of germs!?
Do you have to be a US citizen to go to Mars?	Will SpaceX allow non-US citizens to go to Mars?
What type of food should I eat to lose weight?	What should I eat while losing weight?
Why did Donald Trump win the election?	Why did American people elect Donald Trump as their president?
What's the best strategy to start up a cafe?	How do I start a cafe?
Which is the most loved club in Indian Super League?	Indian Super League: Which team is expected to be the most supported?
What are the best coaching classes for CAT preparation in DELHI?	What is the best coaching institute for the CAT preparation in Delhi?
What is Stealth technology?	Whats are stealth aircrafts?
How can I hack the others Facebook account?	How can I hack my friend's Facebook account?
What are some colors that go well with grey?	What colors go with gray?
Why do many deny white privilege?	Why do so many white people deny white privilege is a thing?
What are the best websites to download Hollywood movies?	Top sites to download Hollywood movies?
How can you learn faster and effectively?	How should I learn faster?
What is the penultimate purpose of life?	What's the sole purpose of life?
What are some good effects of ice cream when you have a fever?	Is ice cream good to eat when you have a fever? Why or why not?
What is the formula for the standard enthalpy of formation of naphthalene?	How is the formula for the standard enthalpy of formation of naphthalene determined?
What's a good use of hashtags in Instagram?	What are the best hashtags I can use for my clothing brand on instagram?
What is a better alternative to canva?	What are some alternatives to Canva?
How is black money curbed with the ban of 1000 rupee notes and introducing new 500 and 2000 rupee notes?	How is India fighting corruption by scrapping 500 and 1000 rupee notes?
Which team do you think will win the IPL 2016?	Which team win IPL 9?
What is the BEst way to quit meth?	What's the best way to quit meth?
How is the Information System program at University of Calgary?	How is the Information Systems Program at University of Calgary?
Why are people lazy?	Why are some people lazy?
Can a new president reverse the pardons of previous presidents?	Could a new president get rid of a pardon?
Have you had two penises in your vagina simultaneously?	How does it feel to have two penises in your vagina at the same time?
Can depression be cured permanently?	How can depression be cured?
How do I stop masturbation and forget women?	How can I stop masturbations?
Is there (already) a factual proof that demonetization in India is Success/Failure?	Will the demonetization successful in India or not?
What is the role of stock exchange in an economy? What are some examples?	What are the roles of stock exchange in the economy?
What are the merits and demerits of Redmi 3S Prime?	What is the merit or demerits of redmi 3s?
Is it true that eating rice can make you sleepy in awhile?	Does rice make one feel sleepy or drowsy?
Will time travel be possible in the next 10 years?	Is time traveling possible in future?
What is the difference between a hobby and a habit?	What is the difference between interest and hobbies?
What will you have for dinner tonight?	What are you having for dinner tonight?
Why are US Supreme Court Justices appointed for life?	Why are supreme court justices appointed for life?
Which is the best laptop I can buy under INR 65K?	What will be the best laptop under 65K INR?
What should be my strategy to earn coins in MiniClip 8 Ball Pool?	How do I earn more coins in 8 ball pool?
What is the best question one has ever come across in Quora?	What is the most important question asked on Quora?
How will black money and corruption be stopped by banning 500 and 1000 notes?	How can Modi government prevent black money by discontinuing 500 and 1000 notes?
Where can I find the best quality cupcakes in Gold Coast?	Where can I buy special flavor cupcake at Gold Coast?
What should be a gift to a newly married couple?	What are the best gifts for newly married couples?
How do I improve my pronunciation of English?	What is the best path I should take to improve my English?
How can I stop from wanting to learn everything and focus on one thing at a time?	How can I stop from wanting to learn everything and focus on one thing?
Who are the most intelligent people to follow on Quora?	Who are the best people to be followed on Quora?
How can I stop masturbating forever?	How can I stop masturbation?
How can you run a car on water?	Is there a car engine that could run on water?
What is your WhatsApp status right now?	What is my WhatsApp status?
How do non-INFJ feel about INFJs?	How do non-INFJs feel about INFJ?
Why do so many people ask questions on Quora.com when they could easily find the answers themselves online?	Why do people ask Quora questions which can be answered easily by Google?
Should Air India be privatised?	Should indian airlines be privatised?
What did Dhoni step down as ODI and T20 captain so quietly?	Why Dhoni steps down as captain from Indian cricket?
How can I get better grades in high school?Should I stop gaming to get better grades?	Should I stop gaming to get better grades in high school?
How do I make friends If I'm an introvert?	How can I make friends if I am an introvert?
What is the best super power? Why?	What is the best super power?
I want to do something to bring a change in the education system in India. How I can do so?	I want to change the education system in India. How can I have such power?
Is Economics a good major? (UPENN student)	Is economics still a good major choice for the future?
How can I open new football club in India?	How do I start a football club in India?
Why are HF and HR called control parameters in amplifiers?	Why are hf and hr called control parameters?
When and how should I use "have had" and "had had" in a sentence?	How can I use "have had", "has had" and "had had"?
Which is the world best hospital?	What is the best hospital in the world?
Who is the founder of zenith home solution?	Who is the co founder of zenith home solution?
How can one deal with people that are racists?	How can I deal with racists?
What does Mark Zuckerberg usually have for lunch?	What does Mark Zuckerburg eat for lunch?
Where does the pharmaceutical industry come up with the names for their drugs?	How do drug companies decide on the names of prescription drugs?
Are there any limits to friendship?	Is there any limit to friendship?
What is Cloud Backup Services and hows it help	What is Cloud Backup Services?
What is the difference between a company and a firm?	What is the difference between a firm and a company?
How good is the iPhone 6?	Is the iPhone 6 good?
What is examples of unalienable rights?	What are unalienable rights and what are some examples of them?
How can I quickly get rid of belly fat as a male?	How can I tighten my body and get rid of tummy/belly fat?
What are some best short stories?	What is one of the best short stories?
How do you know if someone cares about you?	How can you see if someone cares about you?
Who will win the two thousand sixteen U S presidential election and why?	Who will win the 2016 U.S. presidential election and why?
How do I overcome feeling of lonliness?	What should I do to get out of lonliness?
How can we create android apps?	How can I create Android apps?
What steps can I take to improve my writing skills?	How do I improve my English writing and speaking skills?
What are some of the famous conspiracy theories that came true?	What conspiracy theories have been proven?
What do you make of Kapil Sharma's tweet to Narendra Modi complaining of corruption in the BMC?	What is your view/opinion about Kapil Sharma's bribe row against BMC?
How was the KVPY SA 2016? What is the expected cutoff?	What is the expected cut off for KVPY SA 2016?
What does love feel like?	What does love feel like to you?
Men: What would you do if you were in a female body for one day?	What would you do if you were in a female body for one day?
How do I lose weight without losing breasts?	Is there a way to lose weight without your breasts getting smaller?
Why is money important to society?	Why is money so important to society?
What is Veto power?	What is the veto power?
What can I do to earn money lot without working hard?	How can I earn money without doing anything?
Is electrical Engineering a good optional subject for Civil Services.?	Is electrical engineering a good optional subject for Civil Services?
Why does the US election system follows electoral college instead of popular vote?	Why do we use an electoral college to elect the President instead of using the popular vote like for Congress?
Which is better hair wax or a hair gel?	Which is better hair gel or hair wax?
Who is winning the US presidental election?	Who will win the US election?
School kill creativity?	How do schools kill creativity?
How can I delete my own question from Quora?	How do you delete a question from Quora?
Is it hard to learn Spanish and French in the same time?	Can you learn Spanish and French at the same time without mixing them up?
Why do men like anal sex?	Why are some men obsessed with anal sex?
Can an increase in renewable energy production alone provide for all of our energy needs?	Can an increase in renewable energy production alone provide for all of our energy needs? Why or why not?
What are the worst smelling things in the world?	What are some of the worst smells in the world?
Do mainstream Christians believe the Mormon faith is a part of the Christian faith?	Which Christian denominations recognize the Mormon faith as Christian? Which do not?
What are some of the most lucrative insurances to sell ?	What are some of the most lucrative insurances to sell?
What is the difference between a software and an application?	What is difference between Software and Applications?
Do you think it's time India got rid of reservation?	Do you think it's time for India to give up reservation?
What is lgbt rights?	What are the LGBT rights?
What is the best answer for why should we hire you?	What are some of the best reply to the question "Why should we hire you?"?
Why is gun control bad?	Why is gun control considered bad by some?
How do you potty train Mini Westie puppies?	How do you potty train a 6-month old Pit Bull?
Who's your favorite writer and what book of theirs would you recommend for reading?	What is your favorite book of al time?
Is Mahavatar Babaji a real person or a myth?	Is Mahavatar Babaji real?
How can a Chinese speaker learn English?	How can I learn English well as a Chinese student？?
What does a Donald Trump presidency mean for the US - India relationship?	Will relations between India and the USA get affected with Donald Trump as President?
How do you know when your partner is cheating?	How do I know my spouse is cheating?
What is the way to charge the smart phone smartly?	What is the best way of charging a smart phone?
What are the safety precautions on handling shotguns proposed by the NRA in Kentucky?	What are the safety precautions on handling shotguns ?
What is the the best way to learn programming?	How do you learn to program?
What is the difference between milk allergy and lactose intolerant?	What is the difference between being lactose intolerant and being allergic to milk?
What is the QuickBooks installation support phone number?	Which is the best QuickBooks error support number?
What were the major causes for the French Revolution of 1789?	Which were some of the major causes of the French Revolution that happened in 1789?
Is there a single case of a successful long distance relationship?	Does a long distance relationship really work?
Why is Russia having a military drill with Pakistan?	Why did Russia start military drill in Pakistan?
I want to do suicide? Tell me the painless method for that.	What are some painless ways to commit suicide?
How can one ask for a raise?	How do you ask for a raise?
What's the most pathetic and unwanted character in Dilwale and why?	What is the most irritating character in Dilwale according to you?
How do I change my profile picture in my yahoo account?	How do I change picture on Yahoo! Mail?
How much money do I need to start a mermaid and pirate themed cruise line?	How much money do I need to start a cruise line?
How do I make friends in college? I went to clubs but no one talked to me.	How can I make friends when starting university?
Who was the founder of Buddhism?	Who are the founder(s) of Buddhism?
Why would Hillary Clinton and some of her predecessors use a private e-mail server?	Why did Hillary Clinton use a private server in the first place?
Why are studies important?	Why is studying important?
I am 25 year old guy and never had a girlfriend. Is this weird?	I am 25 years old. I have never had a girlfriend. Is something wrong with me?
What software should I use for creating infographics?	What is best software to create infographics?
Where can I post my drawings to being seen for every worldwide?	Where can I post my drawings or comic for the world to see?
What are some best tips to stay fit for IT professionals?	What are some of the best tips to stay fit for IT professionals?
What are the differences between a antagonist and a protagonist? What are some examples?	What are the differences between the antagonist and the protagonist? What are their similarities?
What practical applications might evolve from the discovery of the Higgs Boson?	What are some practical benefits of discovery of the Higgs Boson?
What are the best affiliate marketing programs for individuals?	What are some good affiliate marketing programs?
How I can increase subscribers on my YouTube Channel ?	How do I to increase my YouTube channel subscriber?
How can I make my hair grow?	How can I grow my hair faster?
How should a young men dress to look more handsome?	What are some life hacks for a guy to look more handsome/attractive?
How can I lose 10 Kilos?	How do I actually lose weight?
How was education during the Japanese occupation in Singapore like?	How was education in Singapore like during the Japanese occupation?
Where is the best Whirlpool microwave oven service center in Hyderabad?	What is the best Whirlpool microwave oven service center in hyderabad?
What is the best sex you ever had?	What was best sex you ever had?
What is the best Bollywood movie of 2016?	What is your favorite Bollywood movie in 2016?
How did you celebrate your birthday?	How can I celebrate my birthday being alone?
What are the safety precautions on handling shotguns proposed by the NRA in Minnesota?	What are the safety precautions on handling shotguns proposed by the NRA in Florida?
What are some of the best Quranic Recitation?	What are some best Quranic Recitations you have ever heard?
Which answer on Quora has got greatest upvotes?	What Quora answer has the highest number of upvotes?
Why has the font of Quora changed?	Why was the default Quora android app font changed?
Why was NDTV banned for 24 hours?	Why was Hindi news channel NDTV India banned for one day?
What are things that you think only you do?	What are some things which you think only you do?
What qualities do women look for in a guy to consider him for a longtime partner?	What do most women look for in a guy?
Why Delhi has the most no. of crimes in India?	Why most of the crimes occur in the surroundings of Delhi?
What's Madonna like in real life?	What is Madonna like in person?
What is the difference between Realism and Pragmatism?	What is a short way of describing the difference between realism and pragmatism?
Is it possible to travel time with real life?	Is time travel possible then after how long time?
How can I improve my math skills?	How can I improve my Math?
How cold would it have to be for the entire ocean to freeze?	How cold would it have to be for the entire ocean to freeze over?
What are some ways to transfer music from my laptop to iphone without iTunes?	What is the best iTunes alternative to transfer my iPhone music to my computer without barriers?
How do you feel about college athletes getting paid?	Should college athletes be paid?
How do I use TOR browser and where to download it and how safe is it?	Is it safe to use Tor?
Will banning Rs.500 and Rs.1000 notes help to solve black money and corruption?	How would demonetizing 500 and 1000 rupee notes and introducing new 2000 rupee notes help curb black money and corruption?
How is the life of a RAW agent?	How is life of RAW agents?
What is your absolute most favorite book of all time and why? Any suggestions?	What is your favorite book and why? Who is the author?
What is the most embarrassing moment your crush had in front of you?	What was your most embarrassing moment infront of your crush?
What are the best tongue twisters?	What are some of the best tongue-twisters that you know?
What are some of the most difficult questions asked in an interview?	What are the trickiest questions asked in interview?
What is Hyperloop transportation technology?	What are Hyperloop transportation technologies?
Where can I get weed in hyderabad?	Where can I find Weed in Hyderabad?
How do I fix insomnia?	What is the best way to prevent insomnia?
How would you describe Americans and American culture?	How would you define the American culture?
What are different fields for computer science?	What are different fields in computer science?
How can I be readmitted to back to my old university with an academic fresh start after getting dismissed due to poor academic performance?	How can I be readmitted to my old university with an academic fresh start after getting dismissed due to poor academic performance?
What are the safety precautions on handling shotguns proposed by the NRA in South Carolina?	What are the safety precautions on handling shotguns proposed by the NRA in Montana?
Can meth be detected in a urine test if last used was Thursday night and the test was tuesday morning?	How long can meth be detected through a urine drug screen?
Which are the best Linux distros for an individual user?	Which Linux distribution is best for Begginers?
How do I know a girl is interested in me?	How can I know whether or not a girl is interested in me?
What should everyone know about the Kashmir conflict?	What is Kashmir conflict?
How can I start preparing for ias exam? I have 4 yrs.	How do I start preparing for UPSC exam?
Should uneducated people be allowed to vote?	Should people who don't understand or care about foreign policy be allowed to vote?
Where are aliens?	Where are all the aliens?
How could we know that we are falling in love?	How do you know if you are in love? How do you know its not just chemicals in your brain trying to trick you to reproduce?
What's the best way to embed video into PowerPoint?	How do you embed a video in a PowerPoint presentation?
What separates humans from other animals?	What separates humans from animals?
How are the trade relations of India with Pakistan?	What are the current trade relations between India and Pakistan?
Is VoIP legal in India?	VoIP is legal in India?
How do I become a leader?	How do I become a leader ?
Is God an artist or an engineer?	Is God an engineer?
Is the product owner a member of development team?	Is the product owner part of the development team?
How do I improve tennis skills?	How do you improve your tennis game?
Why is the SAT hard?	Is the SAT hard?
Will the USA go to war with Russia?	Will the USA go to war with Russia using nuclear weapons?
Where can I watch full movies online for free?	Are there any ways to watch movies for free?
What are your top 10 favorite songs of all time? Why?	What are your 10 favorite songs of all time?
How do exterminators kill mice?	What exactly do exterminators do about mice?
Can I see my video viewers on Instagram?	How can I see who viewed my video I just posted on Instagram?
Is the US still the Land of the Free?	Can America still call itself land of the free (see notes)?
How can I increase height after 22?	Does height increase after 21? How can I get taller?
Does Weed causes cancer?	Does smoking weed cause cancer?
How does Apple make so much profit on all of their products?	Why does Apple make so much profit on all of their products?
Where can I learn photography?	Where can I start learning photography?
Which is the best site to download movies?	What are some of the best websites to download movies?
How can we treat acnes in oily skin?	How do you treat acne?
Can I ever find true love?	Will I ever find love?
What is the difference between high and low end vehicles?	What is the difference between top end vehicle and low end vehicle?
How can you justify a rich SC/ST person availing benefits of reservation?	Should rich Dalits give up reservation?
What would it take to get a second animated season of Hand Maid May?	Will Hand Maid May ever get a second animated season?
How many people use Quora?	How many active users in Quora?
What is the best shampoo for hair?	Which is the best shampoo used for hair?
Who are the greatest generals of all time?	Who were the greatest generals of all time?
How do I convert mg to mL?	How do you convert mg dosage to ml?
How do I learn something new and important from every person I meet?	How should I learn something from everyone?
Which is the best book for core Java?	Which book to buy to learn java?
How do I know good writing from bad?	How can I know good writing from bad?
Can we attain supernatural powers by meditation?	Can we get supernatural power from meditation?
What is Robert Frost's favourite comic book character?	Robert Frost: Who is your favorite comic book character and why?
Which is the best earphone under 1000?	Which is the best earphone under 1000rs?
Are there any books that always make you cry?	Are there any books that will make me cry?
What are some cliche post-apocalyptic safehouses? What are the underused ones?	What are some cliche post apocalyptic safehouses? And what are some under used ones?
How can I reduce fat from right side of face ?	What is the best way to reduce face fat?
How can I get rid of my acne?	How do I get rid of scalp acne?
Why is breaking a mirror considered of bad luck?	Why is breaking a mirror considered to be bad luck?
How do I forget someone whom I really love?	How can I forget someone whom I loved so deeply?
Obesity: Do saunas help you lose weight?	Do saunas help lose weight? Why or why not?
What should I do if I have the flu?	What should one do when having a flu?
Which are the best institutes for Civil Services Coaching in Hyderabad?	Which is the best institution for IAS in Hyderabad?
What is the best moment of your life so far?	Can you describe the best moment in your life?
What is it like to be a child with diabetes?	What's a typical day like for a child or teen with type 1 diabetes?
How long do you boil crab legs?	How do you cook frozen king crab legs? For how long should you do it?
What is quantity survey?	What is Quantity Surveying?
How does a rocket work?	How do sky rockets work?
What's the difference between "for" and "to"?	What's the difference between to and for?
How do people make websites?	How do make a website?
What are some good TV series to watch for learning spoken English?	What is the best TV series for learning English?
Is the chaotic nature of a strongly interacting dark matter responsible for the Casimir effect?	Is curved spacetime the state of displacement of the strongly interacting dark matter which fills ‘empty’ space?
How does one start a hedge Fund?	How do you start your own hedge fund? How do you explain the concept of this business model to prospects who may not know better?
What does one grey tick mean in WhatsApp?	Why has there been one tick on WhatsApp?
What is a web crawler?	What is crawler?
What novel has had the biggest impact on your life?	Which novel changed your life?
What is the reason behind firing of Cyrus Mistry from TATA group?	What are the prospect reasons of Cyrus Mistry being fired by TATA sons?
What are the best GATE coaching centers for electrical engineering stream in Bangalore?	What is the best institute for GATE Coaching in Banglore for the electrical stream?
How do I make $1000 extra dollars?	How can I make an extra $2000 this month?
What did Tom Clancy die of?	How and where did Tom Clancy die?
If Bernie sanders won the nominee would he have beaten trump?	Would Bernie Sanders have beat Donald Trump?
What do you do when you are angry?	What do you usually do when you get angry?
How can I get better grades in school?	How can one get better grades?
Who is a refugee?	What is a refugee?
Why are handicraft popular?	Are handcraft popular?
Who are the patriots who left their country to settle abroad?	Who are some patriots who left their to country to settle abroad?
What is the difference between a militant and a terrorist?	What is the difference between militants and terrorists?
How can I invest in startups?	How can I invest in a startup?
How do I get rid of a paranoid?	How do I get rid of the paranoid attitude?
How do I enhance my English?	How can I continue to improve my English?
How can I get a job in TCS?	How do I get a placement in TCS?
Does throwing up help you lose weight?	How can you make yourself throw up to lose weight?
How long will it take for India to become a cashless economy?	How can India become cashless?
Will there be a nuclear war between India and Pakistan?	What will happen if India and Pakistan gets into war and who will win?
What will happen to Indo-US relations if Hillary Clinton becomes US President?	Which US presidential candidate would be in best interest of India: Hillary Clinton or Donald Trump?
How do you get rid of acne scars on your chest?	How can I get rid of pimples all over my face?
How can I put up my profile photo on my Quora?	How do I change profile picture in Quora?
Who viewed my video on Instagram?	How can I see who viewed my instagram?
What would the world be like if humans didn't need to sleep?	Where would humans be if we didn't need sleep?
What is the best career in India?	What's best career in India?
What are some good house party themes for college?	What are some good house party themes?
How can I clear my acne?	How can I cure my hormonal acne?
How do you know if someone has blocked you on snapchat?	How do you know if you are blocked on Snapchat?
How can we check counterfeit 2000 ₹ and 500 ₹ notes?	What guarantees are there that the new 500 and 2000 INR can't be duplicated given the quality of the notes?
Where can I buy warehouses?	Where can I buy warehouse?
How will Donald Trump's presidency affect international students?	What would be the effect of Trump's presidency on international Master's students who plan to work in the US after completing the degree?
How do you start making money?	How can I make my money make money?
How can I reduce my belly without doing exercise?	How can I reduce my belly and hips fat without doing exercise?
What are the best natural supplements for depression?	What nutritional supplements are the best for fighting depression?
How can I increase the traffic to a website?	How can I Increase the traffic of my blog?
Why cells are generally small in size? Any Biological explaination?	Why are cells small? Why do they have to remain small in size?
What are the safety precautions on handling shotguns proposed by the NRA in Rhode Island?	What are the safety precautions on handling shotguns ?
How can I choose the best technologies for my web application?	What are the best technologies for a web application?
What was the main cause that ended World War One?	What was the immediate cause of the First World War?
Why do we need reservation in India?	Is there any need for reservation in India?
What are some of the main properties of a trapezium?	What are the main and most basic properties of a trapezium?
Does Quora pays you if you get more views on your answers?	Does Quora pay you if you get more views on your answers?
How is it to live by yourself?	How do you live with yourself?
What are the good career option after b.tech in electrical engineering from an NIT?	What is the best career option for an electrical engineer?
How do you know your wife has reached orgasm?	How can I know or be sure my wife really had an orgasm?
What is an aqueous solution?	What is an aqueous liquid?
What is it called when someone believes in a God or a "higher power" but refuses to follow them?	What is it called when someone believes in a God or a "higher power" but refuses to follow Him/Her/It?
Can I go back in time?	Can we turn back time?
What would happen if Trump and Pence both died right now before being sworn into office?	What would happen if Trump and Pence dies before inauguration day?
Is the Wi-Fi harmful for human body?	Are wireless signals (e.g. Bluetooth and Wi-Fi) harmful to the human body?
As a fresher How can I be the penetration tester?	What is the way to become a penetration tester?
How can I search job in networking?	How can I get job in networking?
How do I forget someone I was deeply in love?	How can I train my mind to forget someone I love?
Should I pursue my dream or my parents?	Should I pursue my dream or follow my parents?
How do we know the purpose of our life?	How should I know my purpose of life?
Which is the best time to visit Kashmir?	When is best time to visit Kashmir?
How do I make a long distance relationship successful?	Have you had a successful long distance relationship and how did you make it work?
What are the best ways to improve writing skills?	How could I improve my writing skill?
What is your favorite sports car?	What is your favorite sports car? Why?
What are your favorite Linux distros?	What is your favorite Linux distro and why?
What are the easiest way to make money online?	What are the easiest ways to make good money online?
Is there any way to Get Free Coins for Pokemon Go?	How do get free Poké coins?
What are the natural lakes in Texas and why are there so few of them?	Why are there so few natural lakes in Texas?
Which was your best moment in life?	What are your best moments of life?
What is the trick to maintaining long distance relationships?	How can long distance relationships be successful?
How does one write a Python library?	I want to write a python library for my work. What are the proper steps?
Why are so many people opposed to suicide?	Why are people against suicide?
How can we improve our reflexes?	How can I improve my reflexes?
How did Jayalalithaa die?	How did Jayalalitha die? Is it a mystery?
Why can't India get more medals in Olympics?	Why India is big loser in Olympics?
Why didn’t RBI introduce the plastic currency in India with the new 500 and 2000 notes?	Why isn't India using polymer currency notes?
What's the best sexual experience you have had?	What's the best sex you have ever had?
What's good song for a best friend lyric prank?	What is a good song to lyric prank your best friend?
How I can speak English with fluency?	What can I do to improve my English speaking?
Is the United States a Republic or a Democracy?	Is the United States of America a republic or a democracy?
What are the abiotic factors in a forest ecosystem?	What are some abiotic factors that are commonly found in a forest?
What's the difference between 4G and 4G LTE?	What is difference between 4G and LTE?
How do you teach and guide a child to value and respect time?	How do you teach a child the value of time and not to procrastinate?
How do I make a weibo in the phillipines?	How can I make a Weibo account in the Philippines?
What is tensile stress and how is it calculated?	How do you calculate tensile strength?
Which Indian politicians are on Quora?	How many Indian politicians are on Quora?
Does ghost really exist?	Do ghosts really exist?
Why did Blu-ray become the adopted format over HD DVD?	How did Blu-Ray win the battle with HD DVD?
How can I stop my dog from chewing my shoes?	How do I stop my Husky/Border Collie puppy from chewing my socks?
Where are the origins of Ayurved?	Where are the origins of Ayurveda?
How many lines of code does Quora have?	How many lines of code is Quora?
How can I participate in group discussion?	How do I prepare for group discussion?
What are the top mobile app development companies in Bangalore?	Which is the best in Mobile app development companies in Bangalore?
Is it a good idea to buy a used car from a car rental agency?	Is it ok to buy a used rental car?
Is it good to have sex before a marriage?	Is it fine to have sex before marriage?
What is the best diet plan for fitness?	What is the best diet plan to be fit?
Would Donald Trump be a good president?	Why will Donald Trump be a good president?
What is the biggest lie you've ever told?	What are some of the biggest lies ever told or heard by you?
Is there Wi-Fi on airplanes?	How does in-flight Wi-Fi work?
What is blogging and how can I start my own blog?	How can we start our own blogs?
How can one remain positive throughout?	How can I remain positive?
What are the life changing books that everyone should read?	Which books have changed your life completely (even a little)?
Will starving yourself make you lose weight?	Should I starve myself to lose weight?
How can an introvert becomes extrovert?	How do I stop being an introvert and become an extrovert?
How do i get myself a girlfriend?	How do I get a girlfriend?
How would you describe yourself in just three words?	How can you describe yourself in 3 words?
Is time travel possible after the discovery of gravitational waves?	How is time travel possible?
How do I remove light scratches from car?	What are tips for scratch removal from a car?
How much do we understand time?	How much do we actually know about time?
How can I increase the organic traffic of my website?	What should be my action plan to increase free traffic to my website?
How can one burn off pounds of body fat?	How do I burn fat?
What will David Cameron do after he relinquishes his job as Prime Minister?	What will David Cameron do after his resignation?
How can you calculate tensile stress?	What is tensile stress and how is it calculated?
Are police in the UK permitted to exceed the speed limit without use of their siren / blues?	Are police cars allowed to travel above the speed limit without lights and sirens operating?
What series should I watch after Suits and The Mentalist?	What TV show should I watch after Sherlock and Suits?
What do you think of Islam?	What you think about Islam?
Has history been scientifically tested?	Have Ancient Akkadians been scientifically tested?
What effects will Andrew Cuomo's visit to Cuba in 2015 have on Cuba and the U.S.?	What effects will Andrew Cuomo's visit to Cuba in 2015 have on diplomacy between Cuba and the U.S.?
Is Quora better than Google?	Is Quora better than Google for answers?
What were the main causes of World War 1 and what were the consequences for the countries involved?	What were the most influential political causes of World War I?
What are some safe ways to lose 100 pounds in a week?	What are some safe ways to lose 20 pounds in 1 day?
How do I improve sarcasm?	How can I improve my sarcasm skills?
What is the difference between multiple alleles and polygenes?	What is the difference between inheritance by multiple alleles and polygenic inheritance? How are they similar?
What do you think about Fantastic Beasts?	Did you like fantastic beasts?
How can I block Hillary Clinton on Quora?	How do I block someone in Quora?
How much will it cost for studying MS in Germany?	How much does it cost for an MS in mechanical in Germany in 2016 -2018 in INR?
How do i overcome shyness while talking to girls?	How do I overcome my shyness towards girls?
How do I erase my profile on Quora?	How do I delete my account at Quora?
What happens when two "Black holes" come closer and collide?	What will happen if two black holes collide?
What are the best ways to improve my English because I'm not good in English?	How can I improve my spoken English ability?
What are the skills required for hedge fund jobs?	What skills do I need to work at a hedge fund?
Which is the best book for data structures in java?	Which is the best book for data structure in Java?
Why do Indians keep asking questions about what other nationalities think about them?	Why are Indians so obsessed about what people from other countries think about India?
Why are Native Americans protesting the Dakota Access Pipeline?	What exactly is the problem with the Dakota Access pipeline?
What are some mind blowing technology tools that most people don't know?	What are some mind blowing things that people don't know exist?
Is Donald Hoffman’s interface theory of perception proved?	Do you have any opinion about Donald Hoffman's interface theory of perception?
Which are the best SEO companies in Delhi?	Which are the best companies for search engine optimization in Delhi?
Does Quora means" question or answer"?	What Quora mean?
How can I tell if she likes me?	How do I tell if she likes me?
What do the foreign countries think of Indian Armed Forces?	What do the foreigners think of Indian Armed Forces?
How do I answer a question anonymously in Quora?	How do you answer an question on Quora in Anonymous?
How does gas change to solid?	How does a gas change to a solid?
What are homophones and some examples of homophones in the English language?	What are examples of homophones and what do they mean?
How does crowdfunding work?	How does the crowdfunding system work?
How do I prepare for the 10th class ICSE board?	What is the best way to prepare for ICSE board exams?
What are the similarities and differences between photosynthesis and cellular respiration?	What is the difference between respiration and cellular respiration?
What is it like to date a celebrity?	How does it feel like to date a celebrity?
How automation is making us lazy?	How automation is making the generation more lazy?
How good is the new android Lollipop?	What is your review of Android Lollipop?
How do lose weight with healthy way?	How do I lose fats and excessive weight from body?
How it will the latest change in the denominations of Rs. 500 and 1000 affect the economy?	How can the ban of 500 and 1000 rupee notes increase the Indian economy?
What is the difference between a beta particle and an electron?	What is the difference between an electron and a beta particle?
Why is Manaphy anxious in Pokémon Ranger and the Temple of the Sea?	Why is Manaphy always panicking in Pokemon ranger and the temple of the sea?
Why doesn't it matter what people think of you?	Why does it matter to you what people think about you?
What's the best way to learn general programming?	Is there a way to learn programming language quickly? How can I do it?
What is the funniest joke you've ever heard or read?	Tell a joke that the funniest you have heard?
Why do dogs like to smell other dogs' butts?	Why do cats and dogs smell each other's butts?
How can I prepare for GATE 2017 without coaching?	How do I prepare for GATE 2017 without coaching?
Could a brain transplant be possible within our lifetime?	Is brain transplant really possible?
How can I increase my vocabulary?	How can I improve my English vocabulary?
What should be my strategy to crack the IBPS PO exam in 3 months?	What are some preparation tips for the IBPS PO exam within 4 months?
How do I make India as corruption free?	What steps can be taken to make Municipal Corporations more efficient and corruption free?
What is the best site to download books?	What is the best site for e-book download?
How is black money curbed with the ban of 1000 rupee notes and introducing new 500 and 2000 rupee notes?	How would demonetizing 500 and 1000 rupee notes and introducing new 2000 rupee notes help curb black money and corruption?
How can I become intellectually creative?	How can one become intellectually creative?
PTE Vs IELTS - Which is easier in terms of preparation?	Is IELTS or pte easier?
Where can I get an expert painter in Brisbane?	Where can I found expert painters in Brisbane?
Which are the best books for SSC CGL Tier 2 preparation?	Which books should I refer to for SSC CGL Tier 2?
How do you describe today's parents?	How do you describe today's parenting?
How can a skinny guy gain weight and develop a fit body?	How can a skinny guy get a fit physique?
How do I improve my skin tone?	How do I improve my skin tone incredibly?
Why is the caste system in India still followed?	Why does the caste system exist in India even after 7 decades of Independence?
What is the best time to visit Kerala and what are the places to visit in a span of 8 days?	What are the best places to visit in Kerala? What is the best way of transportation there?
How do you recover from an emotionally abusive and manipulative relationship?	How do you recover from an emotionally abusive relationship?
How can you define life in single words?	How do you define life in a single word?
Why do empty vessels make the most noise?	Why do empty vessels make more noise?
How can i learning programming?	Where should I start to learn programming?
Are there any other websites like Quora?	What are the similar website to Quora?
What are the best movies of 2016?	What are your top 10 favourite movies of 2016?
What are the things that we can do to bring change in Indian education system?	How can Indian Education system be reformed?
What are some examples of leading edge technology?	What are some example of leading edge technologies?
What are ways to commit suicide?	What are some painless ways to commit suicide?
Is it safe to visit Pakistan as a Jew with a non-Israeli passport?	Is Pakistan a safe country for tourists?
How can I lose an extreme amount of weight?	What is the fastest possible way to lose weight?
What are the methods to avoid pregnancy?	What are the best ways to avoid an accidental pregnancy?
Is Elon Musk a visionary?	Is Elon Musk a visionary or just a crazy man?
How is everyone doing today?	How is everyone today?
Which is the best website for online study of mechanical engineering?	Which is the best website for mechanical engineering students?
How do I find out whose name belongs to a cell number?	How do you find out who a phone or cell phone number belongs to?
What is the best way to monetize user generated video content?	What's the best way to monetize user-generated content?
How many faithless electors are there right now to stop Trump from becoming president?	How many faithless electors are there are right to stop Trump from becoming president?
What is the most important decision you have made in your life?	What was the most important decision you made in your life?
Which is the best smartphone by look under Rs 15000?	What's the best stock android smartphone under 15k?
How do I make a price comparison site in WordPress?	Can I make a price comparison website using WordPress?
How did Donald Trump win your vote?	Why did American people elect Donald Trump as their president?
How do I use copyrighted images legally for blogging?	Can I use Google images in my website?
How do I sell properties?	How do I sell a property?
Where's the weirdest place you've masturbated?	Where is the strangest place you've ever masturbated?
How do I make a rocket?	How do you make a DIY rocket that works?
How can you fix a leaking garbage disposal?	How do I fix a leaky garbage disposal?
Can I replace an Instagram photo without reposting?	Can I edit a photo on Instagram (like putting a border) without having to repost it?
How do I lose body fat in two weeks?	How can I lose fat in 2 weeks?
How can I control my emotions and actions?	I am an introvert. How can I control my emotions in a better way?
How can I slowly lose weight?	I'm 12 and at 60 kg and about 144 cm how do I lose weight?
Is space time and dimensions created or caused by energy?	Can energy create space time and dimensions?
What is your opinion on PM Narendra Modi's decision to ban INR 500 and INR 1000 notes?	What are the possible implications of Demonetization of 500 and 1000 rupee notes?
Is Theory of Everything by Albert Einstein exist?	What happened to Albert Einstein's theory of everything?
What are the best career options for electrical engineer who is interested in construction field?	What are career options in construction domain after graduation in electrical engineering?
How can I become a research assistant?	How can I work as a research assistant?
What do people think of new MacBook Pro with Touch Bar?	What do you think of the new MacBook Pro Apple announced in 2016?
What are the features of mongodb?	What is the features of MongoDB?
Why do sometimes we get double vision?	Why does one get double vision sometimes?
who are the best Online Cake Delivery In Bangalore?	Which is the best site in Bangalore to place an online order for a cake?
Do animals do masturbating?	Do animals masturbate?
How can one prepare for the ICSE 10th board examination?	How Can I prepare for Class 10th Board Examinations ICSE?
How did your parents react when they came to know that you lost your virginity?	How did your parents react when they found out about you losing virginity?
Who do you think will be the next US president?	Who will be the next american president?
Should the education system be changed in India? If so why or why not?	Do we need to change the  education system of India? If yes then why?
What's the material used to cook meth?	How exactly does someone cook meth?
What are chances of another war between India and Pakistan?	Will there really be any war between India and Pakistan over the Uri attack? What will be its effects?
What is the Nuclear Non-Proliferation Treaty?	Non proliferation treaty?
How honest is too honest when it comes to relationships/friendships/successful career?	How honest is too honest?
What are some things I could do when I'm bored or just want to relax?	What creative things can you do when you are bored at home?
What is more likely to happen than Donald Trump becoming president?	What dramatic changes will happen in the world if Donald Trump becomes president?
What are some books that everybody should read?	What books should everyone read?
How can I slowly lose weight?	What is a good diet to lose weight?
Banks: How do I close an HDFC bank account?	I want to close my recently opened HDFC bank account . Can I do it online?
What's the difference between "Hemp" and "Cannabis/Marijuana"?	What is the difference between marijuana and hemp?
How can I find the luxury hotel in Bhopal?	How can I know about the luxury hotel in Bhopal?
Where can I buy trendy wholesale sunglasses?	Where can I buy wholesale sunglasses?
What are the reset steps for a Gmail password reset?	How do I reset a Gmail password?
How many astronauts have seen an UFO? Is there a list of them?	Have astronauts ever seen aliens?
How do I stop my dog from humping my furniture?	How do you stop a Rottweiler/Pitbull mix from humping your furniture?
What is the difference between product design and industrial design?	How product design (software) and product design (physical goods) are different?
Why does the earth rotate on its axis?	Why the earth rotates on its axis?
How does modernization and dependency theory differ?	How is the dependency theory different from modernization theory?
What are some good ways to clean ears?	What is the best way to clean ears?
What is your new year resolution for 2017 or goal for 2017?	What should be my resolution for 2017?
What should I expect as a freshman in college?	What can I expect for freshman year in college?
What can be the future of Kashmir?	What will be the future of Kashmir?
What would be the best resources and ways for a 15 year old to learn programming?	Where should I start to learn programming?
What is a way to make money online?	What are the various ways through which one can earn money online?
Should I study Physics or Engineering?	Should I go into physics or engineering?
Is Lalu Prasad Yadav a genius politician or a joker?	Is Lalu Prasad Yadav a comedian in Indian politics?
Is law school worth it?	Is Law School worth attending?
How do I market my software product?	How do I market a software product?
Could space mining create infnite wealth?	Could space mining create infinite wealth?
Are the orbits of the planets synchronized on the same plane?	Why are most planet orbits in our solar system on relatively the same 2D plane?
How should you introduce yourself in an interview?	How can I introduce myself in an interview?
What do Indian muslims think of Pakistani muslims?	What do Indian Muslims think of Pakistani and Bangladeshi Muslims?
How can I quit chewing tobacco?	What is the easiest way to quit chewing tobacco?
What are good workouts to lose belly fat?	How get can I rid of belly fat?
What is the best way to pay attention in a boring class?	How do you pay attention during a boring class?
How do you view the Indian government's decision to fight "black money" by scrapping 500 rupee and 1000 rupee notes?	Do you think Indian governments decision to demonetize the 500 and 1000 rupee note is a sudden action?
What is the most memorable incident of your life?	What is the most memorable incident/event of your life?
What is the best lesson life has taught you?	What is the best lesson that life has taught you?
My palms keep on sweating all day. How do I stop it?	How do I stop my palms from sweating a lot at random times?
What will happen if a nuclear bomb is detonated in space?	What happens if a nuclear bomb is detonated in space?
What are your favorite flower?	What is your favourite flower?
What does Trump's victory mean for Canada?	What impact will Trump's presidency have on Canada?
How do I change a QQ WeChat password?	How do I reset my WeChat password?
What will the economic impact of India banning all Chinese imports?	Can India ban Chinese manufactured goods?
If I deposite 2 lkck in my saving account so what will be interest?	If I deposite 2 lack in my saving account so what I charge interest?
I had sex with two uncircumcised men. Is it better to ride a circumcised dick?	Sex with Uncircumcised and Circumcised Men: Is There a Difference?
What causes bad breath?	What is the best way to avoid bad breath?
How can I promote my YouTube channel if my content is different?	How can I promote my YouTube channel?
How can we control anger?	What can one do to control his/her anger?
What does Alon Amit think of the 3Blue1Brown maths videos?	What do mathematicians on Quora think of the 3Blue1Brown maths videos?
Can Donald Trump win this Tuesday?	Does Donald Trump have any chance of winning the forthcoming election?
How do you deal with existential depression?	How do I overcome existential depression?
What is OCD? What is the treatment?	What are the treatments for OCD?
Which companies (basically who deals in software development) in the UK provides VISA sponsorship?	Which companies in the UK give Indian Java Developer visa sponsorship?
Why can't a body move faster than the speed of light?	Why can't anything go faster than light?
How do I prepare ink for inkjet printer?	How do I prepare ink at home for inkjet printer?
How should I get my startup funded?	How can I get funding for my startups?
Do you believe in free will?	Do you believe in free will or determinism?
How do I get an internship from Google?	How can one get an internship at google?
What songs make you cry?	Which songs did make you cry ever?
What's your New Year's resolution for 2017?	What's are your resolutions for 2017?
How does a long distance relationship work?	How will long distance relationship work?
What do you want in your life?	What you want to do in your life?
How do become a super Saiyan?	How can I become a Super Saiyan?
How do I recover lost deleted history on Google Chrome?	Can history be retrieved after deleting Google chrome?
What is the best phone under 10k in India?	Which is best phone under 10000?
How do I cure my scalp psoriasis permanently?	How do I treat scalp psoriasis permanently?
What is the name of the music playing in the background of bosley hair commercials?	What is the name of the music playing in the background of the bosley hair commercials?
Is datascience course easy to learn?	Is datascience easy to learn?
What does surgical strike mean?	What is a surgical strike?
What are the best project management books?	What are the best books on Project Management?
What could be the best idea for a startup?	What will be the best idea for startup?
Which are some of the best web series to watch?	What are the best web series to watch?
Is it actually possible to travel through time?	Is time travel possible in next 5 years?
What's the cause of ww1?	What was the cause of WW1?
Can we love two person at the same time?	Can you be in love with more than one person at the same time? Should you be?
Why is a video not showing on YouTube and how can I fix this?	Why is my computer unable to play YouTube videos? How can I fix it?
Can exes ever truly be friends?	Can exes ever be just friends?
Which mobile phone is the best under 15k?	What is the best phone I can buy under the price of 15000?
What type of government does Guatemala have? How does it compare to those in other countries?	What type of government does Guatemala have? How does it compare to the one in Argentina?
How does one intelligently ask questions?	How can I learn to ask good questions?
Can a brain transplant be done?	Could a brain transplant be possible within our lifetime?
How can I reduce or eliminate social anxiety?	What are good ways to reduce social anxiety?
How can I stop masturbating daily?	How can one stop masturbating for good?
Which is the best laptop under 70000 Rupees?	What is the best laptop to buy in and around 70000 rupees?
What are survival instincts?	What is a survival instinct?
Who are the biggest influencers in the 'investment' niche?	Who are the biggest influencers in the 'Investing' niche?
Do long distance relationships work?	How do we can remain satisfied in a long distance relationship?
Is NASA's moon landing a hoax?	Is the moon landing fake because the astronaut suits are different in the images?
Why do people ask questions on Quora instead of Googling it?	Why do some people ask questions on Quora that could easily be answered by using a search engine?
How do I actually go about losing weight?	How do I actually lose weight?
How did the universe look like before the Big Bang?	What was there before universe was born?
What is your most life-changing experience?	What was your most life changing experience?
Who is preparing speeches for Rahul Ghandi?	Who prepares speeches for Rahul Ghandi?
Medicine and Healthcare: How can I prevent a stroke?	How can I prevent myself from having a stroke?
Why do moons affect tides?	What is the relationship between the moon and tides? How do tides affect the moon?
How is dick short for Richard?	How did Dick become a synonym for Richard?
Can I earn money online?	How could I make money online?
I'm 18. How can I make money online?	How could I make money online?
What are some of the best self help books out there?	Which is the best self help book you've ever read?
Is anal sex dangerous or unhealthy?	Is anal sex is safe?
What's the most erotic feature film you have seen?	What is the most erotic movie?
When will be the end of the world and why?	What is the end of this world?
Is time travel possible and if yes can we travel only in past or future or both?	Is time travel already possible on Earth?
Why is Lady Gaga so famous?	Why is Lady Gaga so popular?
What do Pakistanis think of Burhan Wani?	What do Pakistanis think about Burhan wani?
What makes people lose interest in Quora?	Why do people lose interest in Quora?
How do stock exchanges function?	How stock exchange help?
What's the best way to learn playing guitar?	What is the best way to learn to play the guitar by myself?
Which mobile phone should I buy under Rs.15000?	Which phone is best under 15k?
What happens when a man loves a woman?	What does a man do when he loves a woman?
What are the uses of MS Excel?	What is the best use for MS excel?
How do I lose weight and reduce my waist quickly?	What is the easiest way to lose weight faster?
How do I build a focus and work ethic like Elon Musk?	How can I train myself to focus and be work ethic like Elon Musk?
Why did Hong Kong's movies and TV series go into decline after a golden age in the 20th century?	What happened to Hong Kong movies and TV drama? Why did they decline so much?
How can I install a cracked version of Microsoft Office 2013?	How can I install Microsoft Office 2013?
If I live in NYC but work on Long Island do I have to pay city income tax?	If I live in NYC but work outside the city do I have to pay city income tax?
What are the good universities offering data science master's in Australia?	What are some good universities in Australia offering data science/big data related courses?
Is it a good idea to buy a certified car (less than 30K miles) from a car rental company?	Is it a good idea to buy a used car from a car rental agency?
How many days should I be on diet to loose my belly fat and get six pack abs?	What combination of diet and exercise tips can result in losing belly fat and building six pack abs?
How can I find my all Gmail accounts?	How can I get a list of my Gmail addresses?
Can you trust someone that use Meth?	Can you trust people using crystal meth?
How can one become emotionally and mentally strong in life?	What is a way to become mentally stable and strong?
Will Hillary Clinton trigger WW3?	Is there any indication that Hillary Clinton will start a major war?
Why are girl and women so sensitive about age?	Why are women so sensitive regarding their age?
Is Annie Clark from St. Vincent a pansexual?	Is Annie Erin Clark from St. Vincent a pansexual?
What are the fastest ways to increase height?	How could I increase my height?
What knowledge should one have to create an operating system?	How can I create an operating system?
Who is your favourite non-fiction author?	Which is your favourite non-fiction author?
What was the universe before Big Bang?	Did matter exist before the big bang?
What if money didn't matter?	What would you do if money didn't matter?
What are your new year resolutions for 2017?	What's your resolutions for 2017?
Why are edit and delete options in Facebook followed by "…"?	Why are the edit and delete option in Facebook followed by "…"?
How should I improve my english communication skills?	What should I do to improve my English ?
What are your top 5 favorite American TV series?	What is your favorite American TV series?
How is Donald Trump winning?	Why did Donald Trump win the 2016 American election?
Does dreams have any meaning?	Why do we dream? Do dreams have meanings?
What should good education be like?	What is good education?
What should be my resolution for 2017?	What will be your New Year's resolution for 2017?
What are some of the amazing facts about New Zealand?	What are the amazing facts about New Zealand?
When is a mathematical series called a Convergent series?	What is a convergent series?
Why's doing something and watching always different?	Why's watching and doing always different?
How do univariate and multivariate statistics differ?	How do univariate and multivariate statistics compare?
Laziness: What's the laziest thing you've ever done?	What is the thing you've done that can make you the laziest person in the world?
Is it okay to ask question and also answer to it on Quora?	Can anyone post a questions and answer themselves in Quora?
What does data analytics mean?	What is data analytics?
What are some good blogs on Quora?	What are some good blogs to follow on Quora?
Can I find or track my lost mobile device using the IMEI number?	How can I find my lost device with imei number?
How does one become a mercenary?	How do I become a mercenary?
What are mechanical engineer seminar topics?	Which are mechanical seminar topics?
How do you deal with bullies at school?	How should I deal with bullies at school?
Where does the vice president of the USA live?	Why does the vice president live in the White House?
How do I crack the CA final exam?	How should I prepare for CA final law?
Why did Tata Sons removed/sacked Cyrus Mistry as the chairman?	Why was Cyrus Mistry removed from the chairmanship of Tata Sons?
What is the best Mma gym in Delhi?	What are some good mma gyms in delhi?
What should be the radius of a planet so that we can notice the curvature of its surface while standing on it?	How small would a planet need to be to plainly see curvature with the naked eye while standing on its surface?
Which is the best way to learn hacking just as a hobby?	How do I learn hacking from beginner?
What's the worst job you have had?	What is the worst job you have ever had?
How do I get to use more than 300 characters when asking questions on Quora?	Why can’t I add more than 300 characters and some can on Quora?
What are your thought's on Jon Snow's possible real name?	What could be the real name of Jon Snow in GOT?
What should I do if my Acer monitor isn't turning on?	How can I fix my Acer monitor that is not turning on?
What are the factors that determines the demand of washing machine detergent?	What are the factors that determine the demand of a washing machine detergent?
What is the difference between trader and investor?	What is the difference between a trader and investor?
Is Israel an apartheid state? What are the facts that prove or disprove this opinion?	Is Israel an apartheid state?
What are some best books to prepare for IBPS PO?	What are the best books for IBPS PO?
Is Karl Marx's contribution to our understanding of society as important as many argue it is?	What is the contribution of Marxism to our understanding of society?
Can Pakistan be declared a terrorist nation? How will it benefit India?	What will happen if Pakistan is declared as a terrorist state?
What are the best poems on women you have come across?	What are some of the best poems that you have come across?
What is the dumbest thing the U.S. government has ever done?	What is the dumbest thing the U.S government has ever done?
How do I apply for a PAN card online?	How do I apply for pan card (lost)?
Can Trump repeal laws that allow gay marriages?	Will gay marriage be overturned with Donald Trump as President?
How do I deal with the jealousy?	How do people deal with jealousy?
How do I learn algorithms quickly?	How do I learn algorithm?
What are the downsides of requiring police to wear body cameras?	Why shouldn't police officers wear body cameras?
How do I decrease poor eye sight?	How do I get better eye sight?
What is the best city in the U.S. to move to?	Which is the best city to live in united states?
What are some sad indie songs?	What are some good sad indie rock song?
How can I grow taller fast?	How do I grow taller in a hurry?
What should I know to get into GSoC?	How should I prepare for GSoC?
How accurate is the Myers-Briggs personality test?	How accurately do Myers-Briggs personality test results describe a person?
Where are happy endings in Brooklyn?	Where can I find a happy ending in Brooklyn?
Is there a difference between snacking preferences in movie theaters while watching horror movies in comparison with comedies?	Is a difference between snacking preferences in movie theaters while watching horror movies in comparison with comedies?
How will black money and corruption be stopped by banning 500 and 1000 notes?	How does banning 500 & 1000 rupee notes solve black money problem?
What are all the things I must know or do as a 1st-year student of mechanical engineering?	I am in 1st year of mechanical engineering.What are the things I must learn to be the best in it?
What is the sole purpose of our existence?	What do you think is the purpose of our existence?
What kind of tool do you use to measure volume?	What instrument is used to measure volume?
How can you improve your communication skill?	What should I do improve my communication skill?
How do I remove the dry scalp or dandruff permanently?	How do I remove dandruff permanently?
What celestial objects can be watched using a 40mm telescope?	What celestial objects can be seen with a 40mm telescope?
Is it possible to clear the CAT if I start preparing from today?	Will I be able to clear CAT if I start preparing from today onwards?
Who are the likely Democrats to run in the 2020 Presidential primaries?	Who do you think is the Democrat most likely to win a Presidential election in 2020 or 2024?
What are so sociological examples of assimilation?	What are some examples of assimilation in sociology?
How can I start my startup?	How/can I start a startup alone?
What is the recipe for Pizza Hut's marinara sauce?	How does Pizza Hut make their marinara sauce? What is the recipe?
Where can I find best quality wall putty for my house?	Where can I find best quality wall putty?
Is "The Abominable Bride" set in the same timeline as the original Sherlock?	What do you deduce from "The Abominable Bride"? Is the original story set in modern England or in Victorian England as given in Doyle's novels?
How do I reset my Gmail Password?	How can I reset the password for my Gmail account?
Can people actively control their emotions?	How do smart and successful people control their emotions?
How can one improve his writing skills?	How can I improve my story writing skills?
How do I study more efficiently on tough subjects?	How can I study faster and more efficiently?
Why did Tata Sons removed/sacked Cyrus Mistry as the chairman?	Why did the Tata Sons sacked Cyrus Mistry?
What is best software for documentation?	Which is the best software for documentation?
How does one get longer penis erection during sex?	How can I stay erect during sex?
How does starving help to lose weight?	Would starving yourself make you lose weight faster?
Will Google buy Quora? Why or why not?	Will Google buy Quora?
Is it bad to ask questions on Quora that you already know the answer to (for the sake of other people wondering the same question)?	Should I feel guilty for asking questions on Quora that I already know the answer to?
What 's your favorite book?	Which is your favorite book?
Which mobile phone is the best under 15k?	Which phone should I buy under 15k?
What's the best place to learn differential equations online?	What are the best books to learn differential equations?
Which are some of the best horror movies of all time?	What some best horror movies?
Is it true that the new Rs. 2000 currency notes in India will have a nano GPS chip?	Is it real that new currency note in India will have GPS chips?
What is the ideal way of loosing weight?	What is the fastest possible way to lose weight?
How Do I get traffic on website?	How can I increase traffic on my blog?
Where can I found long-lasting fire shutters in Sydney?	Where can I get best quality fire-resistant roller shutters in Sydney?
What is the best answer of "why should I hire you"?	How would you answer the question "Why should we hire you”?
How would humans behave if the existence of god was proven?	How would the world react if hypothetically the existence of God was scientifically proven?
How can I improve my story writing skills?	How do I improve my writing?
Is there any popular service similar to Quora?	What are the similar website to Quora?
How can I get a list of my Gmail addresses?	How do I find my list of GMail addresses?
What do you think about Donald Trump as republican president candidate?	What do you think of Donald Trump as a Presidential candidate?
Will Xinjian Uygur region of China become independent?	Will Xinjiang ever become independent?
What would happen if I write in my statement of purpose (apply for PhD) that I'd like to become a researcher in some industries instead of an academic staff?	What if I write in my statement of purpose (apply for PhD) that I'd like to become a researcher in some industries instead of an academic staff?
What are periscopes used for ?	Where and how are periscopes used?
How can one recover lost data from mobile?	How can I recover my lost data in phone?
What are your views on Modi governments decision to demonetize 500 and 1000 rupee notes? How will this affect economy?	What do you think of the decision by the Indian government to demonetize 500 and 1000 rupee notes?
What is good investment for Chicago?	What the good investment in Chicago?
What are the effects of demonetisation on Indian economy?	How will demonetization affect India & Indian economy?
How can I recover deleted personal messages from instagram?	How can I get deleted messages from Instagram?
How do I find inspiration?	How can I find inspiration?
Should the capital of Kerala be shifted to Kozhikode or Kochi?	How is the selection of Thiruvanathapuram as the capital of Kerala justified?
Why do people ask questions on Quora that are easily to find answers too on Google?	Why do people ask Quora questions which can be answered easily by Google?
How do you submit a customer complaint to Sears?	How do you submit a customer complaint by email to Sears?
Did you ever feel like quitting Quora?	Have you ever considered quitting Quora and why?
Is it possible to run two operating systems on a Macbook?	Can I use two or more operating systems on a MacBook?
Does the PM Narendra Modi have the constitutional rights to invalidate the existing currency notes overnight?	What is the constitutional validity of a PM making the announcement and invalidating the currency notes of ₹500 and ₹1000?
How do I unlock my iPad?	What is the Apple ID password for an iPad?
What are some good laptop options below 25000?	Which laptop is best under 25000?
What is the historical evidence of the existence of Jesus Christ?	What is the evidence for and against historical Jesus?
Why is YouTube not playing on Google Chrome?	Why isn't Google Chrome playing YouTube videos?
How can I see who my boyfriend views on instagram?	Who has viewed my Instagram?
Is there any way to control your anger?	What are some quick ways to control your anger?
What will be the cut off of UPSC prelims 2016?	What is the cut off for UPSC prelims 2016?
What life lessons does Game of Thrones teach us?	What has Game of Thrones taught you?
What are wormholes? Do they really exist?	Do worm holes exist?
Is love real or just an illusion?	Is love an illusion?
How can I hack the others Facebook account?	How can I hack a Facebook account?
How do you feel to be a teacher?	How does it feel to be a teacher/professor?
Do you think India should revisit Indus Water Treaty with Pakistan?	Should India relook Indus water treaty?
How do I grow a beard fast?	How can I grow my beard faster and thicker?
Why did oil prices fall again in 2015?	Why did oil prices plummet in 2014 and 2015?
Is it safe to visit Lebanon?	Is it safe to travel to Beirut in Lebanon?
How can I learn digital marketing?	I want to learn Digital Marketing. Where do I start?
What were the most influential political causes of World War I?	What were the immediate and most important causes that led to World War 1?
What is the best way to start learning programming concepts and skills?	How do I start learning and practicing programming?
Is curved spacetime the state of displacement of the strongly interacting dark matter?	Are Einstein's gravitational wave and de Broglie's wave-particle duality wave both waves in the strongly interacting dark matter?
How can you make your skin lighter?	What can I do to make my skin whiter?
What is the definition of power electronics?	What is power electronics?
Why doesn't my boyfriend text me back?	Why doesn't my boyfriend reply to my texts?
Why did Americans choose Donald Trump for president?	Why did Americans choose Donald Trump as their president?
Do you have a favorite child and why?	Do you have a favorite child?
How do I become mentally stronger?	How do I become emotionally and mentally strong?
Who uses cryptography today?	Who uses cryptography?
What Is your New year resolutions in 2017?	Do you have any New Years resolutions for 2017?
Will the Americans actually vote Donald Trump?	Why should an average American Citizen vote for you rather than Donald Trump?
Is it possible to lose 20 pounds in a month?	Is it possible to lose 25 pound in 1 month?
How do I read all the parameters of my Lipid profile report? 	How do I read my Lipid profile report?
What do Spaniards think about Latin Americans?	How do Spaniards think about the Latin Americans?
What's the good name of a animation studio?	What would be the best name for an animation studio that makes books into movies?
How can I increase the traffic to a website?	How to increase my website Traffic?
What are some of the best romance films?	Which is the best romantic movie?
What happened in the Vietnam War and how did South Vietnam lose?	Why did South Vietnam lose? How come a democratic country lost against a dictatorship country?
How can I see who viewed my Instagram video?	Why can't I see views on my Instagram videos?
I am a mechanical engineer with no knowledge of programming. What is the best way to learn Python?	What is the best source to learn Python?
What's the best plan to lose weight?	How can I lose 4kg weight?
What is Silk Road?	What do you think about Silk Road?
What is the best place to learn surfing?	Where is the best place to learn to surf?
How do I earn money through a blog?	How can I earn money online by writing blogs?
Who are some of the best underrated actors in Bollywood?	Who is the most versatile but underrated actress in Bollywood?
How could I improve my writing skill?	How can I improve my writing skills to write advanced composition?
How will be the banning of 500 and 1000 rupees notes will have impact on real estate and Construction industry in India?	What will be the effect of banning 500 and 1000 notes on gold rate and real estate?
Which is the best app for learning English vocabulary?	Which is the best app to learn impressive English words?
Why Narendra Modi banned 500 and 1000 notes in India?	Was the decision by the Indian Government to demonetize 500 and 1000 notes right or is it a big scam?
How can I lose weight ?	How should I reduce weight easily?
How do I study at night?	How can I study at night?
Can we go to our home during Diwali as far as Shiv Nadar University is concerned or we have to stay there (i.e. compulsory to stay)?	Do students at Shiv Nadar University go home during diwali?
Why do people fear change?	Why are people afraid of change?
How do I learn to say no?	How can I learn to say no?
What are some good argument Augmented reality SDK and the benefits?	What is the best augmented reality SDK?
How long should I wait before blowing my nose after a septoplasty?	How long after a septoplasty can I blow my nose?
Why negative inflation is considered bad for economy?	Is negative inflation good?
What is the dark side of Mahabharata?	Does anyone know any dark secrets related to Mahabharata?
What are the functions of the cell membrane?	What are the functions of cell membranes?
What country has the best cuisine and why?	In your opinion which country has the best cuisine?
What is the act east policy?	What is act east policy?
How do I reduce my lower abdomen fat?	How can I reduce tummy fat?
How does our brain discern different wavelengths of light and turn them into color?	How does brain perceive color?
How the way to speak english fluently?	How can I speak English more fluently?
What are the best investment options available currently in India that would give a good assured return in the near future?	What are the best investment options in India?
What will be the situation during selection for a software company if the candidate is poor at communication skills?	Will you hire a good software engineer with poor communication skills?
How can I become a people person?	How do I become a more friendly person?
What's the best way to buy a good second hand car?	How do you buy a used car?
Which one is better? Canon or Nikon?	Which is best for portraits? Canon or Nikon?
Why Indian government abruptly announced the demonetization of 500 and 1000 rupees currency?	What do you think of abolishing 500 and 1000 Rupee Currency notes by the Indian Government?
Why can't most Indian men take no for an answer?	Why don't Indian men take no for an answer?
How can I earn money online without investment?	How do I earned big money even online without investment?
Why did Trump win the election?	How did Donald Trump win the 2016 Presidential Election?
How can I make money online consistently?	How can I earn money online from home only?
How much time does it take for activation of Jio SIM ?	How much time my Reliance Jio 4G SIM card will take to get activated?
What is your most horrifying paranormal experience?	What is your horrifying paranormal experience?
What are the best movies that make you think?	What are movies that make you think deeply and/or completely blow your mind?
How can I improve my communication skills specially pronunciation skill?	How can I improve my communication skills?
How can I reset my Gmail password without knowing my personal information and recovery email id?	How can I reset my Gmail password when I don't remember my recovery information?
Which is the coolest country in the world?	What is the coldest country in the world?
What is a good comedy movie recommendation?	What is the best comedy movie ever?
What are the best books on the history of english literature?	Which is the best book for the study of History of English literature?
What are ways to commit suicide?	What's the quickest and most painless way to commit suicide?
What is DeepMind Technologies?	What does DeepMind Technologies do?
Why is Saltwater taffy candy imported in The Bahamas?	Why is Saltwater taffy candy imported in the Philippines?
Is it possible to get back lost contacts on an iPhone?	How can I get back my lost contacts from iPhone?
How do I stop hating school?	How do I stop hating school so much?
How do I teach myself to pay attention and prevent my mind from wandering in school?	How do I stop my mind from wandering while I'm doing school work?
For communists what does the hammer and sickle mean?	What do the hammer and sickle mean?
How can we measure the height of mountain?	How do you calculate the height of the mountains?
What are the most advanced car tools that people don't know about yet?	What are some mind-blowing gadgets for cars that exist in 2016 that most people don't know about?
What are some really good podcasts I can listen to?	What are some good podcasts to listen to?
Why is Spotify nott available in India?	Daniel Ek: When will spotify be available in India?
What is a good question to ask Quora?	What is the best question asked on Quora? What was the best answer?
How do you become a Top Writer on Quora for 2014?	What is good advice for someone who wants to become a Top Writer?
I would like to prepare for KVPY SX.How can I do it?	How do I prepare for KVPY 2016?
What should we answer when a HR questions why should we hire you?	What is the best short answer for "why should I hire you"?
What are some functions of human cell membranes?	What are the functions of cell membranes?
What books should a high schooler read?	What are some of the best books a high schooler should read?
What are the best ways to build up my credit score?	How do I start to clean up my credit score?
How should I ask for a raise?	How do you ask for a raise?
How does Irrfan Khan feel about good actors in Bollywood not getting enough appreciation?	How does Irrfan Khan feel about good Bollywood actors who are not getting enough appreciation?
What are the best government jobs in India?	Which is the best government job in India and why?
If humans evolved from monkeys then why are monkeys still around?	If we have evolved from ages then why are apes around us?
Which movie would you watch first - Raees or Kaabil?	Which film will you watch on the Republic Day (i.e. 25th January 2017): Raees or Kaabil?
What happens to a question on Quora if it is marked as needing further improvement?	What should I do when someone marks my question as needing improvement?
What are unique or lesser known facts about PM Narendra Modi?	What are some lesser known but interesting facts about Narendra Modi?
How is black money gonna go off with no longer the use of same 500 and 1000 notes?	How effective is scrapping 500 and 1000 rupee notes? Will it reduce black money?
How can I become a better learner?	How I would become a good learner?
Why are there so many anonymous questions on Quora?	Why do so many people add questions anonymously?
What is your New Year Resolution?	What are your new year resolutions for 2017?
How can I stop being absent minded all the time?	How do I reduce being absent minded?
How should I learn to make dolls?	How do you make a doll?
How can we write a good story?	What are good ways to write a good story?
Can I pay half of LIC premium by one credit card and remaining half by other credit card?	Can I pay half of bill by one credit card and remaining half by other credit card?
Who is your favourite Walking Dead character and why?	Who's your favourite Walking Dead character?
How can I increase the traffic on my blog (www.midnightexpressions.wordpress.com)?	What is the best way to increase traffic for a new blog?
What is it like to be a genius?	What is it to be a genius?
What is your opinion on PM Narendra Modi's decision to ban INR 500 and INR 1000 notes?	What are your views on ban of 500 and 1000 rupee notes in India?
How do I become programmer?	How does one become a programmer?
What does Balaji Vishwanathan think about 500/1000 notes banning and issuance of ₹2000 notes?	What does Balaji Vishwanathan think about currency announcement made by Modi?
Why is Trump refusing to release his tax return?	Why doesn't Donald Trump release his tax returns?
What are general questions asked for in an interview	What are basic hr questions asked in an interview?
How did Donald Trump win despite projections that he would fail?	How did trump win the presidential election?
Is it right to having sex before marriage?	Is it right to have sex before marriage?
What is a good substitute for red wine in cooking?	What is a good replacement for red wine in cooking?
Is the new 2000 Rupee note really implementing NGC (Nano GPS Chip)?	Do the new ₹2000 notes really have GPS chips or something similar?
Do girls still grow after their first period?	Can I still grow taller after two and a half years of having my period?
How would you define the Western World?	How do you define Western world?
How do I prepare for IIT jam physics?	What is the best way to prepare for IIT-JAM physics?
What are the oldest brands in the world?	What is the oldest brand in the world?
How does the heat of combustion of methane compare to that of other gases?	How does the heat of combustion of methane compare to that ofother gases?
Is Mahendra Singh Dhoni overrated?	Cricket (sport): Is MS Dhoni overrated?
How can I become less self conscious and insecure?	How do I become less conscious of myself around other people?
What are the pros and cons Ubuntu and Elementary OS?	What is your review of Elementary OS?
What are some of the best paid part time jobs that can be done from home?	What all part time work can be done from home?
Will the Electoral College vote for Hillary?	What are the chances of Electoral college votes for Hillary?
What is the Berenstain conspiracy theory?	Is there any legitimacy to the Berenstain Bears theory?
What is the best way to avoid questions needing improvement on Quora?	How do I talk to the moderators who marked my questions as needing improvements in Quora?
Why do so may people ask questions on Quora that can easily be found by a simple Google searh?	Why do some people ask questions on Quora that could be asked directly to a search engine ?
Can the existence of time machine is possible?	Can the idea of time machine be ever achieved in real?
What's the function of cell membrane?	What is the function of a cell membrane?
Who is the best actor ever in Indian cinema?	Who is the best actor in the Bollywood cinema?
What can be the possible effects of removing 500 and 1000 rupee currency notes?	What are the economic implications of banning 500 and 1000 rupee notes?
How do I apply for the passport?	How do I apply for passport?
What makes a great problem solver?	How does someone become a better problem solver?
Is honey really healthier than sugar?	Is it healthier to use honey instead of sugar?
I have 74% in my 12th board (CBSE). So can I get admission on IIMs if I clear their cat cutoff?	I have 74% in my 12th board (CBSE). So can I get admission in old IIMs if I clear their cat cutoff?
How many times can a Prime Minister in India be elected consecutively?	Politics: How many times a person can be elected as a President in india?
What is the best software to learn Telugu?	Which are the best apps to learn Telugu?
Do animals commit suicide?	Do animals other than humans suicide?
How iPhone is better than Android?	Which phone is better iPhone or android?
Forgot my Facebook password and email password. How can I log into Facebook?	How can I find my old password or can I log into Facebook from my Gmail account?
What do you think of the move of banning 500 and 1000 rupee notes in India (Nov 2016)?	What are the full implications of the Indian government's decision to withdraw all the old 500 and 1000 rupee notes from circulation?
Why do some people think the Earth is flat?	Why do some people think Earth is flat?
How do I increase confidence?	How can we boost our confidence?
Does objective truth exist?	Is there such a thing as objective truth?
Who are some of your favorite Quorans?	Who are your favorite Quorans of all time and why?
How can you find the purpose of human life?	How do you find purpose in life?
Why do people ask and answer their own questions?	Why do people post and answer their own questions?
How do I gain weight within month?	How can I gain weight within month?
How do I prevent rape in Delhi?	How can we prevent rapes in Delhi?
How do I get a redeem code for Google Play?	How do you redeem Google Play codes?
What are some good examples of "what goes around comes around"?	What is your own experience of "What goes around comes around?
What are the ways to regain one's self confidence?	I have lost self confidence that I will be able to achieve my aim. How do I regain confidence?
M audio nova and samson c03 which is best?	M audio nova and samson c03 which one is best?
What are some must have apps for travelers?	What are the must-have apps for traveling?
Why can't I stop eating so much?	Why I just can't stop eating?
Which is the best book for learning Python 3 for absolute beginners?	What is the recommended book to learn python for beginner?
What is the difference between product manager and product designer?	What's the difference between a product manager and a product designer?
Examples of subsistence economy?	What are the examples of a subsistence economy?
What is the correct procedure to replace the battery in a Fossil watch?	What is the correct procedure to change a battery in a Fossil watch?
How did Jawaharlal Nehru die? Was it really a sexually transmittable disease?	How did Nehru die?
How do I prepare for BITSAT 2017 seriously?	How should I prepare for BITSAT examination 2017?
What is the difference between "complete" and "finish"?	What is the difference between complete and finish?
Why is Trump bad?	Why would Trump not make a good president?
What are the good parts of being introvert?	What are the good things about being a Introverts?
Does pornography involve the objectification of women?	Is pornography increasing the objectification of women?
Where can I find Dumps for OCJP 1.7 version?	Where can I find OCJP 1.7 dumps?
Which is the best movie from 2016?	What were the best movies of 2016? Why?
Has Pakistan become a safe haven for global terrorism?	Why is Pakistan supporting terrorism?
What is the best free animation software?	What is a good free animation software?
What cause low blood pressure?	What causes low blood pressure?
What is the longest joke ever? (except your life)	What is the longest joke ever?
How do countries that do not have armies defend themselves?	How do the countries which do not have armies defend themselves?
What is the best method to learn language?	What is the best method to learn new language?
What did the Council of Nicaea accomplish?	What was the Council of Nicaea supposed to resolve?
Which is the best city in the world to live in?	Which is the best city to live?
I got my Facebook account hacked. How can I recover my i.d.?	My Facebook account was hacked. How can I recover my Facebook account?
How do I recover deleted browser history?	How do you recover deleted website browsing history?
What are the safety precautions on handling shotguns proposed by the NRA in Washington?	What are the safety precautions on handling shotguns proposed by the NRA in Rhode Island?
What are some cool facts about Russia?	What are the interesting facts about Russia?
What does a business development executive do?	What exactly does a business development executive do?
How do I learn spoken English?	How can I improve fluency in English?
What are the good video lectures available on Java for beginners?	What is best video lecture for Java beginners?
What are lyrics of Feels Like from Reeps one English beatboxer?	What are the lyrics of the song “Feels Like” from Reeps One beatboxer?
What are the best investments?	What are some of the best investment plans?
What are the safety precautions on handling shotguns proposed by the NRA in Florida?	What are the safety precautions on handling shotguns proposed by the NRA in Montana?
What is the best compliment you ever got from anyone?	What is the best compliment that you have ever received?
Why does the Easter Bunny give out eggs?	Why does the Easter bunny give away chocolate eggs?
What is the 2008 financial crisis in simple terms?	What happened in 2008 financial crisis?
How can I slowly lose weight?	How can I lose 4kg weight?
What is the best way to learn and master a computer programming language?	What is the best way to learn computer programming languages?
What are the best ways to burn belly fat?	What are some exercises to decrease belly fat?
Is it hard to get into UC Berkeley?	How hard is it to get into UC Berkeley?
What are some of your biggest failures?	What are some of your greatest failures?
What are the best memory boosting techniques?	What are the best memory techniques?
How do I personal message on Quora?	How do I send messeges on Quora?
How can I make money online in India?	What's the easiest way to make money online from India?
Is square root of negative numbers imaginary?	Are square roots of negative numbers always imaginary?
What is a good Facebook page name for entertainment and fun?	Suggest me a funny Facebook page name?
What are your views about governments decision to stop flow of 1000 and 500 rupee notes.?	What is your opinion on the discontinuation of 500 and 1000 rupee notes?
What is the best Quickbooks technical support number?	What is the best QuickBooks support number in Arkansas?
How can I earn money easily online?	What are the easiest ways to earn money online?
What is your review of A Flying Jatt (2016 movie)?	How is the review of A Flying Jatt movie?
What are the easy ways to earn money online?	What are ways of earning money online?
What are the consumptive needs and activities impacts on the environment?	What are consumptive needs and activities impacts on the environment?
Why hasn't Daniel Ek brought Spotify to India?	Daniel Ek: When will spotify be available in India?
Is Turkey safe now?	Is Turkey safe given the recent bombings and protests?
What is a good YouTube channel for learning about science?	What are the best sites/YouTube channels about science?
How can I fall in love?	How is it to fall in love?
Which are the best movies of 2016?	What is the best latest movie?
How should I start business?	How do I to start a new business?
Which business should I start with 50000 Rupees in India?	What is the best idea to start a business with capital of 50000?
How do eukaryotic and prokaryotic cells differ?	What are the difference between eukaryotic and prokaryotic cell?
How do I get accepted in Harvard?	What should be done to get admission in harvard?
Why did Arnab Goswami quitted from Times Now?	Why did Arnab Goswami Resigned?
What universities in Germany offer undergraduate programs only in English?	Which universities in Germany teach undergraduate in English?
Is GATE preparation possible in 3 months?	What are strategies to get good score in GATE EE 2016 with two digit rank within 3 months?
What would happen if you swallowed bleach?	What will happen if I drink a glass of bleach?
How do you arrange a marriage with a rich woman?	How can I get a rich woman?
How can I be indifferent to what people think of me?	How do I ignore what other people think of me?
What is the worst thing that happened to you because you were nice?	What is the worst thing ever happened to you for being nice?
Does a GNIIT course have any use?	Is there any value for course gNIIT?
What are your views on the ban of Rs 500 and Rs 1000 notes by the Indian Government? Pros cons?	What are your views on PM Modi's decision on discontinuing 500 & 1000 rs notes?
What is meaning of love?	What is the true meaning of love?
What are some mind-blowing inventions tools that most people don't know about?	What are some mind blowing tools and things that most people don't know?
How can I get skinny as a teenager?	How can I get skinny as a 15yo teen?
What are some good resources to learn Tagalog?	What are the best resources for learning Tagalog?
Why do some people hate Apple?	Why do people hate Apple?
How can I become more self aware?	How can I become more self-aware?
Is avast better than kaspersky?	Which Antivirus is better: Avast or Kaspersky?
Daniel Ek: Are there any future plans of releasing Spotify in India?	Daniel Ek: When will you launch Spotify in India?
How do I start learning programming language? Which one to start with?	How do I start learning programming from beginner to expert?
What is female reproductive system?	What is the female reproductive system?
What are the best recommendations to live with a pet in an apartment?	What are the best pets to have if you live in an apartment?
What is the best way of improving spoken English?	What the best way to improve English?
How does magnesium oxide react with water?	What happens when magnesium oxide reacts with water?
How shall I stop watching porn?	How do I stop being addicted to porn?
How did the big bang occur if there was nothing to cause it?	How was Big Bang created?
How can I get unlimited Ola Credits? Please help. I know there's a hack for that.	What is the best Ola hack to get unlimited Ola Credits?
Did India really carry out surgical strikes?	Has India ever held a surgical strike?
Which is the best QuickBooks Tech Support Number in Las Vegas?	Which is the best QuickBooks Tech Support Number?
What is the difference between sociology and economics?	What is the difference between sociology and economy?
How do you get over a horrible night's sleep when you have to study?	How do I get over a bad night's sleep?
What was the worst experience you had with a police officer?	What is the worst experience you have had with a police officer?
What does dreaming about snakes mean?	How do I overcome dreams of snakes and what does it mean to dream about snake?
How can I improve my English writing skills by myself?	How do I improve my English writing ability?
What were the most memorable events of your life?	What is the most memorable incident of your life?
What are the different ways to build websites?	What are the different ways of developing great websites?
Where can I get affordable painting and decorating service in Brisbane?	Where can I get quality paint and decoration service at an affordable price in Brisbane?
How do I reduce my anger?	How can we control anger?
How do I get over regrets that are making me unhappy?	How do I get over regrets?
What's the difference between cyber security and information security?	What is the difference between information security and cyber security?
Why do I get bored so quickly?	Why do I get so bored so quickly?
How do I download a complete playlist from YouTube?	How do I download complete YouTube playlist videos without any software?
Where can I learn English?	From where I can learn english?
How many hours of deep sleep needed per day?	How many hours a night should people sleep?
What happens to your body when you oversleep everyday?	What happens when you oversleep?
Which is the best institute for CA (IPCC) in Jaipur at present?	Which is the best institute in Jaipur for CA (IPCC) at present?
How do you cook cube steak?	What's a good recipe for Cube Steak?
How can I do self study effectively?	How can I study more time and more effectively?
Can you get high from accidentally ingesting a few tiny specks of weed without knowing?	What's the best way to get high from eating weed and why?
How do you post question in Quora? I posted many but rejected.	How do I post something on Quora?
Which is the best country to visit?	Which are the best countries to visit?
What is a traditional economy? What are examples of this?	What is a traditional economy? What are some examples?
How 0.04 CO2 in the atmosphere can make Global warming real?	How does CO2 in the atmosphere contribute to global warming?
What are the best ways to lose weight?	What are the best simple ways to loose weight?
How do I get my English better?	What can I do to improve my English speaking?
How banning 500 and 1000 rupees note will curb the corruption and black money in India?	How banning 500 and 1000 rs note will help fight corruption in India?
How do I access the blog feature of Quora?	How do I use blog feature in Quora?
What are the best YouTube channels for software developers and programmers?	What are the best YouTube channels for programmers?
How do I find out what I truly want in my life? It fluctuates!	How can I improve myself and figure out what should I do with my life?
What's the most embarrassing thing that's happened to you in front of your crush?	What is the embarrassing thing you have done in front of your crush?
What is thermal energy and how is it calculated?	How is thermal energy produce and how is it calculated?
Don't you think Modi will repeal decision to ban 500 and 1000 notes as it will cause high inconvenience?	What do you think of abolishing 500 and 1000 Rupee Currency notes by the Indian Government?
I have forgotten my Facebook password and email password also?	How do I recover my Facebook password when I'm not receiving any recovery email?
What's the best way to deal with internalized homophobia?	How can I battle my severe Internalized Homophobia?
How could I improve my English?	How can I continue to improve my English?
How do I make a good PowerPoint presentation?	What is the best way to go about making a Powerpoint presentation?
What could cause wrist pain?	What are the causes of wrist pain?
What should one do in order to escape boredom?	How did you beat boredom?
What are the top 5 worst Naruto plot holes?	What is the worst Naruto plot hole?
Does demonetisation actually work?	Has demonetisation really worked?
Do you think someone can be in love with two persons at a time?	Can someone love two people at a time?
What are inert gases? What are examples of this?	What are some examples of inert gases?
Who would you vote for: Donald Trump or Hillary Clinton?	Would you rather have Donald Trump or Hillary Clinton be POTUS?
What is some historical evidence that Jesus existed?	What is the evidence for and against the existence of the historical Jesus?
What would be the best thing to invest in/do with my money as a teenager?	What is a good thing to invest your money into/do with your money when your a teenager?
Is there any problem during certificate verification in govt. jobs if there is only one letter spelling mistake in 10th and 12th certificate?	My name in class 10th certificate is X Y Z whereas in class 12th certificate it is X Y. Will it cause any problem during admission in colleges?
Where are the origins of Ayurved?	Where are the origins of the Ayurveda?
What is the best method for clearing IELTS?	What is the best method to pass IELTS?
How do I recover a lost Gmail password?	My Gmail is hacked. How do I recover the password?
What are some movie scenes that made you cry and why?	Which movie made you cry the most?
What will be the economic impact of an India Pakistan war in today's context?	What would happen to India purely from an economic point of view incase we do go to war with Pakistan?
How do you create a website when you know nothing about coding?	What is the best way to create a website without coding?
Which smartphone would be best under 15000? (2016)	Which phone is best to buy under 15k?
I have a best friend whom I fell in love with very early. I recently brought that up and realised that she doesnt feel the same way. What can I do to get over her?	I loved my best friend. But she didn't feel the same. How do I get over her?
What daily habits can greatly upgrade life?	What are some healthy habits that every one should follow daily in order to maintain a happy and healthy life?
Why does prior history of Epilepsy is disqualification for be blood donor?	Why people with history of epilepsy cannot donate blood?
Is Kashmir safe now for foreigners?	Safe to visit Kashmir and Ladakh?
Does green tea help to lose weight?	Why is green tea associated with fat loss?
What is a vacuum booster in brakes?	How does a Vacuum Booster work and what is the “vacuum” in vacuum brake booster?
What can be done to stop terrorism?	How can we stop terrorism permanently?
What are the safety precautions on handling shotguns proposed by the NRA in Massachisetts?	What are the safety precautions on handling shotguns proposed by the NRA in California?
Why do some people use Quora when a dictionary or Google could be used instead?	Why use Quora when Google answers almost everything?
Why doesn't Quora allow emojis?	Why doesn't Quora update to support emojis?
What minor would complement a Computer Science major?	What is the most helpful minor for a computer science major?
What do you think should be India' s stand after today' s URI terror attack?	What Should India do on Uri Attack?
Why is sexual assault on women common in India?	Why is sexual crime so common in India?
Is Microsoft's Bing search engine comparable to Google in terms of accuracy?	How do Google and Bing compare on search quality?
How can I learn digital marketing online?	How can I learn digital marketing online easily?
What are some of the most convincing conspiracy theories?	What is the most convincing conspiracy theory?
Does counselling really work?	Does counseling really work?
What are some mind-blowing iPhone/Android gadgets that most people don't know about?	What are some mind-blowing smartphone gadgets that exist that most people don't know about?
How is 0! = 1?	Why the factorial of 0 is 1?
What is a good substitute for soy sauce in a recipe?	How can I substitute soy sauce in a recipe?
What is your motivation in your daily life?	What is your daily motivation?
What are the processes involved in manufacturing a punch holder?	What is the processes involved in manufacturing a punch holder?
Could time travel be a real thing? Could it be scientifically explained?	Is time travel possible then after how long time?
What is the salary of a chartered accountant?	What is the Minimum pay or salary for a chartered accountant?
What's the worst thing you can do to someone?	What is the worst thing you could do to someone?
Why does a current carrying conductor produce a magnetic field around it?	Why does a current-carrying conductor always have magnetic field around it?
Is there anything which moves faster than light in the world?	Is any thing faster than light?
What is the best present you have ever received?	Which is the best gift that you have ever received?
What is the main secret behind the law of attraction?	What factors affect the secret law of attraction?
What are your best adventures?	What are your five best adventures?
Who are the top Vedic astrologers in India?	Who are the top 10 Vedic astrologers based in India?
Why do we don't fall off from our bicycles while riding?	Why do we not fall while riding a bike?
How do l see who viewed my videos on Instagram?	How can I see who viewed my video on Instagram but didn't like my video?
How black money in INR transferred and deposited into Swiss banks in dollars?	Through what channel is the Indian black money transferred to Swiss banks?
Who can help me to get a green card?	Who can help me get an America green card?
Is sex important for relationships?	Is sex necessary in a relationship?
Did Hilary Clinton have an affair with Vince Foster?	Did Hillary Clinton have an affair with Vince Foster?
How does consuming too much sugar on a daily basis weaken your immune system?	Does sugar suppress the effectiveness of the immune system?
What is the scariest thing you have heard?	What's the scariest thing you've ever heard or witnessed?
What are some uses of sawdust?	What is sawdust? What are some of the uses?
What are some mind-blowing futuristic wallets that exist that most people don't know about?	What are some mind-blowing wallets tools that exist that most people don't know about?
What is your favorite movies of all times?	What is everyone's favorite movie?
What are the requirements for selection into MIT?	How to get admissions in MIT?
Who won final debate?	Who won the third Trump-Clinton debate?
What is a "snuff" video?	What is a snuff video?
What is the best laptop to buy under 25000INR?	Which is the best laptop model within 25000 rupees?
What are the best colleges for Aerospace engineering in India?	Which is the best engineering college for aerospace in India?
Which movie should I watch before I die?	What are the films to see before we die?
How do you solve the issue of eating healthy the easy way?	How do learn to cook healthy food in a quick and easy way?
What is the worst advice anyone has ever given to you?	What is the worst advice anybody has given you?
How can I delete my own question from Quora?	Can I delete all the questions I asked on Quora?
Will upgrading to the 2016 MacBook Pro be worth it?	Is the 2016 MacBook Pro still worth it (as opposed to a high end PC)?
What will happen to America if Donald Trump wins the election?	What will happen if Donald Trump gets elected?
Can women have a collective instinct about something?	Can girls have a collective instinct about something?
How is India reacting to the terror attack on Uri Camp in September 2016?	What are the possible options for India to deal with Uri terror attack?
Why does Trump say that the election may be rigged?	If Donald Trump is going to win the election why would he say it's rigged?
How could Donald Trump get Mexico to pay for a border wall?	How is it possible for Donald Trump to force Mexico to pay for the wall?
Which will be the best SEO company in Delhi NCR to optimize my website on Top?	Which is the Best SEO Company in Delhi for Digital Marketing Services?
Whether I do CA or MBA? Which is better?	Is CA course better than mba?
Is it possible to have black hole inside a black hole?	Is it possible to have a black hole inside another?
Why is the government abruptly banning the 500 Rupees and the 1000 rupees currency notes in India?	What do you think about banning 500 and 1000 rupee notes in India?
What is the business model of a wine shop in Mumbai?	How is the wine shop business operated in Mumbai?
What did you think about the first 2016 US presidential debate?	What is your opinion of the first 2016 presidential debate?
IIT story?	What are some iit stories?
How different are you from your parents?	How are you different from your parents?
What I should learn to be a game developer?	What should I learn now to become a game developer?
Why is my YouTube account playing videos with no audio? How can I fix it?	Why did YouTube mute my video? How can I fix it?
How do I use Google search to find companies?	How do I use Google search effectively for finding companies?
Who are the Syriac people and what is their empire called?	What is the empire called for the Syriac people?
What books should I read in my lifetime?	What are the books one should read in his life?
What should I do to increase my Followers in Facebook?	How do I increase my followers in Facebook?
Should I drop a year after engineering for CAT preparation or join Capgemini as a fresher?	Should I drop one year after BTech for mba preparations?
What is an alternative way to log in to Facebook?	What is an alternative way to log into Facebook?
How can you increase your IQ?	How can I increase my IQ to 180?
What is the best way to earn extra money from home?	What is the best way to earn extra money at home?
Does a late period mean I'm pregnant?	Can a woman be late on her period and not pregnant?
Do distance relationships work? How can you make it work?	How will long distance relationship work?
What were women using before always ultra?	What were women using before pads?
How should I prepare for NTSE exam in India?	What is the best way to prepare and crack the NTSE exam?
What is the technique of writing Chinese characters?	What are some technique of writing Chinese characters?
How can I stay hydrated?	How do I stay hydrated?
Is the USA a big bully?	Is USA a bully nation?
Is it possible that zika isnt the main cause of microcephaly in these cases but that the pesticide pyriproxyfen is?	Can pyriproxyfen be the culprit for microcephaly instead of the zika virus?
How can I increase my followers on Quora?	How do I increase followers in Quora?
What's your most embarrassing sexual experience?	What is your most embarrassing/ gone wrong sexual experience?
Is Quora better than Facebook and Twitter?	How is Quora better than Facebook or Twitter?
How do I prepare for the GRE?	What are the best ways to prepare for GRE?
What is the best fat burning pills?	Are fat burning pills helpful along with exercise? What are the best fat burning pills (non-steroidal)?
Why is my puppy vomiting white foam?	What does it mean if my dog is throwing up white foam?
What is an internship and the types of internship?	What is the meaning of an internship?
What are the best books for preparing for IBPS PO's exam without coaching?	What are the best books for preparing IBPS PO and clerk 2016 exam as per the new pattern?
Can we get call details of a perticular mobile number?	How do I get call details of a mobile number?
Why did Trump win the Presidency?	How and Why did Donald Trump win the election?
I have commitment issues. How do I get over it?	How does a person get over the fear of commitment?
What is the best TV series and why?	What are the good tv series to watch?
What qualification is required for a job in embassy?	What qualifications are needed to get a job in an embassy?
What are some must read books for people in their 20s?	What books should one read before dying?
What do you think about reporters without borders placing India at #140 on the World Press Freedom Index?	What do you feel about India's abysmally low ranking in the Press Freedom Index?
Who are your favorite Quorans?	Who is your favorite Quoran on Quora?
How do you permanently delete your Yahoo account?	How can you terminate your Yahoo e-mail account?
What are the best books for teaching yourself piano?	What is the best book to teach yourself to play the piano?
What do you know about Lotus Temple?	What are some interesting facts about the Lotus Temple?
What are some of the best young adult cruises?	What are some of the best cruises for young adults?
When did you feel discriminated against for being a guy?	Have you ever been discriminated against for being a man?
What I do after mechanical engineering?	What should I do after my graduation in mechanical engineering?
Which is the best Android app locker?	What are some best app lockers for an android phone?
Where can I get quality assistance for budget conveyancing across the Sydney?	Where can I get quality support to make a successful property transaction process in Sydney?
What are the career prospects with a degree in PPE?	What can you do with a degree in PPE?
How many dimensions does the universe really have?	How many dimensions are there?
Should I jailbreak my iPhone again?	Why should I jailbreak my iPhone 4?
Is Hillary Clinton going to make immigration easier?	Will Hillary Clinton change anything about immigration?
What are some good pick up lines which actually work?	What are good pick up lines?
What is the best place for sex?	Where is the best place for sex?
What is the easiest and cheapest way to lose weight fast?	What are the easiest and the fastest ways to lose weight?
Can I earn money online?	How can I start to make money online?
How do I cure kidney stones?	How can kidney stones be treated?
How do I increase the capacity of my brain?	How can I increase my intelligence?
How do I send gif in whatsapp?	How do I send GIF to what's app?
What should you not say in a job interview?	What are some things you shouldn't do or say in a job interview?
Where can I find the solution manual of software engineering a practitioner's approach 7th edition?	Where can I find to solution manual of software engineering a practitioner's approach 7th edition?
How do I abort a baby within a month?	What is the best way to abort a baby of one month?
How should one answer the question, "Tell me about yourself."?	What is the best answer for tell me about yourself in an interview?
What people with huge amount of black money will do after today's bold decision by PM Narendra Modi to ban 500 and 1000 notes?	How would people with huge black money deal with the situation of 500-1000 rupee notes?
Which is the best coffee?	What are the best coffees?
Why do some non-religious people oppose gay marriage?	Are there any non religious arguments against legalizing gay marriage?
What is my purpose in life? Why is there life on Earth?	What according to YOU is the purpose of life?
Is it possible to invent the time machine?	Is it possible to make a time machine?
What are the possible ways to commit suicide?	What is the least painful and best way to commit suicide?
How effective is China's one child policy?	Was China's one child policy effective?
How can I concentrate in my daily studies?	How do I concentrate better in my study?
Is it legal to ship a pet tortoise to india?	Can we legally pet a turtle or tortoise in India?
What is a way to make money online?	What's the easiest way to make money online?
How do I stop masturbation permanently?	How can I stop masturbating?
What is precisely cooled by cooling towers of a nuclear plant and why are they so high?	Why are nuclear cooling towers so big?
Are Ramayan and Mahabharata real?	Are Ramayana and Mahabharata real?
What is the most funny joke you have ever heard?	What's the best joke you have ever heard?
Can you get pregnant one day before ovulation?	Can you get pregnant the day before your period starts?
What is the difference between "How are You" and "How are You Doing"? 	What is the difference between "How do you do?" and "How are you doing"?
What are some really good movies that I can watch on Hulu?	What are the best movies to watch on Hulu now?
What is the best book for learning Python easily?	What is the recommended book to learn python for beginner?
Can I live without money?	Is it possible to live without money?
Did surgical strike really happened by India in LOC? Which media is correct? India or Pakistan?	Did India really conduct a surgical strike on Pakistan?
What are some books you recommend a 15 year old to read?	What books do you challenge a 14 year old girl to read?
Why did Marathas fought third battle of panipat?	Why did the Marathas lose the third battle of Panipat?
How do I fix my garage door spring?	How can you fix a garage door with a broken spring?
How can we perform best in leccturate in SSB interview?	How should I answer to each question asked in the SSB interview?
Why World War III are inevitable?	Is World War 3 coming?
What are the best restaurants near the University of Georgia's campus?	What is the best restaurant near the University of Georgia?
Would demonetization of 500 and 1000 rupee notes actually help in curbing black money in India?	Will the demonetization of the Rs 500/1000 notes in India actually help to curb black money? Or do the rich store their untaxed cash?
What does the rough endoplasmic reticulum do? What are some examples?	What is the function of the rough endoplasmic reticulum?
Who is better between Hillary Clinton and Donald Trump as a US president?	Is Hillary Clinton really worse than Donald Trump?
Why is Saltwater Taffy candy imported in Spain?	Why is Saltwater Taffy candy imported in Italy?
I know some people that STILL believe the earth is flat. Why?	Why do people still believe in flat earth?
Has demonetization been successful?	Is demonetization a failure or a success?
Are there any uncontacted peoples who have had no interaction with the rest of the world?	What uncontacted peoples exist throughout the world?
Is Barron Trump autistic?	Does Barron Trump have autism?
If you follow someone on Instagram can they see how many times you have viewed their profile?	How do I see who's viewed my Instagram profile?
What are some good hotels at Jaipur city?	What are some of the good hotels in Jaipur?
How's life like at IIT?	What is the life at IIT.?
What are some good photography websites?	Where can I find a good photography website?
What is the sense of life?	What's are the meaning of life?
What are the interesting movie mistakes in bollywood?	What are some interesting examples of movie mistakes in Bollywood?
What is the best way to transfer electricity wirelessly?	How do I transfer electricity wirelessly?
How do I know that someone or the government is imposing Hindi on me?	What are the tell-tale signs that prove that the Central Government is imposing Hindi on non-Hindi speaking people?
Why do we use development length in beam reinforcement? As per IS 456:2000	Why do we use development length in beam reinforcement?
Which are the best headphones to buy under Rs 2000 in India?	What are the best headphones within 2000 rupees?
Can you miss someone you've never met?	Can you miss someone you never met?
What could be the basic purpose of life?	Wanna ask someone please. What is life? And what is the purpose of our life?
Has Marc Bodnick decided on his future plans yet?	Is Marc Bodnick employed yet?
Why do I see the same questions in my Quora feed even if I refresh?	Why do I see the exact same questions in my feed all the time?
Can I write songs with electric guitar instead of acoustic?or I should write with acoustic?	Which musical instrument is better for writing songs ? E guitar or acoustic?
How do I permanently delete Facebook account?	What are some ways to delete my Facebook account permanently?
What's the best way to start a youtube channel?	How can I start my YouTube channel?
Where can I found high quality very durable fire rated shutters in Sydney?	Where can I found completely fire resistant and intrusion resistant shutters in Sydney?
How do I lose weight fast?	How should I reduce weight easily?
How do I live for 100 years?	What are the best way to live for 100 years?
What should I know in coding?	What should I know for coding?
The best of 2016: Which are the best Bollywood movies in 2016?	What is your favorite Bollywood movie in 2016?
How can I find all of my Gmail accounts that I ever set up?	How do I find my own gmail accounts list?
Why there is a ban of 500 and 1000 notes?	What are the pros and cons of banning 500 and 1000 rupee notes in India?
Why do combat soldiers have American flags on their uniforms sewn on backwards?	Why are the American flags on military uniforms reversed?
How many medals did India win in Rio olympics?	How many Olympic medals does India have got in Rio Olympics games?
Which day is the Sabbath day according to Bible?	Which day is the Sabbath proven from the Bible?
What are some of the best rare natural phenomena that occur on Earth?	What are some of the best unexplainable natural phenomena's that occur on Earth?
What is your biggest hopeless regret?	What is the biggest regret you have?
What are the pros and cons of working at Google in Singapore?	What is it like to work at Google Singapore?
Will it be beneficial for me to transfer from FIITJEE Patna to FIITJEE South Delhi (Kalusarai) in class 12?	Will it be beneficial for me to transfer from FIITJEE Patna to South Delhi in class 12?
How can I loose weight in a week?	How can I lose weight ?
How significant would the damage to our environment be if Trump was elected president?	How concerned should I be about the environment with Trump as president?
How do money orders work?	What are money orders and how do they work?
Which is the best food for Bernese Mountain Dog puppies?	What is the best food for golden retriever puppies?
How do people earn money through YouTube in India?	How can I earn money using YouTube?
What are the disadvantages of working at TCS?	What is the disadvantage of working in tcs?
Why do some vegans try to convert other people to veganism?	Why do vegans/vegetarians try to push people into becoming vegans/vegetarians?
What is a lead bank in India?	What is lead bank?
What is the best way to give a PowerPoint presentation?	How do I make a good PowerPoint presentation?
What is a buy-back of shares?	What is buy-back of shares mean?
What are the chances of getting pregnant 3 days after the period is over?	Can u get pregnant the day after your period ends?
Is Apple going to discontinue the MacBook Air?	Will Apple update the MacBook Air or discontinue it?
Are HP laptops worth buying?	How are HP laptops?
How much equity should I offer my technical co-founder?	How much equity should I offer my technical co founder?
What is the best gaming pc configuration under 75k INR?	What is the best gaming pc configuration under Rs 75000?
How do I view someones's private instagram pictures?	How do I view someone's private Instagram pictures?
What is the best way to get a girl to like you?	How do I get a girl to like me back?
What is the best inspiring moment in your life that motivates you every time in your life?	What was the most inspiring moment of your life?
Why would someone use Quora when they can Google instead?	Why do people use Quora when they could easily find the answer in a quick Google search?
What is the biggest lie society has taught you to believe?	What is the biggest lie you've ever been led to believe?
What are the best comedy movies on YouTube?	What are the best comedy movie I can find on YouTube?
What is Google Code-In all about?	What is Google Code-in?
Will banning 500 and 1000 notes can stop the black money?	How will replacing 1000 notes with 2000 notes going to stop corruption and black money?
Which country has never been colonized by any power?	Which country has never been ruled or occupied by another country?
What are examples of animals that live in the water?	What are examples of animals living in water?
What went wrong with the polling in the 2016 US presidential election?	Why were the predictions and polls so wrong about the results of the 2016 Presidential Election?
Why is revenge not good and justice is good?	Revenge is good or not?
What is the best way to explain string theory to a layperson?	How can you explain in a simple way string theory?
Is the concept of backpropagation in neural networks a phenomenon actually observed in the brain?	Neuroscience: How does backpropagation work in the brain?
Will India win a gold medal in Rio Olympics?	How many gold will india win in Rio olympic?
What are the best ways to find a job in India?	What is the best way to find job in India?
Which are best BSc biotechnology colleges in India?	What are the colleges which offer BSc in biotechnology in India?
What does it mean that the electron has a dual nature (particle and wave properties)?	Does the electron have a dual nature?
What's your opinion about the decision on removal of 500 and 1000 rupees currency notes?	Is Modi's decision on demonetization of 500 and 1000 notes welcomed by public?
How do the Dutch view the Afrikaners?	How in general do the Dutch feel about Afrikaners?
Which martial art style is right for me?	Which martial art is right for me?
How should India respond to uri attacks?	How India can respond to the Uri terror attack?
Is NIIT Delhi good for a digital marketing course?	Digital Marketing colleges in India?
How do we prepare for UPSC?	How do I prepare for the IAS 2017?
What is the minimum marks required to get any college for either MBBS or BDS in NEET?	How many minimum marks are required to get any MBBS college through NEET?
Is world war 3 likely?	Is World War 3 coming?
What is the so called knowledge and learning? What are the differences between these words?	What is the so called knowledge and learning? What are the differences between these two words?
What are some of the challenges you face as a writer?	Is it challenging to be a writer?
How long does it take to get over your first and only love?	How long did it take you to get over your first love?
What do I need to open a gym?	What do you need to know to open a gym?
What is the aftermath of trump winning the presidential election?	What is the aftermath of Trump winning?
How do I save my phone battery power while playing Pokemon Go?	What are some battery saving tips and tricks while playing Pokémon GO?
What should I do with my boyfriend if he ignores me?	What should I do when my boyfriend is ignoring me?
What are the oldest companies in the world?	What is the oldest company in the world?
Why does an English Cocker Spaniel shed so much?	Why do English Cocker Spaniels shed so much?
Why do people try to ask silly questions on Quora rather than googling it?	Why do so many people ask questions on Quora that can be found in a Google search?
What are the best Indian TV series?	What are some good Indian TV series that you can watch?
What is the ideal age to start a PhD?	What's the most ideal age to start a PhD?
Will the value of Indian rupee increase after the ban of 500 and 1000 rupee notes?	What could be the consequences of recalling 500 and 1000 rupee note?
Are inter caste marriages bad?	Are inter-caste marriages for love bad?
Is there a 'best' deck in Clash Royale?	What are some good Deck of Clash Royale?
How can I be more positive about things?	How can I be more positive?
Which is the best online test series for banking exams?	Which is best online test series for bank exams?
What does an actuary actually do?	What does an actuary do and why are they  important?
How can I overcome my feeling of loneliness?	What should I do to overcome the feeling of loneliness?
What are the most annoying types of questions on Quora?	What are some of the most annoying questions on Quora that you wanted to answer?
How can the proton decay experiment confirm Supersymmetry?	How can the proton decay experiment confirm the theory of Supersymmetry?
Why do some people succeed and others don't?	Why do some people succeed and some don't?
How do you counter people who say, "evolution is just a theory"?	What is the best and brief way to respond to people who say :"Evolution is just a theory"?
What is the best way to start learning C language within a month?	Which is the best way to learn C?
Why is it that the American government is so corrupt?	Is the American Government corrupt?
Why were Germans compared to Huns during World War I?	Why did the Americans call the Germans in World War 1 "Huns"?
Do you think Eminem is the greatest rapper of all-time to ever live?	Do you think Eminem is the greatest rapper to touch the mic?
What are some popular methods to do suicide?	What are the best methods for suicide?
What will I do after graduated in English?	What should I do after my graduation in English?
What are the places to visit for a honeymoon in Kerala?	Which places should I visit if I am going to Kerala for a week with friends?
What is the best sex tourism destination in India?	What are the best sex tourism destinations in India?
What is your review of Moana (2016 movie)?	What is your review of Disney's Moana (2016 movie)?
What is the importance of power factor?	What is power factor? What is its importance?
How do I buy shares and do bussiness with shares?	How do I buy shares?
What is the most amazing photograph you have ever taken?	Which are some of the best pictures ever taken?
Which is the best smartphone I can buy under 15000 in july 2016?	Which is the best Smartphone under INR 15000 ?
How can I tell someone I hate them?	What is the best way to tell someone you hate them?
What are the most beautiful places in Singapore?	Which place is the most beautiful place in Singapore?
How would an MMA fighter fare against a Spartan soldier in hand to hand combat?	How well would a Spartan warrior fare against a MMA UFC undefeated champion in hand to hand combat?
How can I focus better in school?	How do I can become focused on school?
What can I do to have a better chance of getting accepted into an Ivy League school?	What can I do to get accepted into an Ivy League school?
What's the feeling of having sex for the first time?	What was your first sex experience?
How can I make fake blood?	Halloween: How do you make fake blood?
How old is too old for med school? Or law school?	What age is too old to get a medical MD?
How do you see the PM Modi’s move of banning old 500 and 1000 rupee currency notes?	What is your opinion on the discontinuation of 500 and 1000 rupee notes?
What are some of the best US universities in the field of computational solid mechanics for pursuing a MS?	What are some of the best US universities in the field of computational solid mechanics for pursuing a PhD?
What is the best business to earn money in india with less investment?	What are some new business ideas with lesser investment?
When will we get Sword Art Online season 3?	When does season 3 of Sword Art Online come out?
How do lose weight with healthy way?	How can I lose weight at age 55?
Are there more good people than bad in the world?	Do you think there are more good people or bad people in this world?
What is the best way to join Indian railway?	How can I join in Indian railways?
Why do people dislike Hillary Clinton? What has she done wrong?	How is it that people hate Hillary Clinton?
How will be the banning of 500 and 1000 rupees notes will have impact on real estate and Construction industry in India?	How will real estate prices be affected in India after banning of 500 and 1000 rupees notes?
What is your favourite memory of Carrie Fisher?	How will you remember Carrie Fisher?
How do I promote my SoundCloud?	How can I promote my SoundCloud?
What do Indian parents think about their married children having sex with their spouse?	What do Indian parents think of their married children having sex?
Is loving a crime?	Is love a crime?
Why are majority of Indians poor in English?	What makes North Indians hate English?
How can I lose 25 kg?	What are the best was to lose weight?
Can I register my startup company in the US without being a Citizen?	Can I start a company in the US without being a citizen of the US?
What do you think of the the movie Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them? How did it appeal to you?	Any reviews for fantastic beasts and where to find them?
Is there a Dungeon Fighter online private server?	What are the best Dungeon Fighter Online private servers?
Which is the best romantic novel by Indian author?	Which are the good Indian romantic novels?
How do I get gems for clash of Clans?	Is there any way to get more gems in Clash of Clans?
How is gold formed?	How is gold formed naturally?
Who is the best prime minister of the india till now?	Who is the best prime minister and why?
Who is going to win the presidential election?	Who will win the 2016 U.S. presidential election and why?
What are your new year resolutions’2017?	What is your New Year Resolution for 2017?
How can I become self-sufficient?	How can I be more self-sufficient?
Can you see who views your Instagram?	Can someone see if you have viewed public Instagram?
What happened during New Year’s Eve in Bangalore?	What happened on New Year’s Eve? Who is responsible for the Bengaluru mass molestation?
Do Mermaids réally exist?	Reasons why mermaids don't exist?
What are some really strange mathematical facts?	What are some outrageous mathematical facts?
How will Donald Trump getting elected as the President of the United States affect the relations of the USA and India?	How is US president Donald Trump important for India?
How can I stop aging?	How do I stop aging?
What are the good options for mobile phones under 15000?	Which mobile I should buy under 15k?
How the Quora was founded?	How Quora is founded?
What is the difference between internal medicine and family medicine as medical specialties?	Medical Specialties: What is the difference between internal medicine and family medicine?
What could you bring on an airplane before 9/11?	What was airline security like before 9/11?
How will the ban of old 500 and 1000 rs notes help in bringing out the black money?	How will issuing of new 2000 Rs notes help curb black money and corruption?
Which is the best android device to buy under ₹15000?	What are the best smartphones under 15000?
What was your first sexual experience like?	What is your first sexual experience?
What are the safety precautions on handling shotguns proposed by the NRA in the entire U.S. including it’s territories and possessions? 3	What are the safety precautions on handling shotguns proposed by the NRA in North Dakota?
Which is best book for maths in class 10?	What are some good maths books for class 10?
I have an untreatable and life-long disabling neurological disease. What is the easiest and most painless way I can commit suicide?	What are some painless ways to commit suicide?
How do the coupon site 365dayscoupons.com work? What is their revenue model?	What is the revenue model for 365dayscoupons.com and other coupon websites?
How can I get over a spoiled friendship?	How do I get over a broken friendship?
What is website indexing?	What is websites indexing?
How can I speak English more fluently?	How can you speak and learn fluent English like Karan Johar?
What should I do to reduce weight?	How do I suck it up and lose weight?
What are some of the most elaborate or widely-believed internet hoaxes of all time?	Which is the most famous Internet hoax of all time?
What are the five biggest technological disaster that world has ever witnessed?	Which are the 5 Biggest technological disasters that world has ever witnessed?
What should be my diet to make six pack abs?	What diet plan and exercise routine one should follow to reduce belly fat and have six pack abs?
Is it possible to see the pictures you've deleted on Instagram?	Is there a way to see a history of deleted photos on instagram?
How and when can I fill the form of Improvement exam of class 12 in 2017?	Is class 12 improvement exam forms are out for 2017?
What is the smallest and most versatile drone that has a video camera?	What is the smallest spying drone currently?
How do I earn from Quora?	How can I earn money on Quora?
Is time travel possible through cosmic strings?	Is time traveling possible in future?
What are the cheaper ways to book a flight?	What's the cheapest way to book a flight?
What was the most embarrassing moment in front of your parents after marriage? - Quora	What was the most embarrassing moment in front of your parents after marriage?
How can I lose weight safely?	How do I lose 15 kilos?
Are strawberries the only fruit with seeds on the outside? Why have they evolved to be this way?	How did strawberries evolve to be the only fruit with seeds on the outside?
What type of doctor would you see if you have a hernia and what are the most recommended treatments?	What type of doctor would you go see to check for a hernia? What are the possible treatments?
How important are data structure and algorithms to learn programming?	Why should I learn data structures and algorithms?
What are the best books for preparation of SSC CGL?	What is the best book for the preparation of SSC CGL exam?
What was the best day of your life so far?	Can you share best day of your life?
What are some examples of sociological insights?	What are some examples of sociological perspectives?
Why are Jehovah's Witness churches (Kingdom Halls) windowless?	Why do Jehovah Witness churches never have windows?
How do I get in touch with an ethical hacker?	How do I get in touch with a certified hacker?
Why do people use Quora when we already have google?	Why do people use Quora when they know that they could find a more accurate answer on Google?
How can a students start learning c programming?	How do I install and start up C programming language?
When and how does lactation start during pregnancy?	When should I start lactating during pregnancy?
What are the best video cutter software?	What is the best video cutter software?
Is Australia a colony? Why or why not?	Is Australia a colony?
Which laptop should I buy under 60000?	Which is the best laptop under 60k in india?
What's happening in turkey now?	What's happening in Turkey?
Where can I find a video of Steve Jobs announcing the iPhone?	Where can I find the official Steve Jobs iPhone Keynote MacWorld 2007 video in high quality or in high definition?
What are the biggest regrets of your life?	What’s your biggest regret in life?
What is the meaning of random number?	What is random number?
How do you post question in Quora? I posted many but rejected.	How do I post a question in quora?
What is the monetization strategy of Quora?	What is Quora's monetization strategy?
Why are no actual princes in the Pokémon Manaphy movie?	Why is Manaphy never an actual Prince in Pokémon Ranger and The Temple of the Sea anime movie?
How will the demonetization of 500 and 1000 rupee notes affect the value of INR against USD?	Will the value of rupee increase after the 500 and 1000 rupees notes are banned?
How will Indian GDP be affected from banning 500 and 1000 rupees notes?	Modi's announcement on banning 500 and 1000 currency notes. How would it affect economy?
What are some additional important courses to do for a mechanical engineer?	What are the best courses for mechanical engineering?
How do I tell my super religious parents that i am an atheist?	How do I tell my parents I'm an atheist?
Where can I get list of stylish collection of designer floor tiles in Sydney?	Where can I get wonderful floor tiles company in Sydney?
How can I lose weight safely?	What are the best was to lose weight?
How can the process of osmosis be explained?	How would you describe the process of osmosis?
What do you think about the ban on 500 and 1000 denomination notes in India?	What are your views on demonetization of 500 and 1000 rupee notes by the Modi Government?
What is the scariest Bible stories?	Scariest story in the Bible?
How should I stop biting my nails?	How can I stop nail biting habit?
Which are the best universities in the USA for doing a MS in Computer Science?	Which university would be the best for an MS in computer science in the USA?
Why are you proud of being Indian?	Why are you proud to be an Indian?
What's the way to get rich overnight?	How do I become rich overnight?
Why was my question marked as "needs improvement?"	How can I ask Quora a question about something that was marked "needs improvement?"?
Is there a realistic alternative to plastic?	Is there any alternative for plastic?
Should I go for unlikely dream job or a safe decent job the odds are very low?	Should I take up a job I like where I have very high chances of being laid off or should I go for a safe job?
Where do airplanes dump shit from the toilet?	Where do airplanes dump sh*t from the toilet?
How does the HP OfficeJet 4620 Airprint compare to the HP LaserJet Enterprise M604dn?	How does the HP OfficeJet 4620 Airprint compare to the HP Color LaserJet Pro M452dw?
What are some movie remakes that surpass the original?	What remakes of films are better than the original?
How do I put on condom?	How does one use a condom?
What are contradictory premises and what are some examples?	What are contradictory premises? What are some examples?
What will be the expected cutoff for NTSE KARNATAKA stage 1 2017?	What is the expected cutoff for Karnataka NTSE Stage 1 2017?
How can I gain weight without it just becoming unhealthy fat?	How can I gain weight without looking fat?
What are your views on the ban of Rs 500 and Rs 1000 notes by the Indian Government? Pros cons?	Why Narendra Modi banned 500 and 1000 notes in India?
How much native Icelandic and advanced Icelandic learners can read and understand Old Norse?	If I learn Icelandic can I understand old norse texts?
Why is Saltwater taffy candy imported in Mongolia?	Why is Saltwater Taffy candy imported in Portugal?
How many inches are in a foot?	How many inches in one feet?
What is Artificial Intelligence?	What is artificial intelligence? What are the factors involved?
What is the best way to deal with impossible people?	How do you deal with impossible people?
What is lime soda process?	How is soda lime processed?
How much protein is needed for a male a day?	How much protein does a man need every day?
Why do people ask stuff on Quora that they could just google and find out themselves?	Why do people ask questions on Quora when they can easily find the answer for it on Google?
How should you treat constipation at 5 weeks pregnant?	How should you treat constipation at 5 weeks of pregnancy?
What is the best college to get a masters degree in ergonomics?	What are the best colleges to do masters in ergonomics?
Why has english become the international language?	Why is English considered an international language?
What skills do I need to make money online?	What are the skills I can learn and use them to make money online?
At what time should I drink green tea to be fit?	Does green tea really help in losing weight?
How do I learn how to sing?	How can I learn singing?
Which is the best training institute for Java in Bangalore?	Which is the best institute for java training in Bangalore?
What are the best dating site in Japan?	Which are some of the best dating websites in Japan?
What can I do to get rid of pimples that won't go away?	How do you get rid of pimples that won't go away?
Noida 77 to Noida city centre public transport?	Public transport between Noida 77 to Noida city centre?
What can I do to practice my English?	How could I improve my English?
How do we learn from failure?	What can we learn from failure?
What are the best ways to lose weight?	How can I efficiently lose weight?
How should I reduce my belly naturally?	How do I reduce my belly fat easily?
What should be the first programming language learned to develop games?	What is the best programming language to learn in order to rapidly develop video games?
How can an iPod Touch that won't turn on or charge be fixed?	Why is my iPod Touch not turning on?
How do you properly thaw frozen Lobster tails?	What are the best ways to defrost lobster tails?
Why do a group of intelligent people make stupid decisions?	Why do people do stupid things when they are in a group?
What is the purpose of a board of directors?	What's the function of board directors?
Can someone tell I've read their message on Tinder?	Can someone tell if I have read a message on Tinder?
What is your reaction about the ban on Rs. 500 and Rs. 1000 notes? Won't it create a chaos and harm the economy?	What's your opinion about the decision on removal of 500 and 1000 rupees currency notes?
What are the best ways for passing time during boring lectures?	What is the best way to pass time in a boring class?
What are some good Netflix movies?	What are some good Netflix movies/shows?
What are the monomers of lipids?	What is the monomer of lipids?
What is capacitor bank.?	What is a capacitor bank and why is it used?
What are the best MS programs in USA for economics student?	What are the best master's programs in economics that will best prepare students to pursue a PhD in economics?
Are time machines possible? How far back can you go?	Is the discovery of a time machine possible?
What are the top MMOs with the best graphics?	What are the best mmo with the best graphics?
What can I do to overcome dyslexia?	What are some ways you have improved or solved your dyslexia?
What is the easiest way to make money?	How can I start making money? What are the best ways to make money?
What is your view/opinion about Uri terror attack?	What is your opinion about Uri attack?
The GCF of two different numbers is 47. They are both two digit numbers. What are the two numbers?	The GCF of two different number is 47. They are both two digit numbers. What are the two numbers?
Can the battery of a Moto G be replaced?	Can a Moto G4 Plus battery be replaced?
What's the best way to learn about sex?	How do I learn to have sex?
What is the difference between credit and debit?	What is the difference between a debit and credit card? When should you use them?
How can I reset my Gmail password without knowing my personal information and recovery email id?	How do I reset my password to Gmail without my recovery information?
Which is the best laptop I should buy under Rs.60000?	Which is the best laptop for 60k?
What is the best gift you've received?	What is the best gift that you ever recieved?
How can I increase traffic to a story blog?	How can I increase the traffic on my blog (www.midnightexpressions.wordpress.com)?
How big is the difference between Mandarin and Cantonese?	What's the difference between Cantonese and Mandarin?
What are best online sites for photo editing?	What are the best photo editing sites?
Can any one tell me a basketball club in Bangalore?	Are there any basketball clubs in Bangalore?
Are there any countries where murder is legal?	Where in the world is murder legal?
What should I do if my Shepherd/Retriever mixed puppy is chewing my shoes?	How do I stop my Husky/Border Collie puppy from chewing my socks?
How can I earn money part time online?	What's the easiest way to make money online?
What do guys think of the girl they like?	What do guys think about the girl they like?
What should I do to increase Self confidence?	What is the best way to increase self confidence successfully?
What are some reasons one should vote for Trump?	Are there any logical reasons to support Donald Trump?
Will Clinton or Trump be the next president of the USA?	Do donald trump or hilary Clinton would win?
How do I break my social media addiction?	How do I overcome my social media addiction?
How can the ban of 500 and 1000 rupee notes increase the Indian economy?	What will be the consequences of 500 and 1000 rupee notes banning?
I'm 18. How can I make money online?	What are ways of earning money online?
Give names of some of the best horror movies?	What are some good horror movies?
Which is the effective way to get a fit body ?	How do I get a fit body?
Why developed countries win more Olympic medals?	Why developed Countries are winning more Medal in Olympics?
What's the interesting psychological fact ever?	What are the interesting Psychological facts?
How do I study for Honeywell company recruitment?	How do I study for Honeywell company recruitments?
What are the different parts that make up your leg? What function do they serve?	What are the different parts that make up your leg?
Can Manchester United win the Premier League?	Can Manchester United win the Premier League this season?
What is the best programming language I should learn as a beginner?	Which coding language is best to start with?
How is it possible to record a trillion frames per second?	How is a camera able to capture trillions of frames per second?
Can you offer me any advice on how to lose weight?	I'm fat. How do I lose weight?
How do I lose weight faster?	How can I lose max weight in 14 days?
What is the best thing happened to you after joining Quora?	What is the best thing that has happened to you after you joined Quora?
Can we time travel anyhow?	Is it possible to travel time with real life?
Which is the best laptop under 70k?	Which is the best laptop around 70k to buy in India?
Which amendment to the U.S. Constitution is the most important and why?	What is the most important right or freedom guaranteed in the Constitution of the United States of America?
Can we ever see Reservation free India?	Will the caste-based reservation system come to an end in India?
Does waxing reduce hair growth?	Does waxing reduces hair growth?
How is MDMA being used to treat PTSD?	How would you use MDMA to self treat PTSD?
Which is the best univerisity for masters in actuarial science around the world?	What would be the best Masters program for an actuary?
What is the Baluchistan conflict? What do the people of Baluchistan want?	What is the Baluchistan issue?
How should one start learning Python programming for electronics applications?	How should I start learning data analytics with python as a beginner?
Which phone should I buy under INR 15K?	Which phone is best under 15k?
Was the Suicide Squad movie good in your opinion?	Can you write a review on Suicide Squad for me?
What are some disadvantages of multiculturalism? What are some advantages?	What is multiculturalism? What are the advantages and disadvantages?
What are the best free plagarism websites?	What are the best free plagarism tools?
Is universe expanding or not?	Is our universe expanding?
Who will win in the UP election?	Who will 2017 up elections?
Can the neurotransmitters be detected in the brain?	Is there a reliable way to measure neurotransmitters in the brain?
Who were the members of the Axis powers? What role did they play in WW2?	What role did the Axis countries played during WW2?
Why are cells a fundamental unit of life?	Are cells the fundamental unit of life?
How Safe and Effective is Green coffee for Weight Loss?	Is green coffee effective and safe for weight loss?
How do you overcome Writer's Block?	What do you do when you have writers block?
What are the easiest ways to make good money using the Internet?	What should I do to make money online in India?
Is there any problem to marry a woman who is 5 years older than me?	What is the impact of marrying a woman who is older than you?
Should animals be kept in zoos? What are your views on zoos? Why?	What is your opinion about keeping animals in zoos?
From where and how to learn math?	How do I learn maths properly?
Why use Quora if you can google?	Why do people use Quora when they could easily find the answer in a quick Google search?
How should one develop good presence of mind?	How can I improve my presence of mind?
Is average human intelligence decreasing?	Could human intelligence be decreasing?
Do you believe aliens have ever visited earth?	What is the probability that aliens have visited Earth?
Why does my life suck so bad?	Why does life suck?
How can I find a co-founder?	How do I find the perfect co-founder?
Is there a working Nintendo 3DS emulator for PC or Android?	When will a working nintendo 3DS emulator release ?
How can we download torrents now after the ban in India?	Can I download movies through YTS in India?
What is it like to study Psychology at Stanford?	How does it feel to study Psychology in Stanford?
How do you truly know if you're gay?	How can you know if you're gay?
How can I prevent certain friends from seeing me comment on public posts on Facebook?	How do you prevent a friend on Facebook from seeing what you like or comment on other people's posts?
I turn 21 today. What advice would you give me to have a lucrative future?	I turned 21 today. What are some advice's you would give me which would help me in the future?
What is the main difference between electrical and electronics?	What is the main ten different electrical and electronices?
How do I add a picture to my question on Quora?	How do you add an image to a question or a post on Quora?
How do you read someone's mind?	How can I read a human mind?
How can you resolve the problem of accounting software tool by quickbooks technical support number?	What is the best Quickbooks technical support number?
How can I get to know what interests me?	How can I know what is my interest?
How can green tea help you reduce belly fat?	Does green chai tea assist with weight loss?
How was the first day of college?	How was the first day of your college?
How can I get out of suicidal depression?	How do I stop suicidal depression?
What are the safety precautions on handling shotguns proposed by the NRA in Utah?	What are the safety precautions on handling shotguns proposed by the NRA in Mississippi?
How can I hack other's Whatsapp account remotely?	How can I hack someone else's WhatsApp account from a different place?
Do atheists deny God's existence because God did not reveal to them?	Are atheists in denial about God's existence and presence?
What are your three wishes?	Can you tell me any of your 3 wishes?
How can I materialize an idea?	What is the best way to materialize on an idea?
I am jobless what should I do?	What should I do if I am jobless?
How do I find a job abroad?	What is the best way to get a job in abroad?
What are the pros of population growth? What are its cons?	What are the pros and cons of population growth?
How is epoxy paint removed from cement?	How can you remove epoxy from concrete?
Is it harmful to take the milk and meat together?	Is taking meat and milk together harmful?
What are the cons of GST bill?	What are the pros and cons of the GST for the E-commerce sector in India?
Would the founder/CEO of a new/small realestate firm that did 25 broker deals this year totaling $55 million be making over 300k? What is his salary?	Would the founder/CEO of a new/small commercial real estate firm that did 25 broker deals this year totaling $55 million be making over 500K a year?
What are the books that changed your life?	Has reading a book ever changed your life? Which one?
How do I prepare for UGC NET English Literature exam?	What is the best preparation strategy for ugc net english literature?
What is the best book for English grammar?	Which are the best books to learn English grammar?
What are the difference between the US and Chinese education system?	What is the differences between American and Chinese education?
What is something you love to do?	What do you love to do?
What are some ways to delete my Yahoo Mail account?	How can you terminate your Yahoo e-mail account?
What are the questions asked in CCR in TCS?	What are the questions asked in TCS for CCR?
How important is sex in a relationship?	Is sex really that important in maintaining long term happy relationship?
When can women get pregnant in the menstrual cycle?	Is it possible to get pregnant before your regular period?
When can women get pregnant in the menstrual cycle?	Can you get pregnant 2 days before your period has ended?
How do I find whether my girl friend is cheating on me?	How do I know whether a guy is cheating on me or no?
What should I do to reduce weight?	What are the ways of losing weight?
How can I learn graphic design?	How can you learn graphic designing?
Where are some nice areas to live and work in England for a doctor?	Where are some nice areas to live in England for a doctor?
What career choice do I have after completing a B.Tech in mechanical engineering if I am interested in space research?	I'm a mechanical engineering student. What skills should I possess after completing my B.Tech?
What does the public think about mandatory seat belt laws and what are the current laws and enforcement techniques in Alabama?	What does the public think about mandatory seat belt laws and what are the current laws and enforcement techniques in Arizona?
How are game development projects version controlled?	Which version control system does game developer use?
When does love turn into obsession? How does one differentiate between the two?	When does love turn into obsession?
Can you only get pregnant during ovulation?	Do you get pregnant on your fertile days or ovulation?
How should I approach guy I like?	How can I approach a guy that I like?
Can a man love multiple women?	Is it possible for a man to love two women sincerely?
How do I get a v shaped face?	How do I get a v shaped face fast?
How do I convince investors for my startup idea?	How do I convince investors to invest in my app idea that am sure it will work?
What was the last life-changing decision you made?	What are some of the life-changing decisions that you've ever made?
Am I doing things right?	Am I doing the right thing?
How do I get funding for my web based startup idea?	How do I get seed funding pre product?
How do I participate or contribute in open source projects?	How do I start contributing for open source development?
How can I make a girl fall in love?	How can I make a girl fall in love with me?
Whom should I follow on quora?why?	Who do you suggest to follow on Quora and why?
How can I start my own food delivery service?	How do I start my own delivery company?
What does it mean if my dog is throwing up white foam?	What causes a dog to throw up white liquid?
What are the requirements to join the Canadian Army?	What are the requisites to join the Canadian army?
How can I be sure people won't steal my idea during a pitch?	How can I tell someone about a company project and make sure they won't steal my concept?
How do I stop my Husky/Border Collie puppy from chewing my socks?	How do I stop my puppy from chewing my shoes?
How do I clean my Bunn Coffeemaker?	How do you clean a Bunn Commercial Coffeemaker?
What is the best forum on the internet to subscribe in?	What is the best forum you are subscribing in on internet?
Are Samsung devices better than Apple devices?	How is Apple better than Samsung?
What are some good short films?	What are some great Short Movies?
What is the expected cut off for KVPY SA Aptitude Test 2016?	What is the cut off of KVPY SA stream?
What is the best way to reduce weight?	What are the best ways to lose weight? What is the best diet plan?
What type of car do you currently drive?	Quorans: What car do you drive?
What are the different phobias people can have?	What are the strangest phobias some people have and what causes them?
What are the top 5 books you've read?	What are the 5 best books you've read?
How do I stop my dog from humping my furniture?	How do I stop my Miniature Pinscher/Chihuahua mix to stop humping my furniture?
Why do people ask questions on Quora that have been asked and answered countless times?	Why do people add questions on Quora when they've already been asked?
How do I get Ratan Tata scholarship at Cornell?	What is the procedure for applying for a Tata scholarship in Cornell University?
What are the best ways to earn money from home?	What are the best ways to make money online?
How can I start preparing for civil service examination?	How should I start preparing for UPSC(IAS) exams?
What is the best way to promote your novel on Quora?	My first novel is out in print. How can I promote it here on Quora?
Why do people compare Ronaldo and Messi?	Why does people compare Messi With Ronaldo?
What is the best way to get six pack abs apart from going to the gym?	How do I get 6 pack abs without hitting gym?
Why there is no upvote option for a good question like this?	Quora: Why doesn't Quora have an upvote option for a Question?
Which women have iinie outie belly button?	Which actresses have an outie belly button?
What is the best way to get experience in cyber security?	How can I get started to learn information security?
What is cultural integration? What are some examples of cultural integration?	What are some examples of cultural integration?
Who can win the US presidential elections?	Who do you think wins this US presidential election?
Is it possible to send Morse code by finger tapping?	How do you send Morse code just by tapping?
What is the proof for big bang theory in simple words?	What proof exists for the big bang theory?
What are the dangers of radio wave transmission?	What are some of the dangers of radio waves?
What is a good way to get an internship at Quora?	How can I get an internship in Quora?
What are some good undervalued stocks to buy right now?	What stocks are a good buy now?
How can I improve my sleep quality?	How can I improve sleep quality?
I am using Quora app. I need to answer the question as anonymous. How to do it?	How do you answer an question on Quora in Anonymous?
What is the Indian President's salary?	What is the President's salary in India?
What are the differences between ASIC and FPGA?	What is the difference between ASIC and FPGA?
What is the best football formation to win a game?	What is football's best formation and why?
How can I gain weight on my body?	How do I gain some healthy weight?
What is core banking system? What are its functions?	What are the core banking systems? What purpose do they serve?
How did Donald Trump get elected?	How did Trump get Elected?
Which is a better ebook reader? Kindle Voyage or Kindle Oasis?	Which ebook reader is a better value for money buy? Kindle Voyage or Oasis?
How can one be a good listener?	What should I do to be a better listener?
How strong is the Hulk?	How strong is the Incredible Hulk?
Should people over 91 not be allowed to vote?	Should people over 96 not be allowed to vote?
Are aliens already living on Earth and influencing or controlling human affairs?	Are Aliens living amongst us?
How can I increase the traffic to a website?	How do I increase organic traffic to website?
What is the best solution for Kashmir problem?	What is the possible solution for Kashmir issue?
Is it acceptable to answer your own question?	Is it weird to answer your own question?
How many days before my period can I get pregnant?	When is she less likely to get pregnant?
Who are the Palestinians on Quora?	Are there any Palestinians on Quora?
How do I design an Android app using NetBeans IDE?	How do I make an Android app using NetBeans IDE?
What is the point of answering questions on Quora?	What pleasure do people get from answering questions on Quora?
What are some mind-blowing futuristic gadgets that exist that most people don't know about?	What are some mind-blowing tech tools that most people don't know about?
How can we be interested in studies?	How do I get interest in studies?
How do I hire a legit hacker?	How do I contact a real hacker?
Where in Pune I can get butter chicken khichadi?	Where can I get butter chicken khichadi in Pune?
Is there anyway to retrieve my deleted emails from my Gmail account?	How can I recover my old mail from a Gmail account?
Why does smoking make you lose weight?	Will smoking cigarettes make me lose weight? Why or why not?
Was anyone successful in using jio 4g sim in 3g phone?	How do I use the Jio 4G sim in 3G cellphone?
Is there any way to hack facebook account?	How do paid hackers hack Facebook profiles?
Do you earn money while using Quora or answering question in Quora?	How can I make money with Quora answers?
Why is nitrogen classified as a inert gas?	Why is nitrogen referred to as an inert gas?
Why is the sky blue color?	Why does the Earth have blue sky?
Why do my questions need improvement when they're in perfect English?	Why does every question on Quora need improvement ?
What are the physiological effects of drinking heavy water (deuterium oxide)?	What are the effects on body after drinking heavy water?
How can I deal with jealousy?	How do I control my jealousy?
Why do so many new businesses fail?	Why do 98% of all new businesses fail in the first five year?
Which answer on Quora got the most likes yet?	Which is the most upvoted answer of Quora?
How will president Trump's love of Twitter affect the company’s value and stock (TWTR) price?	What is Donald Trump's monetary value to Twitter (the company)?
What are ways to lose belly fat?	What are the best cardio exercises for skinny people that have lower belly fat?
What are criticisms of Windows 10?	What are some criticisms of Windows 10?
Why did Putin intervene in Syria?	Why is Putin in Syria?
How can I delete an old Facebook account that I forgot it's password?	How can I open my Facebook account I forgot my password and Gmail?
Can you get pregnant the day before your period starts?	Can i get pregnant the day after my period ends?
What are the easy ways to earn money online?	Is there any easy way to make money online?
How do I build rapport with anybody?	How can I build rapport fast with anybody?
What would really happen if Donald Trump became President of the United States?	What would happen to the US if Donald Trump became the president?
How likely is a nuclear war with Russia in the next few years?	Will there be a war between Russia and America?
How does starving help to lose weight?	Should I starve myself to lose weight?
What are the advantages and disadvantages of GST bill?	What are the disadvantages of GST bill?
What are the best available smartphones gadgets?	What are some of the best phones tools and gadgets?
What will be the impact of banning Rs. 500 and Rs. 1000 on the Indian economy?	What will be the effects after banning on 500 and 1000 rupee notes?
Non-Disclosure Agreements: How long is an NDA valid?	Non-Disclosure Agreements: For how long is the average NDA in effect?
How can I slim down my face?	My face is fat. How do I slim down my moon face?
What the best way to improve English?	How can I improve in English?
How do I invest 10 crore for tax saving?	How do I invest 10 crore?
What are some ways to increase typing speed on keyboard?	How do I improve my standard typing speed per minute?
What is the natural way to increase height at age of 20?	How can I increase in height after 20 years?
Is SRCC GBO worth joining or is it a course with only a name and not any structure?	Is GBO from SRCC worth 2 years? How are the placements?
What are some effective ways to stop global warming?	Do we have any good ways to stop global warming?
Why do dogs chase cats?	Do dogs chase cats?
Why is talking to a girl online and in person different?	Why is talking to girls online and in person different?
What does an explosion in space look like?	What would explosions in space look like?
How can I fix HP hard disk error 303?	Hard disk error 303 or 305—how do I fix this?
What's your favorite animal?	What are your favorite animals?
What are the top MBA schools that take people with no work experience?	What are the top MBA colleges in India that take people with no job experience?
How can I reduce overthinking?	How do I reduce overthinking?
How can we develop quick decision making abilities?	How can I become better at quick decision making?
Why does India need Swachh Bharat Abhiyan?	What is the importance of Swachh Bharat Abhiyan?
What is meant by surer foundations?	What is meant ny surer foundations?
Is there a way to learn programming language quickly? How can I do it?	What are best resources to learn programming for a beginner?
What business would/could you start right now with $100?	What lucrative business can I start with $100?
What is the meaning of living life?	What is the purpose of life?
What are the negative ANd positive effects of demonitisation?	What is the positive and negative effect of demonetization on our economy?
Why is the government abruptly banning the 500 Rupees and the 1000 rupees currency notes in India?	What do you think about ban on Rs. 500 and Rs. 1000 currency notes?
Which is the best timepass game for Android?	What are good timepass game for Android?
Why should we learn history?	Why do we have to learn history?
What was the importance of the Battle of Somme?	What were the main causes of the Battle of the Somme?
What are some ways to get rich?	Can I be rich?
Which are the best questions ever asked in Quora?	Which is the best question ever asked in Quora?
How do I block websites on Chrome?	How can I block sites on Google Chrome?
Who is your favourite artist and why?	Who's your favourite artist?
What are some good places to visit in Kerala on tour?	What are the best places to visit in Kerala? What is the best way of transportation there?
What will Arnab Goswami do after quitting Times now?	What do you think Arnab Goswami will do after coming out of times now?
How did Texas become a state?	When did Texas become a state?
How can I hack a bank account number?	How do you hack bank accounts?
How much time will it take to learn Russian?	How MUCH TIME IT WILL TAKE TO learn RUSSIAN?
What can cause third world war?	What will most likely cause World War III?
Why will no one answer my question on Quora?	Why don't people answer me on Quora?
Which is the most liked picture in facebook?	How do i know what are most liked pictures in a year/month in a Facebook page?
How does a physiotherapist become a surgeon?	Can a physiotherapist become a surgeon?
What is National Eligibility Test?	What is a National Eligibility test?
How does Argentina celebrate independence day?	How does Argentina celebrate its Independence Day?
What are the most common lies told by a Software Developer?	What are the most common lies told by programmers?
Which has been the biggest political scam in India till date?	What is the biggest scam in india now?
What is the best porn movie ever?	What are some of the best porn movies?
What is the best way to earn respect?	How do I earn respect?
What is it like being rich?	What's it like to be rich as in 1% rich?
How can I learn Python faster and effectively?	How do I learn Python Programming the most effective way?
Which mobile phone is the best under 15k?	Which phone is best to buy under 15k?
How can I be a porn actor?	How I be a porn star?
How do I clear the bank PO while working for 10 hrs?	How do I clear bank PO while working for 10 hrs?
How much of Harry Potter and The Cursed Child was written by J.K. Rowling?	Did J.K. Rowling write Harry Potter and the Cursed Child? How much of it was written by Rowling?
Which is the best gaming laptop under Rs.60000 in India?	Which is the best gaming laptop in 60000 Rs?
What are the best answers in Quora?	What are some of the best answers on Quora?
Which are the 10 best Hollywood movies?	Which is the all time best Hollywood movie?
What companies offer data science internships in India?	What companies offer data science internship in India?
What is the difference between Shia and Sunni?	What is the difference between Sunnis and Shias?
What is the difference between Information technology and Computer Science & Engineering?	What are the differences between Computer Science Engineering and Information Technology?
What is the difference between an i7 and an i5?	What is the diference between i7 and i5?
What is the simplest way to forget someone?	Which is the easiest way to forget someone?
How do I become a security architect in future?	How do I become a security architect?
How can I lose weight loss?	What is the best way to be in a calorie deficit and lose weight successfully?
How do I love and hate a person at the same time?	Is it possible to love and hate a person at the same time?
How can I become a good writer?	How do you become a very good writer?
Medicine and Healthcare: What is the best way to get methamphetamine a out of your system?	How can I dilute meth out of my system?
Should people over 100 not be allowed to vote?	Should people over 88 not be allowed to vote?
How can I make money online for free?	How do I to make money online?
AVG antivirus technical support phone number to install AVG antivirus software setup?	Avg antivirus 1800</v\>251<’-‘>4919 Avg tech support phone number 24x7?
Who was a better Dumbledore -- Richard Harris (RIP) or Michael Gambon?	Who played a better Dumbledore: Richard Harris or Michael Gambon?
Is suicide ever the answer?	When does suicide become the answer?
What are the effective ways to practice self-discipline?	How can I re-learn self-discipline?
I want to stop comparing myself to others. What should I do? Can you help me?	How can I stop comparing myself with others?
What will be Hillary Clinton's India policy if she wins the election?	What are Hillary Clinton's plans on relations with India?
What is faith? How do you define your faith?	What is faith and how do you define it?
Can we invest in a PPF account as installments?	What are the benefits of PPF account in India?
How is concentration gradient used in biology?	How is a concentration gradient used in biology?
How does Vaseline help heal cuts?	Does Vaseline help heal cuts more quickly?
What is some good free 2D animation software (windows)?	What is the best 2d animation software?
How do I deal with depression?	How do I deal with this depression of mine?
What is the scariest or creepiest movie you have ever seen?	What is the scariest movie you've ever seen?
What are the best autobiographical/ biographical books that I can read?	Which is the best biographical book that you would label as a "must read"?
Which is the best sitcom of all time?	What are the best sitcoms?
Which is the best app in the Play Store for knowledge?	Which are the best apps on the Play Store for knowledge and recreation?
How will demonetization affect the money kept in Swiss banks?	What will be the effect of banning 500 and 1000 notes on people having money in Swiss banks?
Do Trump voters care that he has reneged all his campaign promises?	What do Trump supporters think about the fact that he is going back on many of his campaign promises? Do you feel betrayed or disappointed?
What is the best earphone under 2000Rs?	What's the best earphones in India under 2000?
Why is my MacBook Air giving me minor shocks while charging?	Why does my MacBook Air shock me when I charge it?
Modi's announcement on banning 500 and 1000 currency notes. How would it affect economy?	How is banning 500 and 1000 INR going to help Indian economy?
How important should sex be in a relationship?	Is sex really that important in maintaining long term happy relationship?
How can one sell on Flipkart?	How do I sell on Flipkart?
What is the treatment for constipation?	What's the remedies for constipation?
Why didn't Michael Collins land on the moon?	Why was Michael Collins in the space module orbiting the moon while Neil and Buzz were stepping onto the moon?
Is there life on other planets?	Is there life on other planets and are they more advanced than us?
Is there any legitimate reasons for Hitler hating Jews?	Why did Hitler kill so many jews?
What is the difference between a server and a database?	What is the difference between database and server?
How do I come out of comfort zone?	How can I push myself out of my comfort zone?
What did Roman soldiers wear for protection?	What did the Romans soldiers wear in battle?
How can I add Dublin Core to a website?	How do you add Dublin Core to website?
How did Donald Trump win the presidency?	How did Donald Trump win the Presidential election?
How I can ask question on Quora?	How do I post a question in Quora?
Why are so many Quora users posting questions that are readily answered on Google?	Why are so many questions posted to Quora that are so easily answered by using Google?
Which is the best university to do distance MBA in India?	Which institutes in India offer best distance learning MBA Programs?
What is the smallest unit computer store?	What is the smallest unit of storage in a computer?
What is the most mind-blowing trivia about a Bollywood movie you know?	What are the some amazing facts about a Bollywood movie?
Which is the most epic song ever?	What is the most powerful / epic song you know?
How do I get a girl’s number if I’m scared?	How do you get a girl’s number?
How do I apply and receive pan card in 48 hours with new facilities?	How do I apply online for a PAN card free of cost?
How do I activate Roku channels?	How do you activate Roku?
Should homosexuality be decriminalised in India?	Should homosexuality be legalised in India? Why or why not?
What would happen if an unstoppable object hit an unmovable object?	What happens when an unstoppable object collides with an immovable object?
Where can I find best hotel in Bhopal?	Where can I find best hotel in Bhopal for staying in holidays?
How can I recover deleted photos from app lock new version?	How can I recover deleted data from app lock?
Early Childhood Education: How do I start to teach my child to read?	How did you teach your children to read?
Why doesn't Hillary Clinton win the White House if she won the popular vote?	How is Hillary Clinton winning popular vote but didn't win election?
What are good jobs for people with autism?	What are good jobs for autistic people?
At what age do you think of a person as being "old"?	At what age to you start to think of someone as "old" or "elderly"?
How can I improve my pronunciation in English?	What can I do to practice my English?
How do I deal with anxiety?	How should I deal with anxiety?
Where can I get various range of bouncing castles & jumping castles in Sydney?	Where can I find best Jumping Castles in Sydney?
When will the housing bubble burst in the Bay Area?	When will the housing bubble in the Bay Area burst?
How do I ask someone a question on Quora?	How can I ask my question on Quora?
What's the aim of life?	What is the aim of the life?
How do promote your website for free?	How can I promote my website for free?
Which is the best laptop to buy under INR 50K?	What are the best laptops around 50k?
Is it possible to stop masturbating?	How do I stop masturbation permanently?
Where can I get fantastic value in Sydney for floor tiles?	Where can I get affordable shopping experience for floor tiles?
What would happen if currency notes (money) would have an expiry date?	What would happen if currency notes have an expiry date?
Which is best phone under 10000?	Which is the best smartphones under 10k in India?
Is 293 a good score for gre?	Is 319 a good score for GRE?
Does China manipulate its currency? What is its impact?	Is China unfairly manipulating its currency?
What are the places to visit in Kerala during September last and October 1st?	What are the best places to visit in Kerala for 3 to 4 days?
How do you treat an inner thighs burning sensation?	How do you treat a burning sensation in the inner thigh?
How do I learn C?	What is the easiest way to learn C?
What should I do to make money online in India?	What is make money online?
Why did M*A*S*H end?	Why did M*A*S*H go off the air?
Can I get arrested for downloading movies from torent in India?	Is downloading from torrent is still illegal in India?
What are some jobs in marketing communications?	What are some careers in Marketing communications?
What is the main function of a database management system?	What is the purpose of database management system?
What daily habits can someone adopt to lead a more productive life?	What are the habits you should adopt as an adult to lead a remarkable life ahead?
How do I improve my guitar skills?	How do I play guitar better?
Is there life on other planets?	Is there any evidence of life on other planets?
What are some ways to learn magic?	How can I learn magic?
Is there any possibility to get into IIM through GATE?	Can I get into IIM through the GATE?
What are the factors on which Google maintains the ranking of URL's?	What are the top 200 ranking signals Google uses?
What are the major differences between Chinese culture and Western cultures?	What are the biggest differences between Chinese culture and western culture?
What are the best self-help books you've ever read?	Which is the best self help book you've ever read?
What are the easy ways to earn money online?	What are the easiest ways to earn money online?
How many supercomputers are there in iit kharagpur?	Is there a supercomputer in IIT kharagpur?
How do I lose weight ayurvedically?	How do I lose weight without stopping?
What are some mind blowing smartphones gadgets?	What are some of the best smartphones technology gadgets?
What are systematic errors?	What are examples of systematic errors?
What is the best way to quit crystal meth?	What are some things that will help you quit using crystal meth?
Is Manhattan a good place to raise children?	What are the best places in Manhattan to raise a family?
What are some brilliant features of Indian constitution?	What is the most outstanding feature of the Indian Constitution?
Can Donald Trump win this Tuesday?	Could Donald Trump actually win and become POTUS?
What is the best way to make someone forgive you?	How can you make someone forgive you?
What happens if both Hillary Clinton and Donald Trump drop out of the election?	What would happen if Hillary Clinton and Donald Trump both suddenly dropped out right now?
What is it like to attend Williams College?	What has your experience been like at Williams College?
What will be the impact of banning Rs. 500 and Rs. 1000 on the Indian economy?	How it will the latest change in the denominations of Rs. 500 and 1000 affect the economy?
Who will 2017 up elections?	Who will win the UP elections?
What can be done to overcome the fear of flying?	How can one get over a fear of flying?
What is the difference between scripting and programming?	What is the difference between scripting language (Bash/Python) and usual programming language (C/C++)?
Why does quora mark my questions as needing improvement?	How should I edit my question correctly if Quora marks down my question for improvement?
Why do people call Trump racist?	Is there any proof Donald Trump is racist?
How do I deal with depression?	How can I get rid of my depression?
Is it possible to lose 5 pounds in 2 weeks without a regular diet?	How can you lose 5 pounds in 2 weeks safely?
What is the total number of seats available (govt and pvt.) in NEET 2016?	How many seats are in NEET 2016?
Why do ladies often go to the bathroom together?	Why do multiple females go to the bathroom at the sametime?
How can we define the American dream?	What is "The American dream"?
What is the best area to stay in Miami with your family?	What area the best areas in Miami to stay with your family?
How can you speak and learn fluent English like Karan Johar?	How can I learn English well？?
What is a human rights in Ghana?	What are the human rights in Ghana?
Why am I always tired all day? I sleep fine and I have no health concerns?	Why am I always tired?
What is the possibility of war between India and Pakistan after surgical operation?	Is there any possibility of Indo Pak war after India's surgical strike?
Who is your favorite youtuber and why?	Who is your favorite Youtuber?
Does eBiz real or fake?	Is ebiz real or fake?
What are some ways to make money from YouTube?	How do I make money through YouTube?
Which is the best book for SQL?	How do I learn SQL?
Is marrying a boy 6 months younger than me correct?	Can there be any major issue in future if my wife is 6 months elder than me?
How can I create a new topic on Quora?	How do I add a topic to Quora?
What are the most relaxing songs you have ever heard?	What are the most soothing songs that you have ever heard?
What is the best hilarious joke you have ever heard?	What's the funniest highbrow joke you've ever heard?
Under which situation you need to create abstract method?	When do you really need to create an abstract class?
How does an ideal gas differ from a real gas?	What is the difference between an ideal gas and a real gas?
How do I reduce my anger?	Which is the best way to control anger?
How should I tell my parents that I am an atheist?	How do I tell my parents I am an atheist?
What is the difference between moving-iron and moving-coil instruments?	What is difference between moving coil and moving iron ammeter?
How do I learn quickly?	How can we learn faster?
How is Shah Rukh Khan in real life?	How is Shah Rukh Khan as a person?
How can you wash polyester fabric without dry cleaning?	How can you wash 100% polyester fabric without dry cleaning?
What is your review of FundsIndia?	How was your experience investing through FundsIndia?
What does Hillary Clinton plan to do with illegal immigrants?	What plan does Hillary Clinton have for immigrants?
What can you tell about the concentration of compounds in the brain from a urine sample?	Is it possible to have all the compounds in your brain classified from a urine sample?
What is wrong with my computer?	What is wrong with my computer!?
What's the easiest way to concentrate on studies?	How should I concentrate on studies?
Can we get rid of blackheads quickly?	How can you get rid of blackheads quickly?
How do I solve programming problem?	How do I solve the programming problem?
How aeroplanes fly?	How do airplanes fly?
What is the difference between an assistant engineer and a junior engineer?	What is difference between assistant engineer and junior engineer?
What makes us say that someone is a philosopher?	What are the things which prove someone as a philosopher?
What are the best ways to edit videos?	How do I edit videos?
What do you think would be the worst thing that can happen if Trump is elected as president?	What is the worst thing trump could do?
Where is the Friends cast now?	Where is the cast of Friends now?
What is the finest web hosting service provider in India?	Which is the best Web Hosting Service provider in India?
I'm wanna learn how to make chocolate cake?	How can I make a delicious chocolate cake?
How do I get out of jury duty?	What can you say to get excused from jury duty?
What is the most interesting fact that you know but I don't?	What are some interesting facts that you don't know but I should?
Is it possible for a society to exist without law?	Is it possible to have civilization without laws?
How do I unlock disable iPhone 5?	How do you unlock an iPhone that is locked?
When were the first sewers built in Europe?	When was the first sewer built in Europe and how did people maintain them?
What is the most important photography contest in the world?	What are the most popular photography competitions around the world?
How were the 7 continents formed?	How did the 7 continents form?
Does redbull energy drink contain bull semen?	Does Redbull energy drink actually contain bull semen in it?
Is it possible make time machine?	Is it possible to make a time machine?
What's the best way to learn English?	What is the best way or resources to learn english like a native speakers?
Where can I find a link to download an eBook by S.S. Rattan on the theory of machines?	Where can I find a link to download an eBook by S.R. Rattan on Theory of Machines?
Why do some people think that having a baby is a blessing?	Why is having a baby a blessing?
How should I start investing in mutual funds through SIP? Which plans give higher returns?	How should I start investing in mutual funds through SIPs?
What are some of the worst business decisions of all time?	What are some of the worst business decisions in history?
What is the difference between the representation of variance and standard deviation?	What is the difference between variance and standard deviation?
Did the surgical strikes really happen?	Did India do surgical strikes inside POK ?
Which water purifier is best to buy?	Which is the best water purifier for the home? Where can I buy the best water purifier in India?
How does Higgs Boson impart mass to other particles?	How do particles get mass in Higgs Boson?
How can I earn money by you tube?	How can I earn money from You Tube?
What are the major characteristics of an algorithm?	What are the main characteristics of an algorithm?
Which are the best courses offered by IIMs?	What are the courses offered by the IIMs?
What philosophers were most critical of Hume's philosophical theories?	What philosophers were most critical of Hume?
What is the difference between online ups and offline ups?	How could I differentiate between online UPS and offline UPS from their circuit and working?
Does college ranking matter?	Do college rankings really matter?
What happens to the mass of an object if it travels with the speed of light?	What happens to a mass of an object when it moves with the speed of light?
Quora: How do you post a question on Quora?	How do I ask someone a question on Quora?
What kind of Hydroxycut should you take and why? What kind of Hydroxycut are there and how are they different?	Why should you take hydroxycut before a meal?
How can someone new to San Francisco meet people?	What would be the best way for someone meet people and create a social circle in San Francisco?
Which is the best phone under ₹15000?	Which is best mobile under 15000?
How is a magnetism created?	What creates magnetism in magnets?
Why is China supporting Pakistan terrorism?	Why does China support Pakistan inspite of all the proofs against Pakistan?
Why did Indian government stopped making 1000 rupee note and started making 2000 instead?	Why did the Indian government demonetize the current 500 and 1000 rupee notes and replace them with new notes?
What are the resolutions you are going to take for the upcoming New year 2017?	What is your resolution for this year 2017?
How come liberal media asks Ivanka Trump what she feels about her father's treatment of women but they do not ask Chelsea Clinton the same question?	Why does the media never ask Chelsea Clinton about her father's treatment of women but constantly asks Ivanka Trump?
What is the funniest thing your pet has ever done?	What is the funniest thing your pets have ever done?
Why we can say that India is a sovereign state?	Is India a dominion or sovereign state?
What kind of cell phone does Bill Gates own/use?	What kind of phone does Bill Gates have?
What is the definition for introvert and extrovert?	What is basically an introvert and an extrovert?
Is Jesus historically real?	Was Jesus real?
How do I prepare for geography in upsc?	How should I prepare for UPSC 2017 with Geography as optional?
Which is the best course for digital marketing?	I am MBA (Marketing) Student. I want to pursue Digital marketing Course. So where Can I find best course of Digital Marketing? Is there any Institute in Mumbai who are providing the Digital marketing Course?
What does it mean if a dog throws up yellow liquid?	What does it mean if a dog is throwing up yellow foam? How can it be treated?
What effect does Donald Trump's campaign have on his other business?	What effect would Trump's campaign and utterances have on his future or even exiting business dealings?
Movie Review: What is your review of Rouge One: A Star Wars Story (2016 movie)?	Did you enjoy “Rogue One: A Star Wars Story”?
How do I make my study more interesting?	How can I make studying more interesting?
What is the best to study medicine in Germany or France?	Which country is the best choice to study medicine France or Germany?
How can I grow a beard faster?	How do I grow a beard fast?
What is the best way to control our emotions?	How one can control impulsive emotions?
How do I stop caring about what others think?	What are some psychological tricks to stop caring about what people think?
"Believers:" What makes you think your religion is the right one?	What makes you believe the religion you practice is the right one?
How do i get started on machine learning?	What is the best way to get started with Machine Learning?
How can I learn to be okay being alone?	How do you become comfortable being alone?
What is the Nuclear Non-Proliferation Treaty?	What is non proliferation treaty?
How do I make myself want to eat less?	How can I eat less?
What is the best programming language I should start learning?	What is the best programming language to learn(in your opinion)?
How do I approach a guy?	How can I approach this guy that I like?
What are the creepiest paranormal experiences one ever had?	Has anyone ever had any experiences with a supernatural entity?
How do you overcome depression and loneliness?	How does anyone overcome depression?
What are some of the best kept secrets of India?	What is best kept secret in India?
What is the best song that one must listen to?	What are some good songs to listen to?
What is the definition of dude?	What is the meaning of dude?
How can I make money online consistently?	How could I make money online?
How long does it take to learn the piano?	How many days does it take to learn to play the piano?
How do you talk someone out of committing suicide?	How do you talk someone down from committing suicide?
What is Jetblue airlines customer service number?	What is JetBlue Airlines customer service phone number?
What do you think of the new MacBook Pro that was released late 2016? Is it worth buying?	Is the new Macbook Pro 2016 an over priced disappointment?
What is the best way to earn money through online?	Can we really earn money online? How?
Can the unrest happening in Kashmir be blamed upon the rigged 1987 state assembly elections of J&K?	Were the 1987 Kashmir Assembly elections really rigged?
What does Quora mean?	Does Quora stand for QUestion OR Answer?
Is Buddha considered an avatar of Krishna? Why?	Who and why is Lord Buddha(not Gautama Buddha) an avatar of Lord Krishna?
What is the difference between a good kisser and a bad kisser?	What makes for bad kissers and good kissers?
Can the Supreme Court of India interfere on the banned of 500 and 1000 notes by the government?	Can supreme court in India cancel government decision on demonetization?
What is TIC?	What is a tic?
Is it possible that Donald Trump is campaigning very badly "intentionally" in order to Hillary Clinton can win?	Did Hillary Clinton use Donald Trump as a way to have no relevant Political opponent?
Different option in gwt way of tally?	Different option in gatwayof tally?
What is the eligibility criteria for the SSC?	What is the eligible criteria for SSC?
What is the best way to improve reading comprehension skill?	What are some ways to improve critical reading and reading comprehension skills?
(Make America Great) When was America ever great?	When exactly was America great?
Which will be the best budget laptop under 30k?	What is the best laptop under 30k for students?
What are some mind-blowing technology gadgets that exist that most people don't know about?	What are some mind-blowing gadgets and technologies that exist that most people don't know about?
What's the best way to learn German?	What is the best way to learn the German language?
Do you believe in reincarnation? Why?	How many of you believe in reincarnation?
Why do republicans not believe in climate change?	Why are so many Republicans climate change deniers?
What is the story behind Bloody Mary?	Is there a true story of bloody Mary?
Which motivational songs would you recommend?	What is a motivational song?
How can I increase the traffic to a website?	How do i get traffic for website?
Why do people ask questions on Quora that are easily to find answers too on Google?	Why do some people ask simple direct science questions in Quora when there are sufficient resources available in internet?
Is it that easy to forget your love?	Is it easy to forget your first love?
Who is a Hypocrite?	What is that thing(s) that makes you a hypocrite?
Can I get a loan against my mineral rights?	How do I get a loan against my mineral rights?
Now what will happen to black money deposited in Swiss and other banks after banning of current Indian currency notes?	What will happen to corruption money deposited by Indian politicians in Swiss bank after banning 500 and 1000 rupees notes?
How can I lose weight ?	How do I lose weight in a short time?
What is the WORST thing that ever happened to you for doing something good or nice?	What was the worst thing happened to you for being nice?
How do I get a online job a real online job?	What are some real online jobs that pay?
What are the essential elements of a real friendship?	What are key elements to a successful friendship?
How do I approach sponsors for college events?	How do I approach a sponsor for a college fest?
How do I download from torrent?	How do I download any material from Torrentz?
Which are the most underrated Bollywood actors and actresses?	Which Bollywood actors are underrated?
How are Corn Nuts made?	How can corn nuts be made?
What do you think about the rapist Donald Trump?	What do you think about Donald Trump and his campaign?
What is best porn site?	Which are the best porn sited?
Which is the best earphone with good mic quality under Rs 1000?	Which are the best earphones with mic (truebass) under Rs. 1000?
What is the best book to read to learn Java?	What are the best books to learn Java?
How might Hurricane Matthew affect the elections in 2016?	Will Hurricane Matthew impact the 2016 presidential election?
What are the best one liners you have ever come across?	What is the best one-liner or quote that you have come across?
Is it possible to gain height after 20?	Can a person increase his/her height even after 20?
How do I increase my level of confidence?	What should I do to increase my confidence?
Can humans have sex in space?	Can human have sex on space?
Why shouldn't we vote for Donald Trump?	Why should the people not vote for Donald Trump?
Which is the best laptop under Rs 60000 for gaming in India?	What is the best gaming laptop I can buy under 60000 in India?
Who benefits from a massive DDoS attack on Dyn?	What are the benefits to perpetrators behind DDOS Attack on DYN?
Should a start a YouTube channel that reviews apps?	Is it a good idea to start an apps reviews youtube channel?
How do I know my life partner loves me truly?	How do you know if your partner really loves you?
Which are the best books for physics?	Which book is best book for physics?
Who owns the most businesses?	Which people have owned the most businesses?
What is the best way to write blog?	How do we write blogs?
What is normal force? What are some examples?	What are some examples of normal force?
Do indian girls masturbate ?	Do Indian girls masturbate?
Is Modi will do something against reservation?	Is modi government doing anything to remove caste based reservation?
What is the benefit of learning SQL?	What are the advantages of learning SQL?
How can I ping a phone?	How do I ping my friends phone?
What is the most funny moments of your life?	What are the funny moments in your life?
What is Tim Cook like?	What is Tim Cook like in person?
What are the new technology you heard?	What are some new technologies?
How can one reduce his lust instinct and live a purer life?	How does one reduce lust instinct and live a purer life?
Why do folks ask questions on Quora that a Google search could answer faster and more accurately?	Why do we need to use Quora when we have Google to search for answers?
Can you get pregnant 16 days after your period?	Can a woman get pregnant three days into her cycle?
How much is a pound of weed?	How much is a lb of weed?
Why do some people answer the questions in Quora by copy paste from Google answers?	I try to answer the questions with my own knowledge. Why do people just quote google?
What are the chances of getting pregnant 3 days after the period is over?	Is it possible to get pregnant before period or after period ends?
What are some must see places in coorg?	What are the places to visit in coorg?
Why is bluing agent used?	Why is bluing agent used to whiten the white clothes? How does it work?
What is the difference between rational no. And fractions?	What is difference between rational and fraction numbers?
What is make money online?	What is the easiest way to earn money from online?
Why have you accepted Islam?	Why did you accept Islam?
What does it feel like to go from physically attractive to unattractive?	what does it feel like to go from attractive to unattractive?
What is one thing that you should never do in your life?	What are some things you should never do in your life?
Can honey really fade acne scars?	Does honey fade scars?
What would be a conversation like between Dr. Sheldon cooper and Joey?	What will happen if Sheldon Cooper meets Joey Tribbiani?
How is the coefficient of kinetic friction calculated?	How is the coefficient of kinetic friction found?
Which is the best institute for an MTech in civil engineering?	What is the best stream for a M.Tech in Civil Engineering?
How can we calculate atomic mass?	How do you calculate the atomic mass of an element?
Why doesn't ISIS have terrorist attacks in Israel?	Why are there no ISIS attacks on Israel?
Which is the best Java framework?	What is the best Java framework?
Will there be mht-cet for engineering in 2017?	Will MHT-CET (engineering) be held in 2017?
How do I earn money from the Internet?	What is the easiest way to earn money from online?
Do teachers look down on low scoring students?	Do teachers or professors look down on students who score low on test?
What are some interesting sites to learn Spanish for free?	Which website is best to learn Spanish for free?
What is the difference between technical consultant and technical support engineers?	What is the difference between technical consultant and support engineers?
How do I earn from Quora?	How do I earn from qoura?
What is main cause of cancer?	What causes cancer?
How can you speak and learn fluent English like Karan Johar?	HOw do I speak Fluent English?
Is cloud computing on premise or off premise?	Is social clouds are runing on premise or off premise?
How to reduce my tummy?	What should I do to get flat tummy?
How do I increase the rank on my website in SEO?	How do I increase the page rank of my blog?
What should India do to get entire Pakistan and Bangladesh back? If china occupy Tibet illegally why can't we get our partitioned land?	When will India get back POK illegally captured by Pakistan ?
How can I make someone feel important?	What are the various ways you use to make others feel important? How does it benefit that person?
How porn is made?	How is porn made?
Who is a common man?	What is a common man?
What is the difference between mutually exclusive and independent events?	What is the difference between mutually exclusive events and independent events?
How do you unlock an iPad?	How do you remove a forgotten password on an iPad?
Indian government demonetized Rs 500 and 1000 notes but replaced them with 500 and 2000 note. Isn't this contradicting?	Why do you think Indian government has demolished RS 500 and RS 1000 notes?
What are some ways to make money doing nothing?	How do I make money from nothing?
How long is this planet (Earth) going to last? What are the predictions?	How long will earth last?
Is WWE real or fake? Is the result decided before the match?	Are the fights on WWE real or just an act?
Does alcohol increase or decrease blood pressure?	Does alcohol increase blood pressure?
What is the best sex experience you've ever had? (gay or straight)	What's the best sex you have ever had?
What can I do to control my dreams?	Can we control our dreams?
What is the oldest book ever written?	What is the oldest book in the history of mankind someone can tell me?
What is the best business plan?	What is the best business plan ever?
What are the best lotions for tanning beds?	What is the best cheap tanning bed lotion?
Why did Trump win?	How and Why did Donald Trump win the election?
How do I start a business in a developing country?	How do I start a business (a small business) that works in a developed country in a developing country?
Why World War III are inevitable?	Are we heading toward World War 3?
Who is the best bodybuilder?	Who is the best bodybuilder of all time?
What are ways to lose belly fat?	What should I do for belly fat?
What was your good deed for today?	What was your good deed of today?
What is a non-political opinion you have that is unpopular?	What is a non-political opinion you have that is likely very unpopular?
Why do people write questions on Quora that could be answered with a quick web search?	Why do so many people ask questions on Quora that can be found in a Google search?
What is the average placement package of the branches in IEM Kolkata?	What about the placement of IEM Kolkata?
What is it in soil that makes it smell so good after the first rain?	Why does ground smell after it rains?
How can I build games?	How do I build a game?
What is it like to attend a Trump rally?	What was it like attending a Trump Rally?
What are the latest updates of JEE Main 2017?	What is the latest updates on JEE Main 2017?
What should be my exercise routine to lose weight or to get a good shape?	What’s the best exercise routine to lose weight?
What are the possible solutions to maintain international security in Europe and Southeast Asia?	What points can be discussed on the topic of Maintenance of International security especially in Europe and South East Asia?
How well did Steve Jobs and Bill Gates get along with each other?	Are Bill Gates and Steve Jobs friends?
How can I get into Internet security?	How can I get started to learn information security?
Why are dimples so attractive on gals?	Why are dimples such a cherished trait?
What are the best ways to think of ideas for a startup in India?	What are the best ideas for Startup in India?
What should I do to make my parents understand me?	What can I do to make my parents understand me?
How do I learn C programming through internet?	What are some of the best online sites where I can learn C programming?
Why do people think Donald Trump is better than Hillary Clinton?	Why would many vote for Donald Trump over Hillary Clinton?
What are the benefits of drinking mint tea?	What are the health benefits of mint tea?
What would you do if you woke up one morning to find you were five years old again?	What would you do if you woke up one day and were 5 years old again? What would you do if you realized that your whole life was just a dream?
Should I learn python or Java first?	What should I pick between Java and Python first?
What is the best route to choose after completing a B.Tech in mechanical?	What are all the available options for government jobs after completing B.Tech in mechanical engineering?
What is IQ?	What is an IQ?
How do I tell my crazy for god dad that I don't believe in god?	How do I tell my religious family I don't believe in God?
Is it possible that Donald Trump has a mental problem?	Have there every been any mental stability issues in Donald Trump life?
What is your reaction about the ban on Rs. 500 and Rs. 1000 notes? Won't it create a chaos and harm the economy?	What is the use of demonetizing Rs. 500 & Rs. 1000 notes?
What is the most brutal type of martial arts?	What style of martial art is the most brutal?
How can I improve my English in all aspects?	How could I improve my English pronunciation?
What happens to a question on Quora if it is marked as needing further improvement?	What happens to questions marked as needing improvement? Are they inhibited from being seen as other questions are?
What is your view on supreme court current decision on playing national anthem before the start of the movie?	Why Supreme Court directed all cinema halls across the country to play the National Anthem before the start of a film?
How can I learn English well as a Chinese speaker?	How can a Chinese speaker learn English?
What experience do you have with owning Sugar Gliders? Would you recommend it?	Do you have a sugar glider and if so would you recommend it as a wonderful pet?
What are the best birthday wishes for my girlfriend?	What are some best birthday wishes to girlfriend?
Is it likely to get pregnant during day 3 of my period with unprotected sex?	Can i get pregnant the day after my period ends?
What's the best programming language to learn in 2016?	What is the best programming language I should start learning?
Which are the best books to learn C++?	What are best c++ books in 2016?
What are some amazing drawings you have seen with a deep meaning ?	What are some amazing pictures and drawings which give a deep meaning (text may be there)?
How do you potty train Mini Westie puppies?	How do I potty train my two-month-old Labrador pup?
Why does Turkey ignore all the documents about the Armenian Genocide?	Why do Turks continue to deny the Armenian genocide?
What do you think about banning 500 and 1000 rupee notes in India?	Why Narendra Modi banned 500 and 1000 notes in India?
Where can I get the best photo booth service in Sydney?	Where can I get professional photo booths service in Sydney?
What is a goood answer to 'Why should I not hire you?'	What is the best answer of "Convince me not to Hire you"?
What are some interesting influences of India over the world?	How did India influence the world?
How do I can boost my self confidence?	How do you raise self confidence?
What is the function of the rough endoplasmic reticulum?	What are the functions of the rough endoplasmic reticulum in plant cells?
How can I increase website traffic?	How can I increase the traffic on a site?
Why are you a Muslim and how did you come to Islam?	Why have you accepted Islam?
Which is best laptop below 40k?	Which one is best laptop under 40k?
Who is better Donald Trump or Hillary Clinton and why?	In what aspects is Hillary Clinton better than Trump?
How did Hitler die and why?	How did Hitler die?
Will humans evolve into a more animal state?	Will human evolve into a more animal state?
How many sexual partners have you had?	How many partners have you slept with?
Would you let your 10 year old daughter be near Donald Trump?	Would you leave your teenage daughter alone in the same room with Donald Trump?
How do I save money while shopping?	How can I save more on online shopping?
How can I dilute meth out of my system?	How can I flush meth out of my blood?
What are some essential survival skills you know?	What are the essential survival skills?
What does it mean to "get out of you comfort zone"?	What does it mean to be out of your comfort zone?
How do I get the address of someone who was trying to login to my Facebook account?	How can I find out if someone tried to login on Facebook account?
Can I go through this heartbreak?	How did you make it through a heartbreak?
What's the Illuminati & Free Masons? And what's their relation to Zionists?	What are the Illuminati and what are their ranks? How do they compare to the Free Masons?
What is the best age to join a gym and why?	What is the right age to join a gym?
What do you think of the decision by the Indian Government to demonetize 500 and 1000 rupee notes?	Why is the government abruptly banning the 500 Rupees and the 1000 rupees currency notes in India?
Why does Arnav Goswami resign from Times Now editor-in-chief post?	Why is Arnab Goswami resigned as the Editor-in Chief of Times Now and ET Now?
What or who has influenced your life the most and why?	Which person has influenced your life the most?
Where is the cheapest place to live in New York City?	What are some good and cheap places to stay in when visiting New York City?
What's it like having siblings?	What's it like having a sibling?
Can you get pregnant day before period?	Can you get pregnant the day before your period?
How true are exit polls?	How predictive are exit polls?
What are some ideas to get up early in the morning?	What can I do to wake up more easily in the morning?
Am I spending a lot of time on Quora? How much is too much?	How much time is too much time spent on Quora?
How do i know if someone loves me?	How do I know whether someone really loves me?
How do I prepare for CAT 16 from now?	How should one prepare for CAT 2016?
What should I do to reduce weight?	How should I loose weight?
Are there natural remedies to stop the hiccups?	What are the causes and remedies for hiccups?
Why do most sources say INFP is 4% of the population but no stats to back it up?	Why do most sources put INFP frequency at about 4% but no statistics to support it?
What is the best way to clean a Vicks vaporizer?	How do you clean a Vicks vaporizer?
Which is best digital marketing course?	Will digital marketing a good course to learn?
How could I become an actor?	How can I become an actor?
How can I break into a secured wifi?	How do I can hack wifi?
How do I increase website conversion?	How can I increase our website conversion rate?
How is the movie version of "The Fault in Our Stars" when compared to the book?	How was the movie version of The Fault in Our Stars different from the book?
Does organizing events in college help you in the future?	How does becoming a co-ordinator or organizer in college events help you in your life?
Are there any free online iq tests that are accurate?	Are there any free certified IQ tests available online?
Which is the best food in Goa?	What are the best foods to eat in Goa?
What are some mind-blowing smartphones tools that exist that most people don't know about?	What are some mind blowing phone tools that most people don't know about?
How can I overcome porn addiction?	How can I drop porn and masturbation?
How do I prepare for my presentation?	How do I prepare for my first presentation?
Why is smoking weed illegal?	Why is weed illegal?
What is Montessori teaching?	What is the Montessori method?
How do you gain followers on Twitter?	How do I make followers on Twitter?
How can I start my business?	How do I to start new business?
What is the fastest way to lose weight safely?	How can you rapidly lose weight in 14days?
What are some mind hacks?	What are some of the best mind tricks?
Which is a more important question: ‘Why?’ or ‘How?’	What is more important "HOW" or "WHY"?
Is it possible to recover an email deleted from the Gmail trash folder?	Is there anyway to retrieve my deleted emails from my Gmail account?
Can I sell my business idea?	Venture and Investor Pitches: How do I sell my product idea?
Why is DMT in our bodies?	Why is DMT naturally present in our brains?
What is your new year resolution?	What's your New Year 2017 resolution?
Why do people like to drive SUVs?	Why do people drive those huge luxury SUVs?
How I can ask question on Quora?	Add questions on quora?
How do I learn the stock market?	Where can I learn to invest in stocks?
Do Psychopaths have microexpressions?	Do psychopaths have the ability to have micro-expressions?
What should be my resolution for 2017?	What would be your New Year resolutions for 2017?
Are there any scientific errors in the Quran?	What are some solid scientific mistakes written in the Quran?
Why are Samsung's Galaxy Note 7 phones exploding?	What exactly has gone wrong with Samsung's Note 7 battery?
How can I increase traffic on my blog?	How do I build traffic to my website?
How was your very first gangbang?	What was your first gangbang like?
Which is your favourite Tv serial?	Which are some of your favourite TV series?
Time Travel Is It Possible?	Is time travel possible? If yes? How?
How do I recover deleted files with the KeepSafe application?	How can I recover deleted photos from a keepsafe?
How would you spend your last 24 hours that you had to live?	How would you spend the last 24 hours in your life?
Can you get pregnant a couple days before your period?	Can you get pregnant 8 days before your period?
Should India have a one child norm?	Should India have one child policy or not?
What are some things that you will never do in life?	What is one thing you will never do in your life?
What's the best way to learn chess?	What is the best way to learn chess?
Why did American people elect Donald Trump as their president?	How did Donald Trump win the election?
What is the expected cutoff for KVPY 2016 SA -stream 2016?	What is the KVPY SA expected cut off for 2016?
Things: What do you think happens only in India?	What are some stories which define " This Only Happens In India"?
Do most women enjoy sex?	Do women enjoy sex?
What is the difference between gravitational potential and gravitational potential energy?	What is the difference between potential energy and the gravitational potential energy?
How can you know if a girl likes you?	How would you know if a girl likes you?
How can I catch my husband cheating?	How do I catch a cheating spouse?
How do I logout from Quora?	How I can I logout from Quora?
Why did Modi ban 500 and 1000 rupees notes and not 100 rupee notes?	Why do you think Indian government has demolished RS 500 and RS 1000 notes?
As an engineering 3rd year student what should I start preparing for IAS exam?	How do I start preparing for IAS prelims?
Why is mathematics so tough?	Why is Mathematics so hard?
What is the best way to convert OST to PST files?	What is the best way to convert OST file data to PST files?
What will be the last few things you would like to do if you knew these were the last 24 hours of the world?	How would you spend the last 24 hours in your life?
What was India like when the first British arrived?	How was India before the British arrived? Were they separate kingdoms? Or unified with Delhi as capital?
What are some Quora questions that have a lot of followers and no answers?	What are some Quora questions with lots of followers and no great answers?
I m in CA final after clearing my exams what business can I start apart from CA practice I want to escape from rat race and stop ditching 9-5?	What things I should do after my CA exams if I want to start my own business?
How do you forget the problems of the past and focus on the present?	How can I forget the past and focus on the present?
How do I shave my bikini line?	How can I get a clean shave in the bikini area?
What does it mean when a girl sends mixed signals?	When and why do girls give mixed signals?
What are 3 sects of Judaism? How were they established and how are they different from Judaism?	What are the different sects of Judaism?
What does the name Quora exactly mean?	What does "Quora" mean?
What are certain ways to increase writing speed?	What are some ways to increase writing speed?
Was it wrong from Germany to let 1 million refugees in?	Was Germany wrong in allowing Syrian refugees into their country?
What will be the effect of banning 500 and 1000 Rs notes on real estate sector in India? Can we expect sharp fall in prices in short/long term?	What will the real estate look like now after the 500 and 1000 scraping?
How do I prepare for quantitative aptitude?	How can I prepare for Quantitative Aptitude?
Which is the best book for MCA Entrance exam preparation?	Which is the best book for MCA Entrance exam?
What are the places to visit for a honeymoon in Kerala?	What are the best places to visit in Kerala?
What is a unsaturated solution? What are some examples?	What are examples of unsaturated solutions?
What could cause a person to vomit white foam?	What does it mean if you are vomiting white foam?
How did George Soros "break the bank of England"?	How did George Soros trade the British Pound in 1992?
What does bicameral legislature mean?	What is bicameral legislature?
Why is life so unfair for some people?	Why is life so unfair?
Is China a developed country?	Do you think China is a developed country?
Is it cheaper to buy tickets at the airport or online?	Is it cheaper to buy your airline tickets at the airport than in advance online?
How did you become a dentist?	How do you become a dentist?
What are some of the best new products that are available and most people don't know about?	What are the best gadgets to buy in 2016 that most people don't know about?
Why won't Quora tell me exactly what is wrong with my question?	Why does Quora tell me, "your question needs improvement" but doesn't tell me how to improve it?
How do I really make money online?	What are the easiest ways to make good money using the Internet?
How do I know what he feels about me?	How can I know what he feels for me?
Can I use Jio in iPhone 5s?	How can I use Jio SIM in iPhone 5s?
Why caste system still stay in India? D?	Why caste system still survive in India?
How do delete Quora quesitons?	How do I delete my former questions?
What changes a female body undergoes after loosing her virginity?	What are the changes in a girl's body after losing virginity?
What was the hardest time in your life and how did you get through it?	What are the hardest time you've seen and how did you get out of it?
What is the process of buying a business in UK?	How is a business bought in the UK?
Any ideas on what to do if I'm bored?	What should I do when im bored?
Is the United States a true democracy or a republic?	Is the United States truly a democracy?
What are the all time best Android apps?	Which are the best Android Apps of all time?
How do you think about Chinese dream?	What do you think about "Chinese dream"?
How do you think of one belt one road policy?	What is One belt one road china?
What are best site for learning python?	What is the best site to learn Python?
Why do I feel weak after masturbation?	Why do I feel so weak after masturbation?
Which is the most shiny material?	Which is the most shiny material in the world?
Why do I think so much about the future?	Why do people always think about their future?
Do you believe Donald Trump is a pathological liar?	Is Donald Trump a pathological liar as Bernie Sanders says?
What is a way to make money online?	Can I earn money online?
Is Donald Trump secretly a Democrat?	Is Donald Trump a covert operative for the Clintons?
How do I get rid of acne on my face? I workout daily and wash my face twice a day.	How do I get rid of face pimples?
Why didn't Balram (brother of Krishna) participate in the Mahabharat War?	Why didn't balram join pandavas or kauravas in war?
Why can’t India produce successful fast pace bowler?	Why India can't produce fast bowler like Bret Lee?
What is your favorite anime and why?	Which is your favourite anime and why?
Why does food taste so much better when you're hungry?	Why do foods taste so much better when you have not had them in a while?
Is interface theory of perception true?	Is interface theory of perception a well tested theory?
How do I carrier unlock an iPhone 4?	How do you Apple unlock an iPhone 4?
What is the difference between a startup and a small company?	What is the difference between a startup and a small business?
How do I lose fats and excessive weight from body?	How do I lose my weight from 58 to 50 kgs?
How do you set the timer on an iPhone 6 camera?	How to set a timer on an iPhone camera?
Why am I all alone?	Why am I so alone?
What can I do to resist temptation?	How do I resist temptation?
How can I stop masturbation?	How can I stop masturbating?
What is the best internet busines?	What are the best internet business ideas?
What is one thing you want to do before you die?	What is the last thing you would like to do before you die?
Why do you wear underwear?	Why should I wear underwear?
How do I get all these Trump questions out of my Quora feed? Please make it stop. . .	How do I stop the donald trump questions on my Quora feed?
What are some attention grabbers for a speech on global warming?	How do I write a short speech about global warming?
Can somebody just tell me what to eat hour by hour to lose weight? I want to lose 30 pounds.	What should you do if you want to lose a lot of weight?
Who won the 09/26/16 debate? Does it matter?	According to polls who won the first Clinton-Trump presidential debate?
What are the average and median ages of the most active Quora users?	What's the average age of a Quora user?
How can scrapping use of 500 and 1000 rupee currency notes in India solve problem of corruption?	How will demonetization of 500 and 1000 rupee notes stop corruption?
How can we improve our listening skills?	How do people improve their listening skills?
How can I immigrate to the US?	What is the easiest way to immigrate to the USA?
How can one enter into universities of Germany?	How do I apply for universities in Germany?
How do I motivate myself to wake up early?	How can I motivate myself to wake up early?
What is the fact about NIBIRU the Planet X?	Is nibiru planet real or a hoax?
Why is the purpose of life to "be happy?"	What should the purpose of your life?
What are some innovative apps?	What is the most innovative app with an innovative idea?
What is your score in KVPY SA 2016 (aptitude test)? What is the expected cutoff?	What is the Expected cutoff for KVPY SA stream 2016?
How do I use the Quora app?	How should I use Quora app?
Should I upgrade to Windows 10?	Is it good to upgrade to Windows 10?
What is it like working for Deloitte?	How is it to work as a fresher in Deloitte?
What should I do to improve my English ?	How can we improve our English language skills?
What is the best thing you learned on Quora?	What have you learned by using Quora?
How does one deal with PTSD?	What can one do about PTSD?
Why do introverts want to be friends with extroverts?	Why do introverts choose extroverts to be friends and not other introverts?
Is there a way to become passionate about something?	How do I become passionate about something?
Who invented TV?	Who invented the television? In what year was it invented?
What causes a swollen painful nostril? How is it treated?	What causes a swollen nostril? How can it be treated?
What are components of a computer? How do they help a computer function?	What are five components of a computer? How do they help a computer function?
How big is the wizarding world (in terms of population) in Harry Potter series?	How large is the wizarding population in Harry Potter compared to regular humans?
What are some mind blowing tools and gadgets that mos't people dont know?	What are some mind blowing things that mos't people dont know?
What is the proper age to get married?	What age do you think is proper to get married?
How can you overdraft your bank account with your debit card at an ATM?	Can you overdraft your bank account with your debit card at an ATM?
Can someone help me with depression?	How can I get help with my depression?
Are past karma the only cause of one's sufferings?	Is karma the root cause of our sufferings?
What programming languages are best to learn?	What is the most valuable programming language for the future to learn?
How much sleep is best for an individual?	How much time for sleep does one need in a day?
Is Science boon or bane?	Is science a boon or bane?
How is universe expansion?	How is the expansion of the universe explained?
What is a good book on marketing plans for CMOs?	What are the best books on marketing plans for CMOs?
What are some ways to make hair grow faster?	How can I grow my hair longer fast?
Who is your favourite Walking Dead character and why?	Who is your favourite character in the TV series The Walking Dead? Why?
What's the most important thing I need to know when starting my own business?	What is the main thing you need to know about business before starting your own?
How do I add pictures to questions on Quora?	How do I add pictures to my answers on Quora?
What are some interesting and unknown facts about Kanpur?	What is the best unknown fact about Kanpur City?
How do I earn more money through internet/online?	How can I earn money online?
What universities have the best financial aid?	What are the best universities that provide financial aid?
What's the best course on learning how to make money online?	What are the best courses on making money online?
What are the best engineering colleges in India?	Which are the best engineering colleges of India?
How can I help my family members in depression?	How can a family member best help a sibling with depression?
What do I need to learn to become a programmer?	What should I learn to become a programmer?
What are ways to commit suicide?	What are the ways to commit suicide?
Has Obama been a bad president?	Was/Is Barack Obama a bad/good president?
Which are the best universities for computer science in USA?	Which are the best/good universities in USA for MS in computer science and is it worth doing it?
Can you add topics to a question? How?	How do I add topics?
What are the theories about the mystery of the Bermuda triangle?	What actually happens in the Bermuda Triangle?
What would have happened if the United States had won the Vietnam War?	What would've happened if the United States won the Vietnam war?
Why is Donald Trump not racist?	Why do some people call Donald Trump racist?
Why do people ask so many Googleable questions on Quora?	Why do people ask Quora questions which can be answered easily by Google?
What are the best books on algorithms for a beginner?	Which book is best for data structures and algorithms for beginners?
How do I get a free website?	How do I get free websites?
Why are Saltwater taffy candy imported in the Philippines?	Why is Saltwater taffy candy imported in Czech Republic?
How do I prepare comprehensively for the UGC NET English literature?	How do I prepare for UGC NET English Literature thoroughly?
Has Trump won the election?	Trump has already won the election?
What is .NET framework?	What is the purpose of the .NET framework?
Is Valium related to high blood pressure? Why?	Why are Valium and high blood pressure related?
Why is English an international language?	Why is English considered an international language instead of others?
What can I become efficient at math problem solving?	What can I do to become efficient at solving math problems?
What are some of the best English movies?	What are best Hollywood movies?
How can I improve in English?	How will I improve my spoken English?
How do I promote the website through social media marketing?	How do I do social media marketing?
What is the best thing that you have bought?	What is the best thing you ever bought?
How do I prepare for group discussion?	How we have to perform in group discussion?
How do I contact Quora?	How do I contact and give feedback to Quora?
What one song makes you cry and smile at the same time?	What are some emotional song that can make you cry or smile?
How can I move on from my crush?	How do I move on from my crush?
How do I log in my Facebook account if you forgot your password?	How am I supposed to get back into my Facebook if I forgot my email & password? I just want it deleted?
I know nothing about programming. What is the best way and the best language to start learning how to program?	Where should I start learning to program?
Did time exist before the Big Bang?	Was there time before the big bang?
How can I add pictures on Quora?	How do I add photos to my questions in Quora?
What is the latest way to make money online?	What are some of the latest ways to make money online?
What is a good age to settle down and get married for men?	Marriage- What is the right age to get married for male?
Does Hinduism believe in  evolution?	Does Hinduism believe in theory of evolution?
What are some interesting facts about your country that few people know?	What are some interesting facts about your country?
What muscles are used in an arm wrestle?	What muscles are used in an arm wrestle? What function do they serve?
How can I enlarge my penis?	Can I permanently enlarge my penis?
How does a human brain compare to a computer?	What are the pros and cons of the human brain versus a powerful computer?
What is the weirdest question Quora had asked on it?	Which is the weirdest question you have ever come across on Quora?
What is parenting going to be like in the future?	What is parents going to look like in the future?
How could I gain weight in a healthy way?	How do I gain weight?
What advice would you give your 16 year old self?	What advice would you give to your 16-year-old self?
I watched Game of Thrones and just completed Suits. Which is a good TV series that I can watch if I liked GOT and Suits?	What are some recommended TV series if I like Game of Thrones and Suits?
How does having an Anxiety Disorder affect digestion of food?	How does increased anxiety affect the digestive system?
What are the reader's views on Harry Potter and The Cursed Child?	[Spoilers]What do you think about Harry Potter and the Cursed Child?
Whose English translation of Kamasutra is the best?	Which is the best translation in English of Kamasutra?
What is the best way to clean LCD monitors?	What is the best way to clean a Samsung LED TV screen?
How important is sex in a successful relationship?	Is sex important in love?
What are the best business schools in Canada?	Which is the best business school in canada?
Does the whole brain pick up on any changes in neural activity by means of reading any changes to the EM field caused by a localized activity?	Is it that the whole brain pick up on any changes in neural activity by means of reading any changes to the EM field caused by a localized activity?
Is there anything that moves faster than light?	Is there something that travels faster than light?
What are some of the longest words and their meanings in the English language?	What is the longest word in English language?
Who will win upcoming USA election?	Who will win the Election? Trump or Clinton?
Which is your favourite Tv serial?	What TV shows do you like to watch?
What restrictions do iOS app have on controlling iPhone hardware/software?	What restrictions do iOS apps have on controlling iPhone hardware and software?
What's a good way to get a decent job without college?	What are some ways to get a decent job without a college degree?
What do Turkish natives think of Indians?	What does Turks think of Indians?
Which countries in the Middle East are the most liberal?	Which one of the middle east countries the most modern?
When will India rule the world?	When will India rise up and rule the world like it did in the ancient times?
What are some examples of a cinder cone volcano? How do they differ from other types of volcanoes?	What are some examples of cinder cone volcanos?
What are the boundary conditions and their implementation in heat transfer?	What are the boundary conditions and their implications in heat transfer operations?
Why does the Quran require Muslims to pray facing Mecca even though God is omnipresent?	Why do Muslims need to pray in the direction of Mecca or the Kaaba when God is everywhere?
How do I get over someone I just cannot get over?	Can you get over someone completely?
The chance of two people having the same fingerprints is one in how many billion?	People claim that no two fingerprints are the same. Is this really true?
How can I have multiple ads on 1 YouTube video for monetization?	How can I earn by applying multiple ads on YouTube channel?
What are the differences between through and thru?	What's the difference between through and thru?
What is the future of digital marketing in India?	Wat will be the future of digital marketing in india?
Can you yawn while sleeping?	Is it possible to yawn while asleep?
What advice would you give your 16 year old self?	What is the advice you would give your 16-year-old self?
Does Viagra really work?	Does Viagra work?
What should I do after Btech Biotechnology?	What should I do after completing my BTech Biotechnology?
What is the average age at which children get their first smartphones these days?	What age should children get their first smartphone?
Do people get paid for giving answers on Quora or is this just a passion?	Will people get paid to answer here?
Why do the film directors get more credit than film's writer for a movie ?	Why are directors generally regarded more highly than producers or writers in film making?
What are the best 5 films you have ever watched?	Which are the 5 best movies you have ever seen?
What would happen if a husband and wife have the same blood group?	What happens when both parents have the same blood group?
Which is the best protein powder for gain muscle mass?	Which is best protein powder for weight gain?
What is the best way to predict when the new MacBook Pro will be released?	When is the new Apple Macbook Pro coming? In 2016?
How do I improve on my math skills?	How can I improve my math skills?
What is your favorite music video clip? Why?	What is your favorite music video?
What are some sure signs that a boy likes you?	What are the signs a boy likes you?
Why do politicians want reservation even in the private sector? isn't it too much?	Why many politicians are in favor of reservation in private sector?
What is a dictionary?	What is Dictionary?
How can I overcome the habit of procrastination?	How do I overcome laziness and ego?
What is the best gadget for your phone?	What are some of the best phones gadgets?
What is critical radius in insulation?	What is critical radius of insulation?
Which english book is best for competitive exam?	Which is the best book of english for competitive exams?
What does it feel to be a sadist?	What is it like to be a sadist?
FIITJEE or Resonance: Which is better? Why?	Resonance or FIITJEE: Which is better? Why?
What are the best ways to lose weight fast?	How do I lose weight faster?
What are you doing to enjoy life?	How can I enjoy my life the most?
What can I do to earn some money by online work while continuing my college?	How do I earn money with my studies?
Which are the best movies of Hollywood?	What are the must watch movies from Hollywood?
How will Indian GDP be affected from banning 500 and 1000 rupees notes?	How Indian economy got affected after ban of 500 1000 notes?
How do I know if I'm in a emotionally abusive relationship?	How do I know if I was in a mutually abusive relationship?
Is it possible that Elon Musk is a sociopath?	Is Elon Musk a sociopath?
Is Linux Mint a good alternative to Ubuntu? Are there any differences between the two?	Which one is better: Linux Mint or Ubuntu?
Why do I get a lot of gas before my period? How can I treat this?	Why do I get so gassy before my period?
What are the possible implications of Demonetization of 500 and 1000 rupee notes?	What do you think about banning 500 and 1000 rupee notes in India?
Help! I need motivation to lose weight. I need to lose 30 kilos?	How do I find the motivation to lose weight?
What is the best way to become rich before you turn 25?	How can I become rich by the age of 25?
How do I hack someone's Instagram account?	How can I hack someone's Instagram?
How does the HP OfficeJet 4620 Airprint compare to the HP DesignJet Z3200 24-in PostScript Photo Printer?	How does the HP OfficeJet 4620 Airprint compare to the HP DesignJet T1530 36-in PostScript Printer?
Can you yawn while sleeping?	Do we sneeze while sleeping?
How do I recover my Facebook email and password?	Is it possible to login to Facebook without password?
Is there any comic where Batman faces off with Green Arrow?	Does Batman come before Arrow?
Can someone hack my smartphone while in a Restaurant?	Can someone hack my smartphone and send emails?
What are the best books to prepare the NET management?	What is the best book to prepare for NET for management aspirants?
How harmful is it if a dog eats a chocolate bar? What should be done?	What should you do if your dog eats chocolate?
Should I write a life blog in my native tongue which has only 1.1m speakers or in English whereas I would not stand out as much as in my own language?	Should I write my blog in English or my own native tongue?
How long must I wait to join the military after marrying a US citizen?	How long must I wait after marrying a USC to join the military?
What is St. Peter the patron saint of? How was he canonized?	What is St. Peter the patron saint of?
What are employable skills?	What is employability skills?
How can I see a psychologist free?	How can I talk to a psychologist for free?
Is it safe to give a dog Benadryl to help it sleep?	How much Benadryl can I give my dog? What are some side effects?
Where can I download free music?	What are some good websites to download free music?
Does penis size really matter during sex?	How important is the size of your penis to woman?
Can you get high if you walk into a room that someone is vaping weed in?	Can you get a secondhand high from someone vaping in the same room as you?
What are the consequences of Brexit on european countries?	What would be the consequences of Brexit on UK and the other European countries?
Is marketing a good major?	Is marketing a good major and why?
How often do young women masturbate?	How often do girls masturbate? What do they think of?
Why has the definition of marketing changed over time?	Why does the definition of marketing changed over time?
I love philosophical science and history? What ate the best colleges in India to pursue studies in these subjects?	I love philosophical science and history? What are the best colleges in India to pursue studies in these subjects?
Did Johan Galtung predict that US global power will collapse under a Donald Trump administration?	Do you agree with Futurist Johan Galtung that the US global power will collapse under a Donald Trump administration?
When is the best time to ask questions on Quora?	What is the best time to ask a question on Quora?
Is there extra terrestrial life?	Do we have proof for extra terrestial life?
Why do people want to learn English?	Why do we need to learn English?
How can I contact Facebook via email?	How can I contact Facebook UK?
How can I specifically improve my English?	What are some ways to improve English?
What are some interesting things to do when bored?	What should I do when im bored?
Where is the best place to learn math online?	What are resources to learn math online?
How is it to live in China? Is there a freedom of speech?	How is Freedom of Speech protected in China?
What are some of your favorite books?	What is your favorite book and why? Who is the author?
Is there any video game (developed by Chinese company) that has been released in Italy?	Are there any video games developed by Chinese companies in Italy?
What intelligent people do with their phone?	What do intelligent people do with their smart phone?
What are the best places to visit in Kerala? What is the best way of transportation there?	What are the best off-the-beaten-path places in Kerala for a tourist?
How can I memorize quickly?	How do i memorize stuff super easily?
How do you fill a money order?	How to fill out a post office money order?
How can I slowly lose weight?	What can I do to lose 20 pounds?
How can you compare and contrast deception and deceit?	How can you compare and contrast deceit and deception?
What exactly is your definition of a friend?	What's your definition of a friend?
Why is there so much misunderstanding between people?	Why are there always misunderstandings between people?
What do you think of the Government's move of banning old Rs. 500 & Rs. 1000 notes?	What do you think of the decision by the Indian government to demonetize 500 and 1000 rupee notes?
Is Donald Trump racist?	How did Donald Trump become such a racist?
How does banning 500 and 1000 rupee notes help to control black money?	Is scrapping old 500 and 1000 rupees notes and releasing new 500 and 2000 rupees notes a permanent solution for eradication of black money?
How soon can you test for pregnancy after ovulation?	How soon can I take a pregnancy test?
Olympics: Why most of good sprinters are from Jamaica?	Why are sprinters from the Caribbean so dominate in Olympic Sprinting?
How do I add topics on Quora from the big list?	How do I add more topics into my Quora feed?
How can I learn to make drone?	How we can make drones?
How do I improve my pronunciation in English?	How can I improve my speaking?
What is the reason behind PM Modi's decision to abolish Rs 500 and 1000 currency notes from today (8 November 2016) midnight?	What is the main reason behind abolishing Rs 500 and Rs 1000 notes in India?
Which camera is best for an amateur photographer?	What are the best cameras for amateur photographers?
How can Hillary Clinton be allowed to take money from foreign governments?	Should we be concerned that Hillary Clinton got so rich from foreign donors while working in the State Department?
Which are the best Bollywood movies in 2016?	What are the best Bollywood movies of 2016 so far?
Which is the best college for biotechnology in India?	Which is best college for biotechnology in India?
What is your "whatever goes around comes around" moment?	What is your own experience of "What goes around comes around?
Is Trump right that Hilary Clinton invented or spread the birther rumors?	How can Donald Trump blame Hillary Clinton for his birther movement?
What was it like to grow up in India in the 2000s?	What was it like to grow in India in 2000s?
How can Hillary Clinton be stopped from becoming the next President?	What reason will prevent Hillary Clinton from becoming the president?
How should I start teaching The Odyssey to 9th graders?	How do you teach The Odyssey to 9th graders?
Does long distance relationship work?	How do we can remain satisfied in a long distance relationship?
How would I make my bedroom about volunteering I volunteer at Meals on Wheels?	How do I make a bedroom theme based on Meals on Wheels?
How can I become more beautiful and charming girl?	What can girls do to become more beautiful?
Why so many Chinese people support their government and love country?	Why do so many Chinese people support their government and love their country?
How do I impress people?	What should I do to impress people?
What is Hillary Clinton's plan for ISIS?	What will be Hillary Clinton's approach be towards ISIS?
What will be the impact of the step taken to ban the 500 & 1000 rupee note on Indian economy?	What are the benefits of ban on 500 and 1000 rupees note?
What are the best beaches to visit in Goa?	Which are the best beaches in Goa?
What are some of the most popular mobile apps built with Xamarin?	What are some of the successful application built on Xamarin?
How can I get a girlfriend if I am shy and socially awkward?	How do I get a girlfriend if I am socially awkward and shy?
How come the universe is made of matter and not antimatter?	How come the universe is made up of matter and not antimatter?
How do I hire an ethical hacker?	How will I contact a good hacker?
Why Mahendra Singh Dhoni quits Team India's limited overs captaincy?	Why did Mahendra Singh Dhoni stepped down as a captain of team today?
What is a sure way to commit suicide?	What's the absolute easiest way to commit suicide?
Do women prefer men with big penis? Or is it irrelevant?	Do women prefer longer penis?
In what ways can we tackle terrorism?	What is the solution to tackle terrorism?
Do Quora users still see questions that are marked as needing improvement?	How do I post a question that was marked as needing improvement?
Was Jesus Jewish?	Was Jesus Christ Jewish?
What is the difference between the Scripting language and programming languages?	What is the exact difference between programming languages and scripting languages and their types and their real time applications?
How far is Kawas Nanavati's story true as shown in the movie Rustom?	What is the true story if the Nanavathi case and how does it differ from the movie Rustom?
How do you find purpose in life?	How should I know my purpose of life?
How much data is created every day?	How much data is created each day?
What are all the parts I need to build a complete computer?	What are the most basic parts I need in order to build my own computer at home?
Can we track the location of a person using a mobile phone?	How do I track someone from his mobile number?
What does is mean to be free?	What does it mean to be free?
I am looking for big data internships in India and abroad. Which are the companies offering internships?	What companies have data science internships?
Which American restaurant chains can be found in Norway? What do Norwegian people think of them? B	What American restaurant chains are found in Norway?
Why do planets spin on their own axis?	Why do planets rotate?
How does one get a job in Canada?	Which is the best way to get a job in Canada?
Who is going to be a better president - Hillary Clinton or Donald Trump?	Is Hillary Clinton really worse than Donald Trump?
Is Mahatma Gandhi a British agent?	Was Gandhi a British agent?
Why do I feel lost? What should I do?	What should I do when I feel lost?
Are there any coding camps for competitive programming in India?	What are the programming/coding boot camps or schools in India?
Which book is best for data structures and algorithms for beginners?	Which book is the best book for algorithm and datastructure?
What is the smartest thing you have seen aperson do?	What is the smartest thing anyone has ever done?
Is Telugu similar to aryan language?	Is Telugu a Dravidian language?
How we lose belly fat india?	How can I quickly get rid of belly fat as a male?
Which computer language is the most used?	Which is the most used computer language?
What is the difference between a career and a job?	Is there really a difference between a job and career?
Why are Samsung phones setting on fire?	What are the technical reasons behind Samsung phones catching fire?
If there will be a war between India and Pakistan who will win?	What would happen if Pakistan declares an all out war on India?
What has been the upgrade in education made by "Education for All" in the Philippines?	How has "Education for All" influenced education in the Philippines?
Do you believe that there is God? Why or why not?	Do you really believe in God? And why?
What modern films will become classics?	What modern day movies do you think will become classics?
What are the best websites to sell gently used clothes on?	What marketplaces do you use to sell your used clothing on?
How can I learn web development?	How do I start learning web development?
Why do people find it easier to stage simple questions on Quora rather than spending a few minutes on the Internet to find straight answers?	Do people post questions in Quora just so that they can skip searching in Google for a few minutes?
How do I  increase traffic on my site?	How do I increase traffic on my site?
What does 'using namespace std' mean in C++?	Why do we use namespace std in c++?
Which is best laptop to buy under 30k?	What are the best laptops to buy within Rs.30000 or $485 and why?
Why is the Indian government not releasing proofs of the surgical strikes in PoK?	Why is the Indian army not releasing any pictures of the surgical strikes that happened in pok?
What is definition of sex?	What is the definition of sex?
Science without religion is lame. Religion without science is blind. What does it mean?	What did Einstein mean when he said: "Science without religion is lame, religion without science is blind"? And do you agree with him?
Daily user of meth how long will take to clean your system?	How long does crystal meth stay in your system?
What are some of the best travel destinations for solo travellers in India?	What are the best destination for a solo traveler in India?
How will I improve my spoken English?	How could I improve my English?
How do we start preparing c language?	How and where do I start learning C programming?
What is prison like in Japan?	What's prison like in Japan?
How can I meet Jesus?	Will I ever meet Jesus?
How do I become a more interesting person?	How do you become more interesting?
What are the differences between a democracy and a republic?	What's the difference between a republic and a democratic republic?
How widespread is prostitution in India?	How common is prostitution in India?
What is The Strokes' best song?	What are the best songs by The Strokes?
How do I upload my Android app on the Google Play Store for free?	Can I upload an Android app to the Google Play Store for free?
Does sexual dimorphism prevent social equality between the sexes?	Is sexual dimorphism enough to conclude that gender equality is impossible?
Why has not any Indian Mathematician won a Fields Medal?	Why has any Indian ever won fields medal?
What will the Trump presidency mean for us and the world?	What does a Trump presidency mean for America?
Which are the best Wordpress Theme?	What are the best WordPress themes?
Is it weird to answer your own question?	Why can you answer your own questions?
Is Donald Trump an undercover democrat?	Is Donald Trump really a Democrat?
Why isnt harmonics a major factor in high voltage transmission network?	Explain why harmonics is not a major factor in the high voltage transmission network?
What are some mind-blowing optical illusions?	What are the most mind-blowing optical illusions?
What are the best ways to spend the weekends for a teetotaller in Bengaluru ?	How do I spend the weekends in Bangalore if I don't drink?
Can smoking marijuana cause cancer?	What are the risks of smoking weed (ganja)? Does it cause cancer?
Who is the cursed child in the Harry Potter and the Cursed Child?	Who actually is the cursed child?
What is a good way to start studying for a career in cybersecurity?	What is the best way to start learning cybersecurity?
What are the key takeaways from 20 Chapters of Economic Survey 2015-16?	What are the highlights of the Economic Survey 2015-16?
What can fly and has four legs?	Why are there no flying animals with four legs?
Is it true that the new Rs. 2000 currency notes in India will have a nano GPS chip?	Is the Indian currency has GPS nano chip?
What are some good qualities of Sachin Tendulkar?	What are some of the best for Sachin Tendulkar?
How do I download free movies from torrent?	How do I download movies from torrent sites?
How do you recover your Gmail password?	How do you recover your gmail account password?
How do I pass a meth drug test?	What helps you pass a meth test?
How do I know if I'm blacklisted in Malaysia?	How do I check if I'm blacklisted by Malaysian immigration and barred from entering Malaysia?
Who is the greatest leader ever?	Who are some of the greatest leaders in history?
Do Russians men prefer Latin or Black women?	Do Russian man prefer Latin or black woman?
If a DNR was ignored in the emergency room? And you are now stuck with life support how do you get them out	If your DNR was ignored in the emergency room and you are now filled with tubes and life support how do you get off of it?
What are the advantages of staying in a hostel?	What are the advantages of a hostel?
What would be the possible impact on Indian economy after cancellation of 500 and 1000 Rs notes?	How will the ban on Rs. 1000 and Rs. 500 notes impact Indian economy?
What is the best self help book you have read? Why? How did it change your life?	Which is the best self help book you've ever read?
Why do you wear a hijab?	Why do you wear the Hijab?
What are the ill effects of demonetization of 500 and 1000 rupee notes in India?	What is the use of banning 500 and 1000 rupee notes and introducing new 500 and 2000 rupee notes?
What are the safety precautions on handling shotguns proposed by the NRA in North Carolina?	What are the safety precautions on handling shotguns proposed by the NRA in Georgia?
Is it possible to dig a hole up to core of earth?	Is it possible to dig to the earth´s core?
What does it mean that the electron has a dual nature (particle and wave properties)?	What is dual nature of electron?
What are the best books for a beginner ruby coder?	What are the best books to learn Ruby for beginners?
What is an easy way make money online?	What are some easy ways to make done extra money online?
Why do I feel alone?	Why am I feeling alone?
How do I increase traffic on my site?	How to increase my website Traffic?
Why can't I upvote my own answer or comment?	Why can't I upvote my own answers?
What are positive and negative effects of demonetization?	What are the negative ANd positive effects of demonitisation?
How do I gain weight in a month ?	How do I gain weight in a month?
Is the Tejas or JF-17 a better replacement for the MIG-21 (F-7's)?	Is lca Tejas better than J17?
How many days does it take to get a fresh passport in India?	How many days it takes for the issue of a passport in india?
What is the difference between India and the United States of America?	What is the difference between India and USA?
Why do people still think the the world is flat?	Why do some people still think the Earth is flat?
Would you marry someone who isn't a Virgin?	Would you marry a girl who is not virgin?
Is there any evidence that time travel is a reality?	Was there any proven instance and/or evidence of time travelling?
What are some sad indie songs?	What are some painfully sad alternative rock songs?
Which is the best video call app?	Which is the best video calling app?
Why do some people think the Earth is flat?	Why do some people today still believe that the Earth is flat? What evidence has convinced them that this is so?
What can I do to get my penis to grow?	How do I get a bigger dick?
What is art of living?	What is the art of living well?
What is 1-800–251–4919?))}} //Belkin Router Number Belkin Router Techincal Support Phone Number?	Can I use this number //* [[1800*251*4919]] *// Belkin Router Techical Support Number Belkin ROUTER phone numbers?
What causes a computer virus? How do you remove computer viruses on your PC?	What are some causes for computer viruses? How can you avoid them?
Where can I found best in sound quality on DJ hire in Sydney?	Where can I get best quality professional sound on DJ services in Sydney?
Has anybody had sexual intercourse with his/her teacher? 	Have you ever had sexual intercourse with a teacher?
What are your long-term and short-term goals?	What short-term and long-term goals do you have?
Why is the band Tool so popular?	What is your review of Tool (band)?
How can I make lean muscle body?	What should we do to make lean body?
Can someone motivate me?	Can you motivate me?
What's the best way to sell your car?	How do I sell car?
What sort of questions should NOT be asked on Quora?	What kind of questions should not be answered on Quora?
Why do people need to believe in god?	Why do people need to believe in a god?
Which operating system does Batman use?	On which operating system did Nolan's Batman work?
Do banks keep paper backups of their databases?	Do banks keep a paper backup of their databases?
What are some of the best mobile gadgets?	What are some of the best mobile technology gadgets?
Why do people write for Quora?	What motivates people with technical experience to answer questions on Quora?
Who is your favorite musician or band and why?	Who are your favorite musicians?
Do you consider yourself attractive?	Do you find yourself attractive?
What are the good books for learing Internet of things?	What are some good books about 'The Internet of Things'?
How do you make your facial hair grow faster?	How can i grow facial hair ?
What is the best way to meet women?	What is the best way to meet girls?
Which is the best text book for engineering mathematics for gate?	What is the best book for engineering mathematics for gate?
What are some interesting facts about the Spanish language?	What are some interesting things about the Spanish language?
What are some examples of 4NF (fourth normal form)?	What is an intuitive explanation of 4NF (fourth normal form) in a relational DBMS?
Will Saina Nehwal win gold medel in Rio Olympics 2016?	How many Gold medels will India win in Rio olympics 2016?
Do Turkish people like Pakistani people?	Why do Turkish people like Pakistanis?
How can I lose 30 pounds in 1 month? What are some tips?	What is it like to lose 30 pounds in one month?
Will the value of Indian rupee increase after the ban of 500 and 1000 rupee notes?	How can the ban of 500 and 1000 rupee notes increase the Indian economy?
What are some good photo editing apps for Android and how do they work?	What is the best photo editing app for Android mobile?
How will I improve my spoken English?	How can I improve my English Language?
Why did Steve Jobs pick Tim Cook as the CEO of Apple?	Why was Tim Cook appointed the CEO of Apple?
How can I learn to sing online?	What's the best way to learn to sing online?
How do I tell if someone is a psychopath?	How do I know that I am a psychopath?
Why did Hillary Clinton loose the 2016 Presidential election?	What was the cause of Hillary Clinton losing?
How can I delete my Instagram comments off an account that's blocked me?	How do I delete my Instagram comments on a user's post that he/she blocked me?
How can I improve my English writing skills?	How can I improve my English vocabulary and writing skills?
How black money will be affected by discontinuing rs 500 and 1000 notes?	How much black money will be controlled by banning Rs 500 and Rs 1000 note?
Is the new iphone 7 worth buying?	Is it worth buying the iPhone 7?
Where can I get best services in property transactions across the Sydney?	Where can I get knowledgeable assistance for transfer of property in Sydney?
Who is a diplomat?	What is a diplomat?
What is commercial and subsistence agriculture? How do they differ?	What is the difference between subsistence agriculture and modern agriculture?
What should I wear for a concert?	What should I wear for concert?
What budget belt grinder would you recommend for a beginner knife maker?	What belt grinder should a (beginner) knife maker own?
How do I loose weight fast?	What is the best way to loose weight quickly?
What are some good beaches to visit in Kerala?	Which place is good for trip in Kerala?
What is the best way to convert a picture into URL?	What are the best ways to convert an image to an URL?
What are some reasons your cat might meow constantly?	What are the reasons why a cat won't stop meowing?
Can we track the location of a person using a mobile phone?	How can one track a mobile number location?
What is meant by maturity?	What is maturity? Is it only the physical change?
Which are the best questions ever asked in Quora?	What are the best questioned asked in Quora?
How do I get pussy?	How can I get me some pussy?
How do you know if your partner is cheating on you?	How do I know my partner is in another relationship?
Why isn't the use of Torrent illegal?	Is torrenting illegal?
What are some examples of biotic and abiotic factors found in the environment?	What are biotic factors and what are some examples of them in an ecosystem?
What has restored your faith in humanity?	What incident restored your faith in Humanity?
Should you be afraid of death?	Should we be afraid of death?
How can I change my profile pic on Quora?	How can I put up my profile photo on my Quora?
Do you think social media is harmful to your youth today?	Doyou think social media is harmful toour youth?
Which sex position women like most?	Which position do women prefer in sex?
What is the capital city of Argentina?	What is the capital of Argentina?
What does a civil engineer do?	How does civil engineering work?
Is a third world war coming?	Is World War 3 closer than it has ever been?
What is your review of Violences Against Women in India?	What should be done to improve the standards of safety for women in India?
Why are yawns contagious?	Why is yawning considered to be contagious?
What are some tips for writing emails?	What are some tips for writing a proper/polite email?
Is it hard to learn the violin?	How difficult is it to learn the violin?
How do i propose for marriage?	How does someone propose marriage?
Are predictions of the future based on the present too much?	Are predictions of the future too rooted in the present?
How do I start with Android development?	How do I begin with android application development?
Why are there evil people?	Why are most people so evil today?
What is it like getting tortured?	What is it like being tortured?
What are the qualifications and process to get a job in SEBI?	What are the various job profiles in SEBI and the required eligibility criterias & qualifications to get into them?
What are the lead bank schemes?	What is lead bank?
Will Trump lose the election?	Has Donald Trump already lost the election?
What programming languages should I learn for video game development?	Which programming language should I learn if I am interested in game development?
What's your opinion on the Clinton Body Count?	Is there any evidence for the Clinton Body Count Conspiracy?
How does an inexperienced 25 year old create a social life and love life from scratch?	How do I start my social life from scratch?
How can the far reaches of the unobservable universe be expanding at faster than the speed of light?	Is expansion of universe faster than the speed of light?
What's the best time to study?	Which is the best time for studying?
Why do white people hang out with Asians more than other races?	Why do white people like Asians?
Why do some people think that the Earth is flat?	Why do people say the earth is flat when we have seen photos of the earth (which is round)?
What is ultimate purpose of life?	What purpose do you find in life?
How do I get a job after completing civil engineering?	How do I get a job after graduation as a civil engineer?
How can you know if a girl likes you?	What are all the signs that girl likes you? What are the best of them?
What is the aftermath of trump winning the presidential election?	What will happen now that President-elect Donald Trump has won the election?
What are positive sanctions and what are some examples?	What are examples of positive sanctions?
What are some examples of mechanical advantages?	What are some mechanical advantage examples?
What are the best ways to get rid of acne?	What are some permanent ways of getting rid of acne?
What is the smartest idea you ever had?	What is the smartest idea you have ever had?
Can someone learn to be witty?	How do you learn how to be witty?
How should one study the NCERT books for UPSC?	What is the best way to study NCERT books for the UPSC?
What are the things that rest of the world should learn from India?	What should the rest of the world learn from India?
Are we going to see rise of right wing parties in Europe after the latest refugee crisis?	Is the refugee crisis in Europe resulting in the rise of the extreme right wing?
How do I get Organic traffic for my blog site?	How do I get organic traffic on my site?
What was the first game ever played in the history of the world?	What was the first game in the world?
How would the newly introduced rs 2000 notes not contribute to laundering and black money?	How will the new currency notes of denomination 500 and 2000 curb black money?
How did Trump win the presidency?	Why did Donald Trump win the 2016 American election?
What is the difference between Netherlands Dutch and Belgium Dutch language?	What's the main difference between Belgian Dutch and the Dutch spoken in the Netherlands?
How do I get job in NITI Aayog?	How can one get a job at NITI Aayog?
Why does Quora wants to end each question with a question mark?	Why does Quora prompt a question mark?
What are the visiting places in coorg?	Which are the must-visit places in Coorg?
How did AB de Villiers perform as a bowler?	How AB de Villiers demonstrated Bowler?
Why is the Quora community so anti-Donald Trump?	Why does Quora hate Donald J Trump?
What anime reminds you of Disney's The Little Mermaid movie?	What anime movie reminds you of Disney's The Little Mermaid movie?
What does the lock symbol on my iPhone 6 means?	What does the iPhone icon with lock and arrow mean?
What are the best way to forget someone?	How do you forget about someone?
What is the best way to become fluent in Spanish?	How can I become fluent in Spanish?
Which are the best movies of 2016?	What are the best movies of 2016?
Is a sea of massive gravitons what ripples when galaxy clusters collide and is it what waves in a double slit experiment?	Are SIMPs what ripple when galaxy clusters collide and what wave in a double slit experiment?
How do you write longer details for a Quora question?	Why does Quora limit the amount of characters in the details section of the questions for some users and others users can write as much as they want?
Which are the best IIT JEE coaching classes in India?	Which is the best IIT-JEE coaching institute in India?
How can I handle uncertainty?	How do I deal with uncertainty?
How do I dress like a hipster comfortably?	How can one dress like a hipster?
What are example of the five properties of matter?	What are some examples of the properties of matter?
Why do humans need to have Sex?	Why do we need sex?
Can humans be immortal?	How do you become immortal?
What are the best email extractors?	What is the best email extractor?
How should I earn money online working from home?	How can I earn money on internet?
Why did the founding fathers decide to use electoral votes instead of popular votes to elect presidents?	Why is the Electoral college used instead of the popular vote?
What is some interesting activities to be done during Chinese New Year?	What are things to do at a Chinese new year festival?
Is downloading from torrent illegal in India?	In present days download movies from torrent is a criminal offence or not in India?
What does it mean if a dog throws up yellow liquid?	What should I do if my puppy throws up white foam?
What do I do to have anger management?	How can I manage my anger issues?
What is the rationale for diplomatic immunity?	Should we get rid of diplomatic immunity?
What are some of your favorite lines from a song?	What is your favourite lyric line from a song?
Which books should an entrepreneur read?	Which are those book that every entrepreneur should read?
Does Quora stand for QUestion OR Answer?	What is the Quora means?
Why should we be kind?	Why should people be kind?
What are the differences between mitosis and meiosis?	What are the differences between mitosis and meiosis? What are their similarities?
How do I get over old regrets?	How do I get over regrets that are making me unhappy?
Will WW3 happen at some point in 2017?	Is WW3 coming?
What is the average salary in india?	What are the average salaries and wages in India?
What is the least painful way for suicide?	What is the quickest and less painful way to commit suicide?
How do stop smoking?	How do I quit smoking?
Why the clouds are up in the sky?	How do clouds float?
Is watching porn a sin?	Is watching porn sin?
What is RaghuRam Rajan's point of view in India's act of scraping 500 & 1000 notes overnight?	What are Raghuram Rajan's views about demonetization of Rs 500 and Rs 1000 notes in India?
What is the debilitating condition where files are stored as clusters scattered all over a disk?	What is the debilitating condition in which files are stored as clusters scattered all over a disk?
Who is the best Vashikaran specialist in Delhi?	Who is best vashikaran specialist in delhi? Can any one share personal experience?
What is your New Year’s Resolution(s) for 2017?	What is your New Year's resolutions for 2017?
What is Google Campus?	What is Google campus all about?
Why components in Aliexpress are so cheap?	Why are products on Aliexpress.com is so cheap?
What is the best online university?	What is the top online university?
Why are some answers collapsed?	Why did some Quora answers collapse?
How can I speak proper English?	How does one speak proper English?
How does an attractive girl look like?	What makes a girl look beautiful?
What can I do to improve my English speaking?	How can I improve my English pronunciation?
Is there any proper treatment for a migraine which will cure a migraine?	What is the best remedy or treatment for migraine relief?
Why do you feel that the death penalty is "cruel or unusual punishment"?	Why do people claim that the death penalty is a cruel and unusual punishment?
Why is the U.S. involved in the South China Sea dispute? What is its interest in that region?	Why is Chinese expansion in the South China Sea a U.S. national security concern?
What are some of the best books to prepare for the quantitative aptitude test?	Which is the best best book of quantitative aptitude?
What qualifications are required to do an MS in mechanical engineering in Germany?	What is the eligibility criteria for doing MS in mechanical engineering from Germany?
How long does it take to learn English to be like a native English speaker?	How long did it take you to learn English?
Who are the hottest pornstars of all time?	Who is the hottest pornstar?
Is it true tat the new 2000 denomination currency has some Nano GPS chip? Or is it a rumour?	Is Indian currency bill Rs. 2000 has GPS chip for tracking?
How do I improve my English speaking?	How can improve my English speaking?
How do I download my whole collection of photos from Google Photos?	How do you download all your photos from Google photos in one shot?
How do teeth grow back when they fall out?	Do teeth grow back?
What could happen if I drove before I got my license and I got pulled over? I have my permit.	What happen if I drive without a license and only have a permit and get pulled over?
What is the best remedy or treatment for migraine relief?	Is there any permanent treatment for heavy migraine head ache?
Is Pottermore a successful website?	Is Pottermore a success?
Why are universities in USA racist towards Asian applicants?	Why do USA universities discriminate against Asians?
How can I motivate myself and stop wasting time in browsing websites?	How do you stop yourself from wasting time online?
What's the function of cell membrane?	What is the cell membrane? What are the functions?
What are some inspirational quotes in your life?	What quotes have been most inspirational in your life?
What is your creative New Year's resolution for 2017?	What are some meaningful new year resolutions for 2017?
What is the best dictionary app for iphone?	What is the best dictionary app for iPhone and iPad?
Is there any movie made in Bollywood that can match Kabali made in Kollywood?	Has Bollywood ever made a Hindi movie comparable to Tamil movie Kabali?
Which is the best motivational movie ever?	Which is best motivational movie?
What is best way to increase presence of mind?	Is there any way to develop my presence of mind?
What is the meaning of the word "reminiscing"?	What is the meaning of the word "reminiscence"?
How do I lose weight ayurvedically?	How do I lose 30 pounds?
Schedule caste actors in india?	Who are the actors belonging to schedule castes of India?
What is the difference between an intelligent person and a smart person?	What is the difference between an intellectual and a smart person?
How smart is artificial intelligence today ?	How smart is artificial intelligence?
How do gay or lesbian people have sex?	How do homosexual people have sex?
Why is there a snake on the medical symbol?	What does snake stick and angel wings have to do with doctor in their symbol?
How may I know whether my wife is cheating on me?	How do you know if your partner is cheating on you?
What is the best answer of "why should I hire you"?	What is the best answer when we are asked by interviewers why should we hire you?
Is Singapore its own country?	Is Singapore a country?
How did Death Valley National Park get its name?	How did Death Valley get its name?
What can I do in Phuket?	What can I do during a three day trip to Phuket?
What are some of the best books to prepare for ntse?	How should I prepare for ntse?
How can we make our parents happy?	What makes our parents happy?
What are some good ways to spend weekends in Bengaluru?	How do we spend our weekends in Bangalore?
What is the creepiest thing to ever happen to you?	What is the creepiest thing that ever happened to you?
How did you catch your spouse cheating?	How do I catch a cheating spouse?
Is it legal to reimplement an API from a proprietary software?	Is it legal to clone a proprietary API?
Does Quora know its me when I post anonymously?	Does Quora track me when I post anonymously?
How can you tell if someone is a racist?	How can you tell if something is racist?
Do you think there is life after death?	What do you think about life after death?
What is a meaning of life?	What is the meaning of this life?
Is Nicotine naturally in tobacco?	Is nicotine a natural substance in tobacco?
Why did Hillary Clinton lie to the parents of Navy seals that died because of her gun running and incompetence and then call them liars when caught?	Why did Mrs. Clinton lie to the parents of Navy seals that died because of her gun running scheme and incompetence and call them liars when caught?
What is the best porn movie ever?	What are best porn movies to watch?
What is the difference between c# and c++?	What is the difference between C++ and C#?
What does the CVS in CVS Pharmacy stand for?	Does "CVS" in CVS pharmacy stand for anything?
Does masturbating cause prostate cancer in men?	Does masturbation cause prostate cancer?
How is my friend earning millions from home just by using Uber app?	How do people earn billions from home using simple Uber app hack?
How do I buy shares and do bussiness with shares?	How can I buy shares?
Can Donald Trump keep his campaign promises?	Can Trump actually keep his campaign promises?
What is your favorite genre of music and why?	What is your favourite music genre and why?
How can you grow your hair faster in a short period of time?	What should I do to grow my hair in a week?
How do parents justify giving their children ridiculous names?	Why do people give their children ridiculous names?
Who would write your biography the best?	Who would write your biography?
What's the difference between an attorney and a lawyer?	Whats the difference between an attorney and lawyer?
Where does the soul reside?	Where is our soul in our body?
How can you get rid of pimples in your earlobe?	How do you get rid of a pimple on your earlobe?
How can I clear my doubts in quantitative aptitude for banking exams?	How can I clear my doubts about quantitative aptitude for banking exams?
How do I loose weight fast?	How can I loose fat?
How do I get funding for my idea of an app?	How do I get my "groundbreaking" app idea noticed and also get funding to develop it?
Who do you think should win the presidency of 2016 and why?	Who should win the US Presidency? And why?
Why is everyone on Quora obsessed with IQ?	Why do so many people on Quora ask questions about IQ?
Why didn't the Nazis attack Switzerland?	Why didn't Hitler invade Switzerland?
What is the fastest way to lose 30 pounds in 1 month?	What is it like to lose 30 pounds in one month?
How do you legally immigrate to America from Paraguay? How can I ease up this process?	How do you legally immigrate to America from Nigeria? How can I ease up this process?
What are the safety precautions on handling shotguns proposed by the NRA in Minnesota?	What are the safety precautions on handling shotguns proposed by the NRA in Michigan?
How do I get started with stock market?	How can I get started in stock market?
Which university is best in Germany for doing MS in Computer Science?	What are the best universities in Germany for a Master's in computer science?
Why do people believe in flat earth?	Why are there still people who believe the world is flat?
How can be less self-conscious?	How can I be less self conscious?
Is Hillary Clinton a pathological liar?	Is Hillary Clinton a habitual liar?
What is everything I need to know about stocks and the stock market?	What I need to know to be an investor in the stock market?
What are the funniest nick names you have?	What is your funniest nick name?
How do I learn basics of stock market?	What are the ways to learn about stock market?
What are some of your unique qualities?	What unique quality do you offer the world?
What should be my preparation strategy for civil service exam? Currently I am in 12th	How do I start preparation for IAS exam?
Why is it lonely at the top once you reach the billionaire or the millionaire status?	Why does it become lonely when you become a billionaire or why is it lonely at the top?
What is the claim made that Turkey is planning an intervention of Syria?	Will Turkey invade Northern Syria?
Are crossroad demons real?	Are crossroads demons real?
How do I score maximum marks in chemistry for 12th board examination?	How do I get maximum marks in chemistry in CBSE 12th Board?
How do I increase IQ?	What shall I do to improve my IQ?
Is it possible to crack CAT exam by self study if preparation starts in August?	Is it possible to crack CAT 2016 with 99.5+ if we start the preparation from August by self study?
Who nomenclated Earth?	Who in the Earth named Earth?
What is the best compliment you ever got from anyone?	What's the best compliment you’ve ever received?
How can you get a loan without having any credit?	How do I get a loan with no credit?
How does this "demonetisation of 500 & 1000 rupee notes" help to reduce the price of real estate?	What will be impact of 500 / 1000 notes ban on real estate?
Why is my question marked as “needing improvement"?	Why is my question repeatedly marked as needing improvement?
How will a Trump presidency affect the students presently in US or planning to study in US?	What will happen to international students in the US if Donald Trump becomes president?
What do you think of Mr. Modi's decision to discontinue Rs 500 and 1000 currencies as of midnight November 8th?	What are your views on PM Modi's decision on discontinuing 500 & 1000 rs notes?
Which are some of the best romantic movies?	Which are the best romantic movies to watch?
How can I learn Norwegian?	What is the quickest way to learn Norwegian?
How are art and architecture related?	How art is related to architecture?
Which is the best university in Ukraine?	What is the best university in Ukraine?
How do I save an answer on Quora?	How do I save an answer which I like on Quora?
How can I regain my motivation?	How do I regain my motivation to do anything?
What kind of secret you can't share with anyone else?	What is a secret you would not tell anyone but Quora?
Which is the longest river in worl?	Which is the longest river in world?
Who will be the new president of USA?	Who will be the president of usa?
What is the best rum to mix with Coke?	What is the best rum and Coke recipe?
Why is my Australian Cattle Dog/Pointer mix puppy afraid of cats?	Why is my Maltese/Husky puppy afraid of cats?
Which country should I not visit?	Which country will you never visit?
What is the craziest thing you have ever done during sex?	What is the craziest thing you ever did while having sex?
How can I add unlimited resources in my 8 Ball Pool Hack game?	Are there any generators that generate unlimited coins and cash in 8 ball pool?
What should I do to improve my questions on Quora?	Only one third of my questions pass the Quora bot. How can I improve my questions?
How can atrial fibrillation cause a stroke?	How is atrial fibrillation connected to strokes?
Is there any popular service similar to Quora?	What are similar sites like Quora?
What backpack was used by Oliver Queen to break out John Diggle from prison in Arrow Season 5 and why?	What mask was used by Oliver Queen to break out John Diggle from prison in Arrow Season 5?
What are the good ways to calculate distance between two GPS coordinates?	How do I calculate distance from Google GPS coordinates?
What are the examples of people who skipped school or were bad in studies and are succesful now?	What are the examples of people who skipped school or were bad in studies and are successful now?
What is the difference between Autopilot and Black Box?	What is the difference between Automatic Pilot and Black Box?
How will Trump's presidency affect Indian students who are planning to do a PhD in the US?	What does Donald Trump's win mean for Indian students in USA?
How did the 12th Amendment change the voting procedure of the Electoral College?	Why was the 12th amendment added to the Constitution?
What is a good age to have sex?	Which is the best age for having sex?
What is the extreme diet to loose belly fat fast?	How do I loose weight fast?
What would be the fee of learning the German language?	What is the cost to learn German language?
Why do cats lick people?	Why does my cat lick me?
How is first time sex experience?	How did you feel when you had sex for the first time?
What is your favorite movies of all times?	What are your favorite movies and why?
How can I make money while travelling?	How can I make money as a traveler?
Who is your favorite Pokemon?	Whats your favorite Pokemon?
What can I do to get accepted into an Ivy League school?	How can I improve my chances of being accepted into an Ivy League school?
What is time traveling?	What exactly is time travelling?
What is the relation between phase and line voltage?	What is line voltage and phase voltage?
What are best c++ books in 2016?	How can I master C++ and what is the best book/s for it?
How does a long distance relationship work?	Why do long distance relationships fail?
Is the mentally disabled man in Chicago being tortured a racist hate crime?	Will the recent attack on the disabled white man be labeled a hate crime? What do you think?
How do you log in to Facebook if you forgot your password?	Forgot my Facebook password and email password. How can I log into Facebook?
Why is my labia minora swollen and itchy?	What are the causes of having a swollen and itchy labia minora?
Where are the majority of Quora users from?	Who and where are the majority of Quora users based?
How do I stop caring about what people think about me?	How do I learn not to care about what people think of me?
The decision of Indian Government to demonetize ₹500 and ₹1000 notes? Is Right or wrong?	How is the decision made by Indian Govt to demonetize ₹500 and ₹1000 is useful?
I'm a 16 years old girl. My height is 4.10 ft and my period started when I was 11. can I still grow my height to 5.2?	I'm a 16 year old girl and 4"11. Can I still grow any taller?
How can I pass a drug test for meth in two days?	How can I pass a meth urine test in less than 24 hrs?
How can I improve my English pronunciation?	How do I improve my overall native English language?
How do I improve travel business?	How do I improve my tours and travel business?
How does promoting integrity ensure the prosperity of the nation?	How promoting integrity ensures the prosperity of the nation?
What's the coolest WhatsApp status you have ever seen?	What is best whatsapp status you have ever seen?
India: Who are the most underrated Indians ever?	Who are the most underrated Indians?
What is the most liked dessert in India?	What is the most popular dessert of India?
Which will be the best budget laptop under 30k?	What is the best laptop under 30000 INR?
What is your favourite snack?	What are your favourite snacks?
What is a credit hour?	How do the credit hours work in college?
How do you pee while wearing a one piece bikini?	How do girls pee while wearing a one piece bikini?
Whose going to win the American presidential election after all the political happenings this year?	Who do you think is going to win the 2016 presidential election?
What your favourite movie?	Favourite movie of all time? Why?
Why can't I write good essay?	Why is it so hard to write an essay?
When do i realize that I am overthinking?	How do I know that I am overthinking?
What are the facts which proves The Qur'an is word of God?	Is Qur'an really from God?
What do you do when you have writers block?	How do you get over writer’s block?
What is a way to make money online?	How can I make money online consistently?
Does Donald Trump show signs of pre-Alzheimer's?	Does Donald Trump exhibit signs of dementia or Alzheimer’s?
What will be the effects of demonitizing 500 and 1000 rupees notes in Indian economy?	Will the scraping of 500 and 1000 rupees have negative effect on Indias's economy?
What does vaginal sex feel like?	What does sex feel like for women and men?
What is it really like to work for Amazon?	What's it like to work at amazon?
Who is the most beautiful Hollywood actress in your opinion?	Who is the most beautiful actress in Hollywood?
Does India lack technological superiority to develop its own advanced weapons and drones?	Why can't India manufacture its own advanced weapons rather than importing?
Where are you reading this?	Where are you reading this from?
Who is the sexiest pornstar?	Who ia the most sexiest pornstars?
How the way to speak english fluently?	How do I speak English fluently in half a year?
Is the theory of evolution not falsifiable?	Could Darwin's theory of evolution get disproven?
What is the difference between stock and share?	Is there any difference between share and stock?
What should I do to build a leadership quality?	How can I acquire leadership qualities?
What are the best CS courses at Coursera worth getting a certificate for?	What are the best courses for CS in Coursera?
What were the major causes for the fall of the Roman Empire?	What caused the fall of the Roman Empire? How would the world be if they were still around?
Why did the Mona Lisa become one of the most famous paintings of all time?	Why is the Mona Lisa the most famous painting in the world?
Why did Trump win the Presidency?	How did Donald trump win the elections?
What is the scope after bsc physics?	What are the career options after bsc physics?
What are some tutorials to learn Adobe Illustrator?	Can you put some tutorials for learning Adobe illustrator?
How do I start my preparations for Google Summer of Code 2016?	How do I prepare for the Google Summer of Code (GSoC)?
Why is my Pug/Cavalier mix puppy afraid of cats?	Why is my Maltese/Husky puppy afraid of cats?
How close are we to world war?	How close is a World War III?
How do I change team in Pokémon GO?	Can I change my team in Pokémon GO?
How can I get Meth out of my system in less than 2 days so I can pass my drug test?	How do I get meth out of my system in 2 days?
Why is Argentina safe from Zika virus?	Is Argentina so far safe from Zika virus?
What are Daenerys' visions in the House of the Undying in the book?	What did the visions that Daenarys see in The House of the Undying mean?
What is the best software for graphic design?	What is the best software program for doing graphic design?
When did Nielsen acquire Claritas and how?	When did Nielsen acquire Claritas?
Are men funnier than women?	Are men funnier than women? Why?
How do I add images in Quora?	How do I post an image in Quora?
What are some interesting guitar tunings?	Which guitar tuning is the best?
I am depressed. How to overcome this?	How should I overcome depression?
Who is the most inspirational person in your life and why?	Who are you most inspired by and why?
Who will win the 2016 presidential elections?	Who is going to win the 2016 presidential election?
Will banning 500 and 1000 notes can stop the black money?	How exactly does banning Rs 500 and Rs 1000 notes curb the problem of black money?
How do I start learning or strengthen my knowledge of data structures and algorithms?	What are some video tutorials that I can use to start learning data structures and algorithms from scratch?
What can wrestlers do to prevent cauliflower ears?	Why do wrestlers have deformed ears?
Can the fingerprints of two different people be the same?If not then why?	Can two people have the same fingerprints?
What is Déjà vu?	What causes déja vu?
How many days before my period can I get pregnant?	Can I get pregnant 3 days after period if I bled for not even a full 3 days?
What are your opinions about scrapping Rs. 500 and Rs. 1000 notes?	What are your views over discontinuation of Rs 500 and Rs 1000 notes? What will be it’s outcome ?
How should I reduce my belly naturally?	How can I reduce belly fat and overall weight?
How do I know that I am a psychopath?	Is there any way to know if someone is a psychopath?
What are the good resources to learn Unity 3D?	How can you learn Unity 3D?
How is the Samsung Galaxy S7 edge?	What is your review of the Samung Galaxy S7 Edge?
Is there life outside the earth?	Does life exist beyond earth?
HOw do I speak Fluent English?	How can learn English?
How do I cure acne holes and marks?	How do I cure acne marks and scars?
How can I make money from intraday trading?	How do you make money from day trading?
What are the most commonly asked interview questions and how do I answer them?	What are the common questions asked during interviews?
What is the best part time job to work from home?	What are some of the best part-time jobs where you can work from home and make some good cash?
How should I prepare for IAS now?	How do I prepare for the IAS 2017?
Can someone with ADHD and or ADD fall in love with someone else?	Can someone with ADHD and/or ADD fall in love with someone else?
What is the meaning of cancer and Capricorn in tropic of Cancer and tropic of Capricorn?	What is the tropic of Capricorn and Cancer?
How do you speed up DeSmuME?	How can you speed up the DeSmuME emulator?
Who is the most inspiring person to you?	Who is the most inspirational person ever?
What painting/drawing describes your personality and why?	What painting or drawing describes your personality and why?
How do I increase stamina?	What should I do to increase my stamina?
What is the best way to learn about stock market?	How can I learn more about stocks?
What's the best broker for trading and long term investing?	What are the best brokers for long term investment?
Does it matter what time of day you take an antidepressant?	Does the time at which you take an SSRI during the day seem to increase/decrease certain side effects?
What is the balanced equation for water?	What is the balanced chemical equation for water?
What is a linear pair?	What are linear pairs?
How does the HP OfficeJet 4620 Airprint compare to the HP DesignJet T795 44-in Printer?	How does the HP OfficeJet 4620 Airprint compare to the HP Color LaserJet Enterprise M553x?
Why does my mood shift so suddenly?	Why does my mood change quickly?
How can I get MDMA?	What are some ways to take MDMA?
What is the changes in IBPS RRB Exam?	Can IBPS RRB change the exam date?
How does one overcome depression and anxiety?	What should I do to overcome anxiety?
What are some ways to start a business?	How do I to start new business?
What do you think of the answers on Quora?	What do you think about the answers on Quora?
Why is Saltwater taffy candy imported in The Bahamas?	Why is Saltwater taffy candy imported in Laos?
How do I earn money from the Internet?	How can I earn money easily online?
Which is the best coaching institute for CAT?	Which is the best coaching institute for CAT preparation?
Why aren’t calendars designed with 13 months of 28 days each?	Why isn't there 13 months in a year?
What is the best option to respond to Pakistan after Uri attack?	How should we react on Uri camp terror attack?
Why does Quora censor opinions and answers?	Why does Quora censor questions they don't like?
What percentage of doctors make house calls in California?	How many doctors in California perform house calls?
What are the most followed topics on Quora?	Which topics on Quora are the most popular and have the most followers?
Which are the best movies of 2016?	What were the best movies of 2016? Why?
What are the most crazy things you did while in college?	What was the most crazy thing you did in college?
What are the top 3 important Android phone apps?	What are the top 2 Some important android phone app?
How likely is a war between the U.S and Russia?	Are we going to war with Russia?
What are the best plaster of Paris companies in India?	Where can I find best company of plaster of Paris in India?
Must one have a college degree before being a programmer?	Does one need a college degree in order to be hired as a programmer / web developer?
What is it like to live in the present?	What is living in the present?
What will happen to Tesla Motors if Elon Musk dies?	What would happen to SpaceX and Tesla if Elon Musk dies today?
Where are the best places to go surfing in Florida? Why?	Where are the best places to go surfing in Florida?
What are insulators? What are the different types?	What are the different type of insulators?
What is the meaning of Quora?	What is the meaning of Quora.?
How do you build a chatbot?	How do I build a highly intelligent chatbot?
Guy considering receiving anal sex. What does it feel like?	What does receiving anal sex feel like?
What's your review for the movie Ae Dil Hai Mushkil?	What is your review for Ae Dil Hai Mushkil?
How do I get answers to my question?	How can I get more answers on my question?
What are the most compelling arguments for turning public education into a voucher system?	What are the most compelling arguments against turning public education into a voucher system?
Why doesn't Russia invade all of Ukraine?	Will Russia invade the rest of Ukraine?
What is your favorite GTA 5 mission?	What was your favorite mission/scene in GTA 5?
What problem people will face after banning on 1000 and 500 rupee notes?	What more problems are gonna be faced & what will be the future situation of India after this huge step of discontinuing 500 & 1000 notes?
How is the word "incredulity" used in a sentence?	How do you use "incredulity" in a sentence?
Why is Pablo Picasso famous?	Why was Pablo Picasso so famous?
What are some of the best Linux tutorials online?	What are some best sites to learn Ubuntu Linux for free?
What is the best way to promote a blog on social media?	How do I promote my business blog in social media?
What are the best institutions to learn Python in Hyderabad?	Which is the Best institute for learning python in hyderabad?
How do I know whether a guy is cheating on me or no?	How will you know if your partner was or still cheating on you?
Who actually invented Quora?	Who are the founders of Quora?
What are some non-fiction books which are a must-read and why?	What are some good non-fiction books that I should read?
What are the songs that make you feel happy?	Which songs make you feel happy when listening to them?
Which character do you think will die in Game of Thrones Season 7? Why?	Who do you predict will die in season 7 Game of Thrones?
What are the basic components of a computer model?	What are the major components of a computer system?
What would happen if the stock market fails for good?	What would happen if the stock market failed?
Where can I get great range of flavours for cupcakes at Gold Coast?	Where can I buy best quality gourmet cupcakes in Gold Coast?
What is the QuickBooks payroll tech support number in Washington?	Which is the best QuickBooks Tech Support Number in Texas?
How can I strengthen my grip?	How can I strengthen my forearm and hand grip?
Can I open my own bank?	How can I open my own bank?
What are some really good rap songs?	What are some really good rap songs with killer beats?
How can I get traffic in my website?	How can I increase the traffic on my website?
What is your purpose of life?	What is the GRAND purpose of life?
What is the difference between the iPhone 6s and iPhone 6s Plus?	What is the difference between iPhone 6s and iPhone 6s Plus?
What does it really mean to be married?	What does it mean to be married?
What is the effect of black money on India's macro economy?	How does black money affect the economy?
How do I learn stock market investing?	What is the best way to learn about investing in the stock market and what stocks to buy?
How is Android Lollipop?	What is your review of Android Lollipop?
Do you think the shape of filipino consciousness is natural? Explain briefly	Is the Filipino consciousness natural?
How do I gain back self esteem after my boyfriend cheated?	How do I gain self confidence after a depressing episode with a cheating partner?
In which form will World War 3 take?	How will World War 3 be like?
How do I define my comfort Zone?	Everyone says come out of your comfort zone but what is my comfort zone?
Why wasn't Neville Longbottom the Chosen One?	Is Nevile Longbottom the chosen one?
What is the best side dishes to eat alongside filet mignon?	What are the best side dishes to serve with filet mignon?
What purpose do you find in life?	What is the purpose of life? Why are we here?
Why can women have multiple orgasms and keep going while men can not?	Why can't men have multiple orgasms?
How do I get into Stanford with a poor GPA? C	How do I get into Stanford with a poor GPA?
What are the career prospects after doing a PhD in chemical engineering from the USA?	Jobs opportunity in us after phd in chemical engineering from us?
Which countries have nuclear weapons?	Which countries have nuclear weapons and where do they have them?
What will happen if everyone dies this instant?	What if everyone died?
When is a proper 3DS emulator going to be launched?	Is there a working Nintendo 3DS emulator for PC?
Why do people give presents/gifts?	Why do people give gifts?
How can I prepare for gate?	How do I prepare gate exam?
What are some good songs that make you cry?	Which songs did make you cry ever?
Where dhcp and DNS are located?	Where are the DNS and the DHCP located?
How do I make money easily?	Live: How can I earn money easily?
How can I setup my TV station on IPTV?	How can I setup my TV station or channel on IPTV?
What are the various scholarship I can apply for M.Sc from USA?	What are the various US scholarships I can apply for?
What Quora means?	What is the Quora means?
Should I buy a MacBook Pro with or without a Retina display?	Is this the right time to buy a Macbook Pro Retina?
How can students from Hindi medium do engineering if all the textbooks of engineering are in English?	How can students from the Hindi medium do engineering if all the textbooks are in English?
How corrupt is Prime Minister Narendra Modi Government?	Is Narendra Modi a corrupt politician?
Is Spotify available in India?	Is Spotify not available in India?
What is a use of creating blog on Quora?	What is the use of creating a blog on Quora?
What are some good ways to get rid of belly fat?	I've gained belly through years of inactivity how do I get rid of it?
How does one make a cake?	How do you bake a 10" cake?
How can I get my old Facebook back?	How do I get back in my old Facebook account?
What are the different types of gases?	What are some of the different types of gases?
Do today's parents take parenting way too seriously?	Do most parents treat parenting way too seriously?
What is the average person’s IQ?	What is the iq of the average person?
What will you miss if you die today?	What would you miss if you are going to die today?
How do you add a profile picture on Quora?	How can I change my profile picture on Quora?
What would be effect of 500 and 1000 Rs notes ban?	What do you think will be the effect of Modi Government's decision of invalidating the RS 500 and RS 1000 notes?
Catholics: how do I stop watching internet porn?	How do I stop addiction to porn?
How is a second meausred?	How do we know that 1 second is 1 second?
What is the best way to remove a virus that blocks my internet connection?	How can I get rid of a virus blocking my internet connection?
What is the saddest movie you've ever seen?	What is the saddest movie you have watched?
Is baking soda considered acidic or a base?	Is baking soda an acid or a base?
What is the best way to get rid of stink bugs?	What are some ways to get rid of stink bugs naturally?
How do you find a lost iphone?	How do I find my lost iPhone?
Why is the sociology of education important to a teacher?	What is the importance of sociology of education to a teacher and why?
Why are people on this site so obsessed with IQ?	Why do so many people on Quora ask questions about IQ?
Are there any most notable and good online astrologers?	How can I consult a good online astrologer?
How can I advertise my YouTube channel without paying? YouTuber at ewolf225	How can I advertise my YouTube channel for free?
What is the latest technology in electrical engineering?	What are some latest technology in electrical engineering?
How I can improve my English communication?	How can I continue to improve my English?
How do I get revelations from God?	How can I get revelations from God?
How I can speak English fluently?	How can I speak fluent english with confidence?
What are some adjectives that start with an N?	What are some adjectives that start with N?
How will you know you love someone?	How do know that you are in love?
What life lessons does Game of Thrones teach us?	What does Game of Thrones teach us?
What are the pros and cons of living in Austria?	What is it like living in Austria?
What are the best quiz apps?	Which is the Best quiz app?
Creative Commons: Where can I find good CC-licensed music?	What are the best sites to download Creative Commons music?
What are some of the best English movies?	What are the best movies of Hollywood?
What actually is the purpose of life?	What according to YOU is the purpose of life?
How can I improve my English in all aspects?	How can I improve my spoken English?
What is your view on supreme court current decision on playing national anthem before the start of the movie?	What are your views on Supreme Court decision of must National Anthem before movies?
What is the difference between efficiency and COP in thermodynamics?	What is difference between COP and efficiency in thermodynamics?
Where can I get best support for managing anger in Sydney?	Where can I get best anger management support in Sydney?
Is there any proven method to increase 13 year old girl's height after hitting puberty?	Does height increase after 18 years?
How do I earn money with a website?	Earn money by website?
What is the best way to go about learning JavaScript?	What are the top 5 resources for learning Javascript?
Are there comprehensive tutorials to learn to use JetBrains IDEs to their full advantage?	How do I learn to use JetBrains IDEs to their full advantage?
How do you unlock a disabled iPhone 5?	How do you unlock an iPhone that is locked?
What is the WPS button on my Xfinity router?	What is the WPS button on a router for and what does it do?
How does first time sex feels like?	How did you feel when you had sex for the first time?
What are the qualities of a good logo? What makes a logo "stand out"?	What makes a logo good?
How do I sell my products at Amazon?	How do I start selling on Amazon?
Which has been the saddest death in Game of Thrones?	What's the saddest Game of Thrones death so far?
Do we still need reservation in INDIA? Why?	Does the Indian government need to reform reservation system?
Luis Von Ahn: Is Duolingo planning for adding the Indian languages in nearby Future?	Luis Von Ahn: When does Duolingo plan to offer courses in Indian languages other than Hindi?
How can I find out who's looking on my Facebook page?	How do you find out who has visited your Facebook page?
I have a startup idea. The business plan is ready. How should I raise funding for it?	How can I get seed funding for my e-commerce business plan when all I can present to seed investors is a rough plan/idea?
Why do people think their opinions are facts and can't tell the difference between what is an opinion and fact?	Why do some people think their opinions are facts? Why can't they tell the difference between an opinion and a fact?
Are the US and Russia fighting a proxy war in Syria? (please see details)	Is there a proxy war going in between Russia and US and its allies in Syria?
Can I apply for an E-2 visa while my green card is on process?	Can I apply for E-2 visa while I applied for a green card?
What is the best way to lose weight in a month?	How do I lose weight in a month?
How do you find the magnitude of the a net force using a formula?	What is net force in physics and how is its magnitude calculated?
Who is going to be the next president of USA?	Who will be the new president of USA?
Why analytics is important for your business?	Why is business analytics so important?
How can we contact you?	How do I get in contact with you?
How can the asexual reproduction of starfish be described?	How can the asexual reproduction in starfish be explained?
What is the difference between a business accelerator vs business incubator in layman terms?	What is the difference between an accelerator and an incubator for startups?
What would Donald Trump have to do to earn your respect?	What would it take for Donald Trump to earn your respect?
How do I repair cracks in walls?	Is there a way to repair cracks on wall?
Where can I download the entire Naruto and Naruto Shippuden series in English?	Where can I watch Naruto Shippuden episodes that are dubbed in Hindi?
What if India and Pakistan went on war today?	What happens if a war between India and Pakistan were to take place?
Is there any movies based on life on Albert Einstein's life?	What is a movie based on Albert Einstein's life?
Can I buy a car in Texas with drivers licence restriction B?	Can I buy a car with drivers licence restriction B?
Why was Cyrus Mistry removed as the Chairman of Tata Sons?	Why was Cyrus Mistry sacked by Ratan Tata from Tata Sons?
How can I become a millionaire before the age of 30?	How do I become a millionaire before the age of 30 in the UK?
Why do I feel very lonely?	Why do people feel lonely?
Why are some people so stupid?	Why some people are so stupid?
Are there any other website similar to Quora?	Are there any website like Quora?
What was the Bosnian war?	What is the Bosnian War?
How do I get out of an existential crisis?	How do I deal with existential crisis?
How should one prepare for geography optional for UPSC?	How should I prepare for UPSC 2017 with Geography as optional?
How can I quit chewing tobacco?	What are the best ways to quit chewing tobacco?
Instant info >180|0! 2.5.1! 4.9||1.9< Avg Antivirus Tech Support service?	What is AVG's AntiVirus tech support number?
Why don't people search on Google before posting it on Quora?	Why don't people simply 'Google' instead of asking questions on Quora?
What is the most embarrassing moment your crush had in front of you?	What are your most embarrassing stories?
Why is it impossible for all of us to be egoists?	Why is it impossible for alll of us to be egoists?
What is the meaning of life in one word?	What is the meaning of life in only one word.?
Who would win in a fight Marvel vs DC?	Who would win an all out war between Marvel and DC?
What are your views on Donald Trump winning the USA elections 2016?	What is your reaction to Donald Trump winning the 2016 US presidential election?
How can I make money with YouTube videos?	How can I make money via YouTube?
Do you believe that Christopher Columbus was a Jew?	Did you know that Columbus might have been a Jew?
I could easily ejaculate by lying face down and placing my penis between my testicles while thinking of erotic things does it reduce my sperm count?	I could easily ejaculate by lying face down and placing my penis between my testicles while thinking of erotic things. Does it reduce my sperm count?
Is tarzan real?	Tarzan is a myth or real?
What is the best way to memorize anything faster?	What are the best ways to memorize things?
Which is the best earphone under 1000 bucks?	Which is the best earphone with deep bass under 1000?
Are any startups in Bangalore hiring?	Are there any startups hiring in Bangalore?
What is the most interesting question you've been asked in an interview?	What were the best questions asked in an interview?
What are good topics for an architecture graduation thesis?	What are the best ideas or concepts for architecture thesis?
Why is incest bad?	Is incest immoral? Why?
What are the job prospects of civil engineers in Australia?	What are the civil engineering job prospects in Australia?
What kinds of advantages do AESA radar provide over PESA radar?	Why is AESA radar better than PESA radar?
How do I make my mind positive?	How can I make my mind positive?
What are the problems faced by the people of sikkim?	What are some of the problems faced by people living in Sikkim?
How do I spend my weekend in Bengaluru?	What is a good way to spend a long weekend in and around Bangalore?
What are the best books on algorithms for a beginner?	What are the best books on algorithms and data structures?
Have you ever caught your parents having sex? What did you do?	Have you caught your parents having sex or cheating?
What should one do to increase confidence?	How can I increase my confidence?
What is it like to do DMT?	What's it like smoking DMT?
What is the reason behind the resignation of Tata Sons (Tata Group) chairman Cyrus Mistry?	Why has the Tata Sons Board voted to remove Cyrus Mistry as chairman?
How do I stop my American Staffy/Kelpie mix from biting my stuff?	How can you stop your Rottweiler/Boxer mix from biting all your stuff?
How do I speak English fluently at an interview?	How do I speak fluent English with confidence?
Is this true that Rs 2000 note in India are embedded with NGC chips?	Is it true that the new 2000 rupees notes have a GPS chips?
Why has the FBI reopened Hillary Clinton's email investigaton so close to the presidential vote?	FBI to Re-Open Investigation Into Hillary Clinton's Email Server. Why?
What is the main reason of global warming?	What are factors that stimulate global warming? How can they be fought?
Which is best company for fresher?	What are best companies for freshers?
What is the origin of bullfighting? When is the bullfighting season?	What is the origin of bullfighting?
Which aircraft was superior - the Douglas DC8 or the Boeing 707?	Was the Douglas DC8 a superior aircraft to the Boeing 707?
What is the best way to start writing my first book?	How would you suggest a way to start writing a book?
What next after India's surgical strike?	What will be the consequences of India's surgical strike?
Why was my question marked as "needs improvement?"	All of my questions are marked "needs improvement." Why?
Which is your absolute favorite quote?	What is your favourite Quote?
Which is the best romantic movie?	What is the best romantic movie of all time?
Do you think long distance relationships are a good idea?	Is starting a long distance relationship a good idea?
What is the most embarrassing thing you did as a kid?	What is the most embarrassing moment of your childhood?
What skills are needed to become a film critic?	How do I get a job as a film and TV critic?
What are some songs with extraordinary lyrics?	What are some songs with great lyrics?
What should I use to make my hair grow?	How can I make my hair grow?
What is true meaning of jihad?	What do we mean by jihad?
What are the disadvantages of the internet?	What are the benefits provided by Internet?
What would happen to the internet if we lost net neutrality?	Would the internet be destroyed if we list net neutrality?
What is the best wats up status?	Some best WhatsApp status?
What is the best laptop in 50000 in India?	What could be the best laptop in budget upto 50k?
I have a picture of Arabic text. Can anyone translate this to English?	I have a picture of Arabic text. Who can translate this to English?
What are the sexiest pics to you?	What are some of the most sexiest pics ever?
How can I specifically improve my English?	How can learn English?
Why did Indian government stopped making 1000 rupee note and started making 2000 instead?	Why do you think Indian government has demolished RS 500 and RS 1000 notes?
What's true love?	What is real meaning of love?
How important should sex be in a relationship?	Why sex is so important in a relationship?
Which book is the best book for algorithm and datastructure?	What are the best algorithm books for beginners?
What are the differences between Chinese and Western wedding?	What is the different between Chinese wedding ceremony and western wedding ceremony?
Will the Chinese communist party collapse?	In how many years will the Chinese communist party collapse?
Why doesn't India stop importing goods from China?	Should India ban all Chinese goods or anything which is made in China?
How much does the reputation of a news source really matter?	How much do you think the reputation of a news source really matters?
Do atheist believe in ghosts?	Do atheist believe in ghost or not?
What factors decide who you follow on Quora?	What do you consider when you follow someone on Quora?
Why is weed considered a depressant?	Is marijuana considered a real depressant?
How can I get a list of all my Gmail accounts or recover them?	How do I get a list of my gmail accounts?
How can I help animals in my city?	How do you help animals?
How will the ban on Rs 500 and 1000 notes impact the Indian economy?	What are your views on India banning 500 and 1000 notes? In what way it will affect Indian economy?
How does it feel like to be gay in India?	What's it like to be gay in India?
How can we make money from YouTube?	How do I make money from a YouTube channel?
Why do men feel tired after ejaculation?	Why are men sleepy after sex?
How do I add topics to a question on Quora?	How do I add topics?
What the best way to improve English?	What is the best way to improve my spoken English soon?
What would it feel like to have terminal cancer?	What is it like to have terminal cancer?
How do you bleach white Vans?	Can you bleach white Vans?
Is China High-Tech Fair in Shenzhen one of the most important technology fairs in China?	Is China High-Tech Fair in Shenzhen the most important technology fair in China?
What is the most bizarre job interview you have ever been party to?	What is the most bizarre/interesting job interview experience you have had?
What was the weirdest date you ever experienced?	What is the weirdest date you have been on?
How do I delete my Zoosk account?	How do you remove a Zoosk account?
What are the top programming languages to learn?	What's a good and easy programming language to learn?
Endoscopy and colonscopy both are normal. Means stool culture for typhoid must be normal?	Endoscopy and colonscopy both are normal. Means stool culture for typhoid will also be normal?
How do I recover a deleted email on Gmail?	How do I recover my Gmail email addresses?
Why was the show "How to be a Gentleman" cancelled?	Why did the show "How to be a Gentleman" get cancelled?
How do I overcome depression?	What should i do to overcome depression ?
What do you think of the new iPhone7 Airpods?	What do you think of Apple's airpods?
How to read minds like mentalist?	How do you read someone's mind?
What are some examples of nationality?	What are some examples of nationalities?
What single sentence changed your life?	Which one single sentence (or more sentences) has/have changed your life the most?
Why don’t the electrons fall into the nucleus?	Why don't electrons crash into the nucleus?
How can I cope with fear of flying?	How can overcome the fear flying?
What are some good horror stories?	Which are the best horror stories?
How important is sex in a successful relationship?	Is sex necessary in a relationship?
What is your competitive advantage?	What's your competitive advantage?
How can you enlarge your penis?	What is the best way to enlarge my penis?
Can we expect time travel to become a reality?	Will time travel be possible in future?
How can I speak English more fluently?	How do I speak English fluently in half a year?
How can I overcome sadness after a breakup?	How do I overcome depression after breakup?
Did Quora change its font?	What's with this new Quora font?
Do you believe in extra terrestrial life?	Do you believe in extra terrestrials’ existence?
What are the best places to visit in Kerala?	What are some good places to visit in Kerala on tour?
What is the secret to living 100 years?	How should one go about living to 100 years old?
How much does it cost to build an Android app in India?	How much will it cost to build an Android app in India?
What does mah mean on mobile battery?	What is the meaning of unit mAh which we use to measure mobile batteries?
How can I lose 4kg weight?	What are the best ways to lose weight? What is the best diet plan?
How did India become a superpower?	How can India become a superpower?
How imminent is world war III?	Is a third world war coming?
How do I bake a cake in a microwave oven?	How do we bake cake in microwave oven?
What are some of the good animation movies?	What are some best animated movies?
How do microwave ovens work?	How does a microwave oven work?
Is it healthy to eat egg whites every day?	Is it healthy to eat instant white oats every day?
How do you get over the fear of exams?	How do I get over exam fear?
Did Ravana really have 10 heads?	Did Ravana really have ten heads?
What are some of the best dialogues in Bollywood movies of all time?	Which do you feel is the best dialogue ever in the Bollywood history?
What are normal human flaws?	What are flaws in human nature?
What should I do if my boyfriend is secretly dateing my best friend?	What should I do if my boyfriend is secretly dating my best friend?
What major challenges does India face in implementing a Uniform Civil Code for all religions?	What are some major changes expected in India should there be uniform civil code brought in?
Why do some people on QUORA ask questions that they can easily findout on Google?	Why do people use Quora when we already have google?
What is the best approach to become better at C++?	What is the best way to start learning c++?
What is the biggest achievement of your life?	What is your biggest achievement in life?
How should I learn software development?	How do I learn to be a developer?
What does sex feel for a man?	What does intercourse feel like to men?
Will Yahoo Mail shut down following Verizon's acquisition?	What will Verizon do with Yahoo Mail after the acquisition?
Have you ever slapped your teacher?	Have you ever slapped your teacher if he/she has truly misbehaved with you?
What lesson can we learn from each character of Game of Thrones?	What life lessons can you learn from Game of Thrones?
How do I write a good comparison essay?	How do I write a compare and contrast essay?
What is the best way to make a good coffee?	How can I learn to make good coffee at home?
Why do people bullies bully?	Why do bullies bully?
What is the best way to buy a used Porsche 911?	What are the best websites to buy a Porsche 911 from?
How can I choose to make the right decision?	How do I make right decisions?
Who is the best chief minister in India now?	Who is the best chief minister of any state of India till date and why?
Which is the best quickbooks auto data recovery support number?	Which is the best QuickBooks Tech Support Number in North Dakota?
How do I find if a guy is interested in you?	How can you tell a if guy likes you?
Why do we need coordinate systems other than the rectangular coordinate system?	Why do we need coordinate systems other than rectangular coordinate system?
How do you add details to your question on this website?	How do I add question details on Quora?
How hard is medical school and getting into medical school?	How hard is it to get into med school?
How do I stop my puppy from chewing my shoes?	How do I stop my Yorkie/Corgi mix from chewing my shoes?
What is the main and most important difference between a passport book and a passport card?	What is the difference between a passport and a passport card?
Is it possible to view someone's private Instagram account?	How can I view a private Instagram?
How do I make $1000 extra dollars?	How can I make my first 1000 dollars?
How do you stop a Terrier/Border Collie mix from destroying your furniture?	How do you stop a Terrier/Border Collie mix from humping your furniture?
Where can you get a tooth pulled for free?	How can I get a free tooth pulling?
What is the best way to access the deep web?	How can someone access the deep web?
How do you reduce cortisol without medication?	What is the best way to reduce your cortisol levels?
Can you still get pregnant one day before menstruation?	Can I get pregnant a week after my cycle?
How and why we dream within a dream?	Can you really have a dream within a dream?
What is your resolution for this year 2017?	What can be my new year resolution for 2017?
How can we we increase confidence?	How can we increase confidence?
What can I do to lose 30 pounds in 2 months?	How can I lose 30 pounds in 2 months?
Why do all my true friends say that I get bullied because people are jealous of me?	Why do people say "Bullies are jealous of you"?
What does a Trump presidency mean for Indian students looking to pursue Master's degrees in USA?	How would it affect Indian students studying/working in the US if Trump becomes the President?
How do I find whether my girl friend is cheating on me?	How do I know my partner is cheating on me?
How is Donald Trump a better choice than Hillary Clinton?	Which presidential candidate is better: Trump or Clinton?
How can I learn math from zero?	How does one learn math from the very beginning?
What are some great suggestions to gift my girlfriend for her birthday?	What I should gift to my girlfriend on her birthday?
Where did the potential energy of the big bang come from?	Where did the energy come from to ignite the Big Bang?
How do I find whether my girl friend is cheating on me?	How may I know whether my wife is cheating on me?
Is it a good time to buy a house in London?	Is it right time to buy house in london?
What will happen to Indo-US relations if Hillary Clinton becomes US President?	How would Indo-US relations be affected if Donald Trump/Hillary Clinton becomes President?
How do you stop coughing up mucus?	How can you stop coughing mucus?
What does Shuster Hall mean?	What does Shuster Hall means?
Why is Saltwater taffy candy imported in Czech Republic?	Why is Saltwater taffy candy imported in Mongolia?
English (language): What is the purpose of using silent letters in words, such as "psycho"?	Why are silent letters used in some words of English language?
Why is Saltwater taffy candy imported in The Bahamas?	Why is Saltwater taffy candy imported in Czech Republic?
How did you recover from bulimia?	How could people get better or recover from bulimia/bulimia nervosa?
What is the colour of jealousy?	What is the color of jealousy?
How does demonetisation benefit India?	What may be the major benefits on account of currency demonetisation in India?
What are some good books on Quantum Field Theory for advanced undergraduates?	What books on Quantum Field theory are suitable for advanced undergraduates?
How can we make this world a better place to live?	What are some ways to make the world a better place and how can we all contribute to that?
What are the advantages and benefits to multiculturalism?	What is multiculturalism? What are the advantages and disadvantages?
What is the best decision you made in your life?	What has been the best decision you have made in life?
What is the correct procedure to replace a battery in a Fossil watch?	How do you replace a Fossil watch battery?
What do you want from life?	What is it that you want from your life?
What are some common reasons why your IPod will not turn on?	Why is my iPod Touch not turning on?
What would happen if the earth suddenly started to spin faster than usual?	What would happen if Earth suddenly starts rotating faster or slower or stops rotating?
Who is most cutest Actress in bollywood?	Who is the cutest actress in the Bollywood?
How many wives did lord Krishna had?	Marriage: How many wives did Krishna have?
How important should sex be in a relationship?	Is sex important for relationships?
What is the difference between Windows laptops & MacBooks?	What is the difference between a Mac and windows laptops?
How do I solve the magic cube?	How do you solve a Rubik's Cube?
Why is there a need for god?	Does man need a God?
How can I clean urine out of a mattress?	What is the best way to clean urine out of a mattress?
Which is the most used programming language in the world currently?	Which is the most used and most popular computer programming language in every field?
How can I use one WhatsApp account on two devices?	How can I use my WhatsApp account on two different devices?
What are the safety precautions on handling shotguns proposed by the NRA in the entire U.S. including it’s territories and possessions? 2	What are the safety precautions on handling firearms proposed by the NRA in the entire U.S. including it’s territories and possessions?
How it will the latest change in the denominations of Rs. 500 and 1000 affect the economy?	Will scraping 500 and 1000 rupees change anything in reality?
What are some good photography websites?	Beautiful photography websites?
How did RBI know that Urjit Patel would be RBI governor 6 months before and start printing the 2000 rupee notes with his signature on them?	Why does the new 2000 rupee note has a signature of Urjit Patel instead of Raghuram Rajan?
Shaving: Which is the best electric shaver? Why?	Which is the worlds best electric shaver?
What does interaction of electromagnetic forces mean when two objects touch?	What happens during the interaction of electromagnetic forces when two objects touch?
What is the basic difference between cv and resume?	What is the difference between a CV nd a resume?
Are we heading towards another civil war?	Is the United States headed towards a civil war?
What happens when the earth rotates to the opposite direction?	What would happen if Earth started to rotate in the opposite direction?
Who can see my photos on Instagram?	Who all can see my photos on Instagram?
So how can I get meth to be flush out of body in 2 hours before a urine drug test?	What's the best method to get meth out of your system?
Is Chicago in danger of becoming the next Detroit?	Is Chicago in danger of becoming Detroit?
What is a good mobile automation testing tool which is freely available?	What is the best tool for automation testing right now (in terms of job requirements)?
How is a zero gravity environment created for astronaut training on earth?	Robert Frost: How do astronauts practise working in zero gravity on Earth?
Are escrow services available in India?	Which are the online escrow service providers in India?
Who are a few underrated Bollywood actresses?	Who is the most underrated Bollywood actors?
Is IMS Noida a good institute for BBA?	How good is ims noida for bba?
What is a collective noun?	What are collective nouns? What are some examples?
What are the few things that make Indians happy?	What are the things that make Indians Happy?
How can you loose weight without going on a diet and exercising?	How can I lose weight without a diet plan or exercising?
What are some examples of technology developed in Ancient Rome?	What are some inventions that were made in Ancient Rome?
How can I overcome my porn addiction?	What is the best way to overcome porn and masturbation addiction?
What does it feel like to have a miscarriage?	What is it like to have a miscarriage?
How do I add an image to a question on Quora?	Can I add images to my questions on Quora?
What are the best benefits to government after 500 and 1000 rs note ban?	Why Indian government abruptly announced the demonetization of 500 and 1000 rupees currency?
Which Asian country would you recommend me to teach Spanish?	Which Asian country would you recommend to teach Spanish?
How do I get Organic traffic for my blog site?	How can one increase organic traffic on my website?
Can Donald Trump win?	Could Trump win?
Is "The Tale of Princess Kaguya" movie considered a Magical Girl?	Is "The Tale of Princess Kaguya" considered a Magical girl movie?
What do you like about being an attorney?	Why do you love being a lawyer?
How old is too old for med school? Or law school?	Is 33 too old to start medical school?
How do I become smart and clever?	How can I become clever and smart?
How was your KVPY sa 2016?	How was KVPY SA 2016?
After the U.S. dropped a nuclear bomb on Japan why didn't Japan fight back?	When Japan got hit with the atomic bomb why didn't they fight back?
What do Japanese think of Donald Trump as a leader?	What do the Japanese think of Donald Trump?
How do I infect mice with cancer?	How do scientists infect mice with cancer?
What and how do I prepare for the NTSE exam?	How should I prepare for my NTSE exam?
What programming language is the most used to make video games? Which is the best?	Which is the best programming language for gaming?
Does Benadryl cause high blood pressure? Why or why not?	Can Benadryl cause high blood pressure? How can this be prevented?
How are chocolate chip cookies affected without the addition of vanilla extract?	How can you make chocolate chip cookies without using vanilla extract?
What are your opinions about Suicide Squad (2016 movie)?	Can you write a review on Suicide Squad for me?
What is Cash less transitions?	What is cash less transitions ?
How can I recover my hacked Instagram account having 6k+ followers?	How can I get my hacked Instagram account?
Is Forex trading legal in India?	Forex trading from India is legal?
How do I remove pimples?	What should I do to remove pimples from face?
What are the chances of ww3?	How near is the WW3?
What should be strategy for CAT 2017?	What are best ways to prepare for cat 2017?
What are the major differences between 3G and 4G services?	What is the difference between 2G and 3G mobile networks?
Why do we have to come out of the car while filling CNG?	Why should we vacate vehicles while filling C.N.G.?
How likely is Scottish independence after Brexit?	How likely is a Scottish exit from United Kingdom after Brexit?
Should you treat people fairly?	Why should you treat people fairly?
Which are some of the best romantic movies?	What are the best romantic movies?
How can I forget someone whom I loved so deeply?	How do I forget someone I was deeply in love?
Can height be increased after age 21?	How girls can increase their height after 18 years?
What are crop circles? Who created them?	What are crop circles?
How do we make money online?	How could I make money online?
How do I log in my Facebook account if you forgot your password?	I forgot my email Id and password on Facebook. How can I log into Facebook?
How can I get a girl's trust?	What is the best way to win a girl's trust?
How do hack into my instagram account when I forget my paasword?	How do I hack into my Instagram account?
What do you think about Hitler? Was he good or bad person?	Was Hitler a good person?
What is your best photoshopped picture?	What is your best photoshoped picture?
How can you deal with verbal abuse from a mother?	How do you deal with a verbally abusive mother?
Where can I get a cheap football jersey online?	Where can I get cheap football replica jerseys (full sleeve) in pune?
What can I do to get my penis to grow?	How can I increse my penis size?
What are some of the best mobile phones gadgets?	What are some of the best phones tools and gadgets?
What is an example of media convergence?	What is media convergence? What are some examples?
How should I prepare for BITSAT 2018?	How do I prepare for BITSAT 2018?
How do I turn off screen overlay for Android?	How do I turn off screen overlay in Android?
What is the best hilarious joke you have ever heard?	What are the funniest jokes / stories you ever heard?
What should I do one day before an exam?	What is the best way to study one day before exam?
What should I do to earn money online?	What is the easiest way to earn money from online?
What are the top 10 strongest military powers in the world?	What are the strongest military armies in the world?
What is rupee debt?	What are rupee debt bonds?
What is white hat SEO?	What is White Hat Seo. What are the major tasks for White Hat Seo?
How do you make chocolate chip cookies?	What are some good recipes for Chocolate Chip cookies?
What is the most painless and quick way to die?	What is the easiest and most painless suicide method?
What is the place of ethics in the concrete life situation of a modern or contemporary men?	What is the place of moral philosophy in the concrete life situation of a modern or contemporary men?
What are the government law college in West Bengal?	What are the govern law college in West Bengal?
Which are some of the best pictures ever taken?	What are some of the best pictures taken?
How can you hack into somebody's Gmail account?	What is the simplest method to hack someone's Gmail account?
What shall I do when everything seems to be going wrong in my life?	What should people do when everything appears to be going wrong in their lives?
How do I earn money online?	How can I earn money online easily?
Can non US citizens receive social security benefits?	Can a non US citizen get social security?
What is a biomass?	What is exactly a biomass?
Why do women nag?	Why do women nag? Is it biological or sociological?
What are the perks of being an IAS officer? What are the job pressures? How much do they earn?	What are some unofficial perks of being an IAS/IPS officer?
Which are the best Bollywood movies to watch?	What are some good Bollywood movies to watch?
How do I prove ties to the home country if I am not working nor studying?	How can you prove you have ties in your home country when applying for a B1/B2 visa?
Will Oracle DBA have a scope in the future?	What is the future scope of Oracle DBA?
How do I become business analyst?	How can I became a business analyst?
Is it true that the new Rs. 2000 currency notes in India will have a nano GPS chip?	Do the new ₹2000 notes really have GPS chips or something similar?
How can I slowly lose weight?	How do I suck it up and lose weight?
Which is the best book on Mahabharata?	What is the best Mahabharata book for reading?
Is Manaphy from "Pokemon Ranger and The Temple of The Sea" considered a whore?	In "Pokemon Ranger and The Temple of The Sea", Why is Manaphy a whore?
What are some part time jobs which can be done from home?	What are part time jobs that can work from home?
How can I contact Instagram regarding my hacked account?	How do I contact Instagram customer support?
How do I lose weight as a teen?	How can I lose weight if I am a teen?
What are the fundamental truths of life?	What is the biggest truth of life?
What is funniest joke you've ever heard?	What's the funniest highbrow joke you've ever heard?
Why did Donald Trump win the election?	How did Donald Trump got elected when there are so many people against him?
I'm 18. How can I make money online?	What is make money online?
What happened in the Vietnam War and how did South Vietnam lose?	Why did South Vietnam lose the Vietnamese war?
How do I improve my speaking?	How do you improve speaking skills in public?
Which is the most powerful dog breed?	What is the most powerful dog?
Why is wine a good example in moral philosophy?	Why is Wine a good example in moral phylosophy?
Will Apple ever collapse?	Will Apple ever go out of business?
How do I overcome the feeling of missing someone?	How do you overcome the feeling of missing someone badly who means alot to you?
Why doesn’t anybody answer my questions on Quora?	Why do all of my questions get ignored on Quora?
How much does it cost to complete a civil engineering master's program in the US?	What will be the cost for doing master degree in civil engineering in america?
What is the top mineral water face mist?	What is the best mineral water spray or face mist?
How did Suicide Squad get greenlit? What's the backstory of how the movie got made?	How did Suicide Squad (2016 movie) get greenlit? What's the backstory of how the movie got made?
How do we know our calculation of the value of pi is correct to as many digits as we've calculated it to?	How do you know how many digits are correct when computing pi?
How can I send an email with Gmail using python?	Is it possible to use Gmail to send email inside a python script?
What's the best way to react when someone tells you they support Donald Trump?	What is the best thing to say when someone tells you they are a Trump supporter?
Would Trump be smart to issue a pardon to Edward Snowden?	What is Trump's take on Edward Snowden?
How do I regain the privilege of asking anonymous questions on Quora?	How do I earn my anonymous privilege back?
What are the best ways to think of ideas for a startup?	What are some of the best tools available in the market for brainstorming new ideas for a new startup?
How do you describe a smell?	How will you describe a smell to a person?
Is it likely Apple will make a force touch Magic Trackpad and a Magic Keyboard with the new Touch bar for iMac?	Is Apple going to create a Touch Bar external keyboard?
What are some mind-blowing facts about Indian Folk-tribes?	What are some mind-blowing facts about Indian Folk-people?
What will be Hillary Clinton's India policy if she wins the election?	What would be Hillary Clinton's foreign policy towards India if elected as the President of United States?
What are the top torrent sites?	Which are the best Torrent sites?
What is the best Quickbooks technical support number?	Which is the best QuickBooks Hosting Support Number in New York?
How can some people still believe the world is flat?	Why do some people still believe that the earth is flat?
How do tides occur in the sea? What are the causes that raise the water?	How often do tides occur? What causes it?
What are the nutritional values of hard boiled eggs?	How can you estimate the nutritional value of hard-boiled eggs?
What's the easiest way to learn chinese?	I want learn Chinese?
What's the most important lesson about life?	What is the most important lesson you have learned from life?
What should I do if I forgot my iCloud email and password?	What should you do if you can't remember your iCloud password?
How can I stop worrying about what other people think?	How do I stop worrying about future?
What is your favorite television character (with the series name)?	Who is your favorite character on TV?
Can you have strep throat without tonsils? Why or why not?	How can you still get strep without having tonsils?
Does the Quran 8:70 imply that Muhammad had captives? How is this possible for the last peophet (for muslims)?	Does the Quran 8:70 imply that Muhammad had captives? How is this possible from the most perfect example for humanity (for Muslims)?
Which iPhone should I get my 12.5 year old girl?	My 12 year old daughter wants an iPhone but I don't know which one I should get. What should I get her?
What are the most anticipated movies of 2017?	What are the most eagerly awaited Hollywood movies of 2017?
What career choice do I have after completing a B.Tech in mechanical engineering if I am interested in space research?	What are some of the top paying career options after doing a B.Tech in mechanical engineering?
What are medium format cameras?	What is a medium format camera?
How do you improve your writing skills?	How do I continue to improve my writing?
What will happen if India and Pakistan gets into war and who will win?	What would happen if Pakistan goes to war against India?
Which laptop is best under 25000?	Which laptop is better for a enginnering student under Rs.25000?
What's your New Year resolutions for 2017 and what will you do to accomplish your goal?	What is your New Year's resolutions for 2017?
Can cancer be cured at this point?	Can cancer be cured?
What does a consultant do?	What do consultants do?
How can you stop your Beagle Australian Shepherd mix puppies from biting your shoes?	How can I stop my dog from chewing my shoes?
Will dogs one day be able to talk?	Could dogs learn to talk English one day?
What are the best Led Zeppelin live performances?	What are the best live performances by Led Zeppelin which had improvisations?
Which was the best film of 2016?	What movie is the best movie of 2016?
How can I get rid of my acne caused by stress?	How can I get rid of my acne?
What are the top 5 emotional movies?	What are the best emotional movies?
Who is the hottest pornstar?	Who is the hottest pornstar of all time?
Who is your favorite living movie director?	Who is your favorite current movie director?
Is a morning gym workout better than an evening gym workout?	Is it better to hit the gym in the morning or evening?
How can I hack someone's phone number?	Can hackers hack your phone with only your phone number?
Prouve me the moon landing is true..	Is man landing on the moon true?
What kind of visa should I apply for an internship in Singapore for 6 months duration?	What kind of visa should I apply for an internship in Singapore for 6 months stay?
What are the top engineering colleges of Madhya Pradesh?	What are the top engineering college in Madhya pradesh except IIT?
What is BEST gaming laptops under 60000 in 2016?	Which is the best laptop under Rs 60000 for gaming in India?
How did Donald Trump win the presidency?	Why did America vote for Donald Trump as President in the 2016 Elections?
Why is 2000 rupee note introduced and the 1000 rupee note is scraped? Why can't 1000 note also be changed to new ones like the 500?	What's new about the new 2000 rupee note that will help curb black money?
How do you determine the factors of a number?	How can you determine the factors of a number?
How does a vaccine or immunization work?	How does vaccination work?
Is it possible to self teach yourself to sing?	Can you teach yourself how to sing?
What will be impact of 500 / 1000 notes ban on real estate?	What will be the impact of scrapping of ₹500 and ₹1000 rupee notes on the real estate market?
Will Apple ever make iCar?	Will Apple make an electric car?
What would be the consequences if Donald Trump became president?	Donald trump: what could happen if Donald Trump becomes president?
How do I hack or spy on someone's WhatsApp conversation?	Where do I start if I want to hack someone's WhatsApp conversations?
Where is the best place to buy a washing machine online?	Which online electronics is best to buy automatic washing machine?
Can I order Yuengling beer online?	Can you buy Yuengling beer online?
What are the best stories about people randomly meeting Warren Buffett?	Did you ever randomly meet Warren Buffett?
How do I recover my Gmail password?	How do I recover my Gmail account when the recovery phone is no longer in service and forget my old password?
What is the best programming language to develop a desktop application?	Which is the best programming language to develop desktop application?
What is the difference between phase voltage and line voltage on a 3 phase transmission line?	What is the difference between phase and line voltage?
How do I hack someones wifi network without them knowing I am using their wifi?	How do I can hack wifi?
What will be the effect of banning 500 and 1000 notes on stock markets in India?	What will be the effect on share market after the banning of 500 and 1000 notes?
Which is freelancer.com business model?	What is freelancer.com business model?
How do I hire a legit hacker?	How do I contact a hacker?
What are your favorite books?	What are you favorite book?
Why is India still a developing country when other colonized countries like China and Japan are better developed than India?	Why india still known as a developing country?
How can I talk to God?	How can we talk to god?
If money brings happiness then why the richest persons are still not happy?	If money brings happiness then why the richest persons are still not leading a happy life?
How can I overcome the feeling of rejection?	How do I overcome pain of rejection?
What is purpose of life?	What the purpose of life on earth?
I'm a mechanical engineering student. What skills should I possess after completing my B.Tech?	What are all the available options for government jobs after completing B.Tech in mechanical engineering?
Why do people believe the earth is flat when clearly earth is round from space?	Why there are people who still believe that earth is flat?
Is Spotify not available in India?	Why hasn't Daniel Ek brought Spotify to India?
Is the tech industry a bubble? When will it pop?	Is the tech industry currently in a bubble?
Who was the first black president of America?	Who was the first black American president?
What are the safety precautions on handling shotguns proposed by the NRA in Alaska?	What are the safety precautions on handling shotguns proposed by the NRA in Pennsylvania?
What is your review of Raipur Institute Of Technology?	What is the review of raipur institute of technology?
How can I ask a beautiful girl in my class out?	How do I ask out a girl in my math class?
How much charitable giving is tax deductible?	How much in charitable donations is tax deductible in the US?
Why is Manaphy angsty throughout in Pokemon Ranger and the Temple of the Sea?	Why is Manaphy bipolar in Pokémon ranger and the Temple of the sea?
What are the most interesting fashion styles?	What are the top fashion styles?
What is the difference between pretty and beautiful?	What is difference between beautiful & pretty?
Do I need strong maths for competitive programming?	Do I need to be good in math to do competitive programming?
How do you factory reset a Dell computer?	How do I restore my Dell computer to factory settings?
Which is the best online doctor service?	What's the best way to ask a Doctor a question online?
What is the best way to stretch out jeans?	How do you stretch out jeans?
How can a boy know if a girl likes him or not?	How should I know if this girl likes me or not?
How do I get out of loneliness?	How does one get over loneliness?
What are the differences between Chinese and western cultures?	What are the major differences between Chinese and Western culture?
What are the theories about the mystery of the Bermuda triangle?	What is the truth behind the Bermuda Triangle?
How can I gain more followers on Quora?	How do you get more followers on Quora?
What are the best web development companies in Noida?	Which companies offers best web development and web designing services?
What is the best way to get Gems and Coins in Hungry Shark World?	Where can I get Gems and Coins without paying in Hungry Shark World?
Why can't I post or answer questions on Quora?	Why can't I answer Questions or comment on Quora?
What are the questions asked during interview in campus placements?	What are the questions asked during the placement interviews?
What TV series do you watch and why?	Are there any must watch TV shows?
What will be Hillary Clinton's foreign policy towards India if she comes into power in 2016?	What will be Hillary Clinton's India policy if she wins the election?
Which is the best BAMS colleges in UP?	Which is the best college for BAMS in UP?
What is the most important thing you want to do before you die?	What are some good things to do before you die?
(In electrics) what is resonance?	What is electrical resonance?
What or how is an IQ measured?	How should IQ be calculated?
What is the process to get into a good TU university in Germany for masters in CS and study cost along with part time job?	What is the process to get into a good TU university in Germany for masters in CS and study cost along with part time job.?
Noam Chomsky: Is Edward Snowden a hero?	Is Edward Snowden a hero or a villain? Why?
Does Hillary Clinton still have a chance at winning the presidency?	How certain are you that Hillary Clinton will win the 2016 election?
What is the funniest joke you ever heard?	What are the funniest jokes / stories you ever heard?
Why does Quora do this "marked as needing improvement?	Quora keeps saying that my question was "marked as needing improvement". What does this mean and how can I fix it?
What would happen if forged ₹2000 note starts circulating?	What would happen if ₹2000 forged?
What would happen if humans were immortal?	What would've happened if humans were immortal?
Should people over 95 not be allowed to vote?	Should people over 98 not be allowed to vote?
How do I recover a deleted email on Gmail?	Is it possible to recover an email deleted from the Gmail trash folder?
How do Taekwondo and Karate compare to each other?	How do Taekwondo and Karate differ from each other?
How do I prepare if I have to study abroad?	How should I prepare to study abroad?
What are some of the oldest known jokes?	What are some of the oldest recorded jokes?
How can I increase traffic very soon on my blog?	How can I increase the traffic on a site?
What places in the world are like 70's/80's New York or Chicago?	What places in the world look like 1970s/80s New York/Chicago?
What is it like being cool?	What does being cool mean?
What is the best way to get rid of bad habits?	How can I get rid of my bad habits?
Why are there still people who believe the world is flat?	Why do some people still believe that the earth is flat?
What is the safest way to delete my Yahoo account?	How can you terminate your Yahoo e-mail account?
How can I get contact with Google recruiters to get interviewed?	What's the best way to contact a Google recruiter?
What is the Golden Number?	More or less megapixels…what is the golden number?
What is the worst thing that happened to you for being nice?	What is the worst thing ever happened to you for being nice?
What stocks are the best to invest in right now?	What are good stocks to invest in right now?
How much percentage of the brain do we use?	How much of our brain do we use?
How dangerous is swine flu?	How dangerous is the swine flu?
What are the consequences if my dog swallowed gum?	What are the risks of a dog swallowing gum?
What is the salary of a professor in India?	What is the salary of professors in india?
What’s the funniest thing you have seen your dog do?	What is the funniest thing your dog has done?
What would happen if a asteroid the size of Vesta crashed into earth?	What would happen if a very large asteroid like the size of Ceres or Vesta had an onward collision with Earth?
How do you combat overthinking?	How do you avoid overthinking?
What are the best way to learn hacking?	What is the best way to learn how to hack (whitehat)?
What meals do Jewish families eat?	What daily meals do Jewish families eat?
How do I learn cloud computing free online?	What are free online sources to learn cloud computing?
Are you honest to yourself?	Are you always honest with yourself?
What are breast enhancement pills? Do they work?	What are your experiences with breast enhancement pills? Do they work?
Will political correctness kill America?	Will Americans' political correctness destroy this country?
What are the lies that most of us still believe to be true?	What do most people believe that isn’t true?
Why does the Easter bunny carry eggs?	Why does the Easter bunny give away chocolate eggs?
Is Pakistan helping Isis?	Why does Pakistan help ISIS?
What is the different between dutch and German language?	How different are the Dutch and German languages?
How can I make an atom bomb?	How do I make an atomic bomb?
Why do American culture and French culture differ?	How is American culture different from that of the French?
Is it possible to get pregnant if a couple is trying just 4 days before her menstrual cycle?	Can a woman get pregnant three days into her cycle?
What is ego? Can it be positive?	What is the ego?
What are the four main political parties in Canada? What purpose do they serve?	What are the 5 main political parties in Canada?
Where and how do the crop circles get generated?	Where do crop circles come from? What do you think they represent? Who do you think is doing it?
How do I apply for a PAN card online?	How do I apply and receive pan card in 48 hours with new facilities?
How hot is lava?	How hot is lava exactly?
How many days should I be on diet to loose my belly fat and get six pack abs?	How do I reduce fat around belly and build 6/8 pack abs?
Can computers have the ability to think creatively?	Can computers be creative?
Indian Oil Corporation Limited (IOCL): What is it like to work for a PSU in India?	What is it like to work at Indian Oil Corporation Ltd?
Where is the proof of alien life?	What is some of proof collected over the years that indicates the existence of aliens or extraterrestrial life?
Is it possible to hack or intercept communication signals to and fro from satellites?	It is possible to hack a satellite?
How can I learn all the thing and be knowledge?	How does one learn to like things?
What are the creepiest dreams you ever had?	Which is the weirdest dream you’ve ever had?
Is it better to sleep with or without a pillow?	Is sleeping on a pillow better than sleeping without a pillow?
What do you think about India's surgical strikes on Pakistan?	What you think about recent India's surgical strike in Pakistan?
What is the easiest way to earn money using internet?	What is the easiest way to make a little money online?
How do I apply machine learning in business?	How do I apply machine learning to business?
What do you mean by universe?	What is the meaning of the universe?
Which is the best problem book in quantum field theory?	What is the best book to learn quantum field theory on your own?
What programming languages are best to learn?	What is the best programming language for learning programming from scratch?
What is RCEP?	What is the RCEP?
What would be your New Year resolutions for 2017?	What is your new year resolution?
How did you react to the recent alligator attack at Walt Disney World?	What do you think of alligators at Walt Disney World?
Which is the easiest optional subject for IAS mains?	Which is the easiest optional subject for the IAS Mains?
What is the difference between Chinese and western culture?	#What are the major differences between Chinese and western cultures?
What is it like to be diagnosed with ocd?	What does it feel like to have OCD?
Which course is needed to be taken in 11th CBSE to become an astrophysicist?	Which course should I select in 11th std CBSE to become an astrophysicist?
What is the best picture you took with your phone?	What is the most interesting picture you took from your phone?
What is the concept of entropy?	What is the physical meaning of Entropy?
Why sex is so important in a relationship?	How important is sex in relationship?
How should I earn money online working from home?	What is the easiest way to earn money using internet?
How do you get rid of a scab on the nose?	How do I remove a scab on my nose?
What is the evolutionary reason for oral sex?	What is the evolutionary purpose of oral sex?
Why has the Tata sons board voted to remove Cyrus Mistry as chairperson?	Why was cyrus mistry sacked?
How do foreigners view Australian culture?	What do foreigners think of Australia and Australian culture?
What is cloud computing?	What is cloud computing and its disadvantages?
What does it mean to have a dream about your best friend dying?	What does it mean when I dream my best friend dies?
Do Blairites have a future in the Labour Party?	Do Blairites and Blairism have a place in the future of the Labour Party?
Do running increase your height?	What do I do to increase my height?
What does it mean to be a contrarian?	What does it mean to you personally, to be "contrarian"?
What are the best free Online Resources for learning German?	What are the best online sites or apps with games for learning German?
Which is the best smartphone 2016?	Which is the best smartphone in 2016?
What is the worst advice you've ever been given?	What was the worst advice you have ever received?
How do I know if a girl likes me at school?	How will a boy know whether a girl likes him or not?
How do I learn the stock market?	What is the best way to learn about stock market?
What do Indians think about Winston Churchill?	What do Indians (of India) think of Winston Churchill?
What's the best way to drive traffic to a blog?	What are some of the best ways to promote your blog?
What do you mean by rave party?	What is a rave party?
What is environmental degradation? What causes it?	What are some of the causes of environmental degradation?
How do I lose 30 pounds?	How do I lose 20-30 kg?
What are your views on the decision of Narendra Modi to discontinue the use of 500 and 1000 currency notes?	What are your views on demonetization of 500 and 1000 rupee notes by the Modi Government?
When did passports come into existence?	How did Passports and Visas begin?
What are some rarely known facts of the roman empire?	What are some of the rarely known facts about the Roman Empire?
What is the least salary for a software engineer and a petroleum engineer?	What is the salary of a petroleum engineer?
Why is everything change in every person?	Why does everything change in every person?
How can I be emotionally stable?	How can one be emotionally stable?
Do astronomers' know where the center of the universe is?	Do we know in which direction the center of the universe lies?
What are the importance of mathematical induction?	What is the importance of mathematical induction?
Will Trump enlist European militias to go after the families of terrorists?	Will Trump form a coalition to go after the families of terrorists?
Why did Krishna offer Draupadi to Karna?	Why did Lord Shri Krishna offer Draupadi to Karna as a wife?
How will the ban on 500 and 1000 rupee note stop black money?	Will the ban on 500 & 1000 rupee notes really work against corruption?
What do you mean by business world?	What is business world?
"How do I get rid of acne and acne…?	How can I get rid of my acne caused by stress?
Is it weird to laugh at my own jokes?	Is it okay to laugh at your own jokes?
Is 319 a good score for GRE?	Is A score of 319 in GRE a good score?
What is the easiest way to do effective self hypnosis in 5 or less minutes?	What is the easiest way to perform self-hypnosis?
What are good monitors for a Macbook Pro with Retina Display?	What are the best external monitors for a MacBook Pro?
How can I make money online for job?	How do we make money online?
How can I fix HP hard disk error 303?	How can I fix HP hard disk error 303 - 305?
How do you make easy money online?	How can i make money online easily?
What is the proof that I should believe previous births?	What is the proof that I should believe in previous births?
What are the best programming languages to build a video game?	Which is the best programming language for gaming?
What will happen if PM Modi becomes dictator of India?	What would happen if Narendra Modi becomes dictator of India?
Does frequent masturbation affect sperm quality?	Can frequent masturbation (once in a day) for several months lower the sperm count?
Why were the 500 and 1000 rupee notes demonetized?	What is the logic behind scrapping of 500 and 1000 rupee notes by the Indian Government?
Where can I get very friendly assistance in property for sale across the Sydney?	Where can I get quality support to make a successful property transaction process in Sydney?
Who wrote the Qur'an?	Who wrote the Quran? Based on what was it written?
What are the best ways for passing time during boring lectures?	How do you pass your time during a mind-numbingly boring class?
How should I break up with my girlfriend? I am conflicted? 	How can I break up with my girlfriend?
What should be the recommended dosage of Apple Cider Vinegar for diabetic patients?	How can we use apple cider vinegar for diabetes?
Who named Africa?	Why is Africa called Africa?
What are metaphors? What are some examples?	What are some examples of metaphors?
How can I see a private account on Instagram?	How can I view a private Instagram?
Which programming language is in demand?	Which programming language will be in demand?
What is the difference between Ethernet and WiFi?	What are the differences between ethernet and wireless?
How does one increase their own intelligence?	What is the best way to increase your intelligence?
How can I track the exact location of any phone by using the phone number? Location (India)?	How do I track a criminal with is phone number?
It is possible to travel by time?	Will time travel be possible in the next 10 years?
Which are the best online courses on digital marketing in India?	Will digital marketing a good course to learn?
How can I increase traffic to a story blog?	How do I  increase traffic on my site?
Which are the best YouTube channels that should be subscribed?	Which are some of the best YouTube channels to subscribe for?
How does the most of the belly fat burning exercises really work behind the curtains?	What set of exercises will burn belly fat in a month?
What's the best cure for hiccups?	What is the best way to get rid of hiccups?
Why is Narendra Modi promoting Reliance Jio?	Why did Narendra Modi allow Reliance to publish his photo on their Jio ad?
What would have solved the Kashmir issue?	What do you think is the best solution for the Kashmir issue?
What are some of the best examples of the theory of relativity?	What are some interesting examples on theory of relativity?
What puts you in a good mood?	What do you think can put you in a good mood?
How should I prepare for a job interview?	How should I prepare for my first interview?
How abominable can an action be?	How abominabel can an action be?
How does Google's "No CAPTCHA reCAPTCHA" work?	How does Google's new NOCAPTCHA reCAPTCHA work?
What are the best programming languages to learn today?	In what order should I learn programming languages?
How can I make a girl go wet?	How can I make her wet?
Fitness: How do I reduce my body fat? See details.	How do I reduce body fat properly?
What are the features of an eCommerce software?	What are important features of ecommerce software?
Some people ask lengthy questions on Quora. Why won't Quora let me do this?	Why won't Quora let me add long questions?
How many ways are there to pronounce Quora?	What is the pronunciation of Quora?
What are the characteristics of the Elizabethan theater?	What are the characteristics of Elizabethan theater?
How do I invest in SIPS? Is it profitable?	How do I invest direct in SIPs?
Is it possible to use Jio in 3G phone?	Was anyone successful in using jio 4g sim in 3g phone?
What are the similar website to Quora?	Are there other websites like Quora?
Why do people on Quora ask silly questions about the facts which can be googled very easily?	Why do people ask questions here in Quora instead of just googling?
What is the best martial art to use for self-defense and other practical situations? Why?	Which martial art is best for self-defense? Who/where are the best people to learn it from?
I have forgotten my Facebook password and email password also?	How can I get back in my Facebook without a vaild email or password?
What is it like to be a mama's boy?	What is a mama's boy like?
How do you deal best with heartbreak?	How do I deal with a heartbreak?
What is the poem "Auguries of Innocence" about?	How do you understand the poem "Auguries of Innocence" by William Blake?
How much time would it take to learn guitar?	How much time did you take to learn guitar?
When/how did you realize were not straight?	When did you realize you were gay/lesbian/bi? How did it feel?
Why do TV networks compete?	Why do you think TV networks compete?
How do I earn money in India as a student?	How can a student in India earn money?
Why do I feel ugly?	Why do I feel so ugly?
What is the best way to apply for IT jobs?	What is a way to apply for an IT job?
What are the best ways to study more effectively?	How do you study effectively?
How do I prepare for SSC CGL at home/without coaching?	How do I crack the SSC CGL exam without coaching?
What is the origin of homosexuality?	Is there a scientific explanation for homosexuality?
What is it that we as Indians are collectively doing right?	What are the things that Indians are collectively doing in the right way?
How do I concentrate in study?	How do I concentrate on my studies?
How can I convert 15 mg to ml?	How do you convert mg dosage to ml?
Is South Korea a developed or developing nation?	Is South Korea an advanced nation as of 2016?
Battle Tactics: How does one set up an effective ambush?	How would you set up an ambush?
How can I increase my English fluency?	How can improve my English speaking?
Why do so many people ask questions on Quora that can be found in a Google search?	Why do some people use Quora when a dictionary or Google could be used instead?
How do I get funding from investors for my business idea?	How do I get funding for my startup idea before we have a prototype?
How are donuts made and what do I need to do some?	How are donuts made?
What are the best dubstep songs and why?	What are some of the best dubstep songs?
What is the capital of United Kingdom?	What is the capital of uk?
What are some great books to learn Korean?	What are some good books to learn Korean from?
Who was Lilith in the Bible?	Who was Lilith in the Old Testament?
What is this warning image of a child holding a piece of kitchen paper against it's head supposed to mean?	What is this warning image of a child holding a piece of kitchen paper on his head supposed to mean?
How do I scan documents into my computer?	What is the best way to scan a document into a computer?
Do non-CSE/IT students find it difficult to progress beyond a certain point in the IT industry due to the lack of a CS base?	Do non-CS/IT students find it difficult to progress beyond a certain point in the IT industry due to the lack of CS base?
What is the most stupid question asked on Quora?	What are the most annoying questions that you feel ridiculous in Quora?
Why would a parent abuse their child?	What makes a parent capable of abusing a child?
How do I get internship at IITs (UG student)?	How do I get a project internship from an IIT?
Can I get a good job without a college degree?	Can I get a good job without a university degree?
Why men watch porn?	Why do men have to watch porn?
How much Benadryl can I give my dog? What are some side effects?	How harmful could it be giving Benadryl to my dog?
Where can I get very professional furniture removal service in Central Coast?	Where can I get furniture removal services in Central Coast?
What are some of the best examples of how to live a good life?	What is the best way of living life?
Where can I buy second hand books in Hyderabad?	Where can I get second hand books in Hyderabad?
What are the ill effects of black money on indian economy?	What is the effect of black money on India's macro economy?
How can I make a suicide look like an accident?	How do I make a suicide seem like an accident?
What do Chinese think about India?	What do the Chinese people think about India?
What is starch? What function does it have?	What is starch? What are its functions?
What are the best deal aggregator APIs?	What are some good deal aggregator APIs?
What's your favorite subject in school?	What was your favorite subject in school?
What is the highest possible pay for jobs that hire at 15 years old?	What's the highest possible wage offered by places that hire at age 15?
How do I get my iCloud password?	What should you do if you can't remember your iCloud password?
Why does China support Pakistani terrorism?	Why China supports Pakistani terrorism?
How can I really join into harvard?	How can you join Harvard University?
Will Donald Trump "make America great again"?	Can trump make America great again?
Why aren't supporters of Bernie Sanders voting for Jill Stein?	Why don’t Bernie supporters vote for Jill Stein?
How do I find all my Gmail accounts?	How do I find my own gmail accounts list?
Forgot my Facebook password and email password. How can I log into Facebook?	How can I deactivate a Facebook account if I forgot the email address and the password?
Why there are people who still believe that earth is flat?	Why are there still people who think that the Earth is flat?
What is your view/opinion about Govt scrapping Rs.500 and Rs.1000 currency notes?	What do you think about ban on Rs. 500 and Rs. 1000 currency notes?
I'm 18. How can I make money online?	Can I earn money online?
How can I hack a Facebook account?	How can I hack fb password?
Why do people find mathematics difficult?	Why is mathematics so tough?
How do you make hair grow faster overnight?	What can I do to make my hair grow faster?
What is the significance or logic behind the blowing out of candles on birthday cakes?	Why do we cut cake and blow out candles on our birthday? What is the historical or cultural significance behind this tradition?
Will the value of Indian rupee increase after the ban of 500 and 1000 rupee notes?	What can be the possible effects of removing 500 and 1000 rupee currency notes?
How does a teenager make friends?	How do I make friends as a teenager?
How to make an anime opening?	How can you make an anime opening?
Why is Manaphy now seen as whiny in Pokemon?	Why is Manaphy so whiny throughout the Pokémon anime?
From where can I pursue digital marketing course?	Will digital marketing a good course to learn?
How do I overcome sensitivity?	How can I overcome my sensitive nature?
What if there is no money?	What if there was no money?
What is the best book for learning Java?	What is the best book for learning Java for beginner?
How caste system introduced in Indian Society?	How did the caste system begin?
Why the incandescent lamp heating when current passed through it? .?	Why the incandescent lamp heating when current passed through it?
What would replace ISS in 2024? Or it would stay in space longer?	Will bigelow commercial space station be the substitute of the ISS in 2024?
What are the things needed when you're planning a bridal shower party?	How can I plan a bridal shower in another state?
What are the pros and cons of general admission concert tickets?	What are the pros and cons of getting general admission concert tickets?
Which is the Best country for jobs for mechanical engineers?	Which is the best country to do a job for mechanical engineering?
What should I do when a girl I like has already a boyfriend?	What should I do girl I like already have a boyfriend?
What is a Dalvik Virtual Machine?	What is use and function of Dalvik virtual machine in Android?
How can changing 500 and 1000 rupee notes end the black money in India?	How will banning the present 500/1000 notes fight black money if it can be exchanged?
Why does everyone hate Hillary Clinton?	Why do so many people hate Hilary Clinton?
Why does my head hurt when I study?	Why does my head hurt when I try to study?
What should someone do to overcome anxiety?	How does one overcome depression and anxiety?
Is it possible to build vehicles that transform into Robots as shown in the movie "Transformers"?	Is it really possible to make robots like we have seen in the movie Transformers?
What were the most important causes and effects of the fall of the Roman Empire?	What were the 3 main causes for the Fall of Rome?
What are some books similar to "To Kill a Mockingbird"?	What are some books similar "To To Kill A Mockingbird" and why are they similar?
Why do we put candles on birthday cakes?	Why do we put candles on top of birthday cake?
What is the best way to inprove my English writing ability?	What are the best ways to improve my writing skills in English.?
When was Quora established?	How did Quora started out?
What are the things I should know or do before getting married?	What are all the things we should know before getting married?
How do I make a suicide look like an accident?	How do I die and make it look like an accident?
How many questions did you attempt and how many marks do you expect in KVPY SA 2016?	How was KVPY SA 2016?
How do I identify a sociopath?	How do you identify a sociopath in a society?
How can I make money on a stock market?	How do I make money on stocks?
How do I start preparing for IAS exam? How much time should I spend on which subject?	As an engineering 3rd year student what should I start preparing for IAS exam?
Does the current MacBook Pro have 4K display?	Does the third generation MacBook Pro have a Retina display?
Can science encourage spirituality?	Is there any reasonable and logical relation between science and spirituality?
What is the worst thing about USA?	What are some of the worst things about USA?
How do you potty train large puppies?	How do you potty train a 6-month old Pit Bull?
What will be after the death?	What occurs after death?
What's the best supplement when starting to work out and gain muscle?	What are the best supplements to take if you're trying to gain muscle?
Is sex is required in relationship?	Is sex really important in a relationship?
Is there any possible way to end caste-based reservations in India?	What is a possible alternative to reservation system in India?
Why do I feel anxious easily?	Why do I feel anxious all the time?
How do I know what martial art is right for me?	Which martial art is right for me?
How do I get myself motivated to go to the gym?	How can I keep myself motivated to hit the gym everyday?
How do I prepare for JEE Advanced?	How can I prepare for the JEE Advanced ?
Which is the best institute to learn digital marketing (job oriented) in India?	What is the best digital marketing course available online and offline in India and Why?
What actually happened to hodor?	What really happened to hodor?
Which is the best tv series out of 2016?	What are the best TV shows of 2016?
What are some ideas for a social study fair project?	What are some ideas for a social studies fair project?
How will Hillary Clinton's pneumonia diagnosis affect her campaign?	How seriously will Hillary Clinton's early departure from a 9/11 ceremony affect her campaign?
Who will win ipl 2016?	Which team do you think will win the IPL 2016?
Why is today's music such garbage?	Why does today's music seem especially terrible?
How do I reduce my weight?	What is the easiest way to loose weight?
What is maximum entropy in the simplest terms?	Could someone explain about maximum entropy principle with simple example?
From where can I pursue digital marketing course?	What is the scope of digital marketing in India for an MBA marketing student?
How do I prepare for an HR interview?	How can I prepare for a technical and hr interview?
Do people prefer iPhone or Android?	Why do some people prefer iPhones to Androids?
What are the best reference books for learning Java?	Which is best book for Java?
How do I get up early in the morning?	What should I do to wake up early in the morning?
What are the chances of WW3 in 2017?	How close to WW3 are we?
Why do some people use Quora when a dictionary or Google could be used instead?	Why do people use Quora when they know that they could find a more accurate answer on Google?
Who invented Facebook?	Who invented the Facebook?
How can I download videos from hostar?	How can I download videos from hotstar?
What would a conventional war between the US and Russia look like?	Who will win if there is non nuclear war between Russia and America?
How would you define India in one sentence?	What is your thought about India in one line?
What are the best ways to earn money from home?	What are ways to make money online at home?
How one can control impulsive emotions?	How can I control my emotions?
What is meaning of butterfly effect?	What is butterfly effect?
Why did Donald Trump win the 2016 Presidential election?	Why did Donald Trump win?
How can one learn Catalan?	What is the best way to learn Catalan?
Which is the best movie from 2016?	Which was the best film of 2016?
Why my toddler dont want to eat?	What would cause a toddler to not want to eat?
What does nationalism mean?	What does nationalism means?
How can I motivate myself to study something I don't like?	How do I motivate myself to study the subjects I don't like?
What is the basic difference between 2g 2.5g 2.75g?	What is the difference between 2G and 3G mobile networks?
What are the pros and cons of banning currency notes of 500 and 1000 in India?	What are the pros & cons of demonetization?
Which are some of the best horror movies of all time?	What are the best horror movies that will keep you up at night?
How can one earn money on Quora?	How can we earn from Quora?
How can I pass a drug test for meth in two days?	How can u pass a meth swab test?
What would be effect of 500 and 1000 Rs notes ban?	What do you think of abolishing 500 and 1000 Rupee Currency notes by the Indian Government?
Which are some best places to visit in India?	Which is the best place to visit in India?
How can you learn to stay motivated all the time?	What should I do to stay motivated and happy?
Did a certain answer on Quora change your life?	Has an answer on Quora changed your life?
What would be the next step by Narendra Modi to eradicate black money?	What will be Modi next step for removing black money?
How can I make my hair grow faster?	How can I make my hair grow faster in a month?
What would happen if the earth suddenly started moving faster or slower?	What would happen if the earth suddenly started to spin faster than usual?
Why do companies choose to incorporate in Delaware?	Why do a lot of public companies incorporate themselves in Delaware?
Can I make a friend on Quora?	How can I make friends on Quora?
What is it like to be a homosexual in India?	How does it feel to be a closeted gay in India?
What can I do if I feel slightly depressed?	What can we do when we feel depressed?
What are the craziest things you have ever done on your trips?	What's the craziest thing you've ever done on vacation?
What is the match.com of china?	What is match.com equivalent in china?
What is the best latest movie?	What are the best movies of 2016?
How I can improve my English communication?	I want to improve my English?
My questions are fine. Why does Quora keep saying they need improvement? It's frustrating.	All my questions on Quora need improvement. What is the best way to ask a question on Quora?
What is the best way to discover what I want in my future?	How do I discover what I will want to be in future?
To what extent is Darwin's theory on evolution true?	How Darwin's theory of evolution is right?
How does a hybrid car work?	How does a hybrid car works?
How can I stop masturbation?	How can I stop masturbating daily?
How would you rule the world?	How can I rule the world?
What does the Google Maps traffic estimated travel time range represent?	What speed does Google Maps assume when it generates estimated times for car routes?
Why do so many people hate Hillary Clinton?	Why do so many people say Hillary Clinton is evil?
How do I start preparation for cracking the IAS exam? What are some good books and ideas as I am from a middle class family?	How should I start my preparation for IAS as an engineering student?
How I can speak English with fluency?	How I can speak English fluently?
If you were chosen to have superpowers what would you have?	What superpower would you like to have?
What programming languages should a teenager learn?	What programming languages should I learn as a teenager?
Why do Quorans appear to favor Hillary Clinton?	Why do the majority of Quorans favor Hillary over Trump?
What's the best way to learn English?	What is the best way of improving spoken English?
How is TCS for freshers?	How is TCS for fresher?
How can you describe what is popular sovereignty?	How would you describe popular sovereignty?
How can I upload my profile picture in Quora?	How do I get my picture to be different on Quora?
How did trump win the presidential election?	How did Donald Trump win the election?
How does Google Maps know about traffic details?	How does live traffic work on Google Maps?
Can I hack WhatsApp?	It is possible to hack whatsapp messages?
What is the best site to buy e liquid?	What is the best site to buy e liquid from?
How can we preserve Charminar?	What is being done to protect and preserve Charminar?
Can anime exist in a parallel universe/multiverse?	I been seeing some questions on Quora and Yahoo that anime might exist in another parallel universe so is it true?
Do things need to be fair?	Why do things need to be fair?
How do I build a self confidence?	How do I improve confidence?
Why is Saltwater taffy candy imported in Australia?	Why is Saltwater taffy candy imported in Laos?
Is it possible to time travel to past?	Do you think time travel is possible?
What is the best book of preparations for IAS exam?	Which is the best book for preparation of IAS exam?
How alternating current changes its direction?	How alternating current changes its direction of travel?
Will demonetization leads to inflation or deflation?	What effect will demonetization have on inflation in India?
What are some of the Malayalam movies that show the beautiful natural attractions of Kerala?	What are movies that explore the Nature of Kerala?
What are tracer rounds? Are they legal for the public to possess in the state of Georgia?	What are tracer rounds? Are they legal for the public to possess in the state of Idaho?
How do I get deleted emails back from gmail?	How do I recover deleted emails in my gmail account?
What are the most thought-provoking YouTube videos?	What are the most thought-provoking YouTube videos ever?
How should India respond to uri attacks?	What are the possible options for India to deal with Uri terror attack?
Who do you think will win the US presidency and why?	Who should win the US Presidency? And why?
What would be your New Year resolutions for 2017?	What are some of your New Year's resolutions for 2017?
Is it possible to see the pictures you've deleted on Instagram?	Can you see deleted Instagram posts?
How do I stop the feeling that everything in my life will go wrong?	How do I stop feeling like everything I do is wrong?
Do you have to be a resident to open up a bank account in Slovenia?	Do I have to be a resident to open a bank account in Slovenia?
How long does it take to grow long hair?	How long does it take for hair to grow?
After the U.S. dropped a nuclear bomb on Japan why did Japan fight back?	After the U.S. dropped a nuclear bomb on Japan why didn't Japan fight back?
What is a good soy sauce substitute?	What are good substitutes for soy sauce?
What is the worst mistake you can make at work?	What is the biggest mistake you have ever made at work?
Who will win the 2016 presidential elections?	Which candidate is currently projected to win the 2016 election at this time?
Has Trump ever run for President before?	Has Donald Trump run for president before?
Why can't we make a time machine?	Is it possible for human to invent time machine?
How do I get a lot of money in 8 ball pool?	How do I get more coins in 8 ball pool miniclip?
Technology: What are the best smartphones gadgets?	Which are the best and the most useful smart phone gadgets?
What is the best way to improve life?	What is the best way to improve your life?
How do you explain flash to a non-technical person?	How do I explain flash to a non technical person?
What are the steps in solving problems in programming?	What are the steps in solving programming problems?
Why does Quora wants to end each question with a question mark?	Why does Quora require a question mark at end of the question?
How do I talk English fluently?	How I can enhance my English language?
How can we control bad feelings?	How should I control outbursts of emotions?
Why is India performing bad in Olympics?	Why is India not winning even a single bronze in Olympics?
Why cant we produce oxygen like trees and reduce global warming?	Can we produce oxygen like trees and reduce global warming?
What is your talent and when did you find out?	What's your talent and how did you find it?
How can I build a new religion?	How would you recommend starting a religion?
Is ISI better than RAW?	What makes ISI better than RAW?
What are the best IT companies in India to work for?	Which is the best IT company to work for in India?
Who are you voting for U.S. President in November 2016 and why?	Who are you voting for and why?
How do you commit suicide?	What is the easiest way to commite suicide?
Why do so many people ask questions on Quora instead of searching the answers on Wikipedia?	Why do people ask questions on Quora that could simply be googled?
How does the ranking of answers on Quora work?	How does Quora determine the order in which answers to a given question appear?
Which is the most used programming language in the world currently?	Which is the most used computer language?
What exactly is operations management?	What is operation management?
Why do people ask questions on Quora while They can get all the answers by Googling?	Why do people on Quora ask silly questions about the facts which can be googled very easily?
How can I hack Facebook?	How can someone hack a Facebook account?
How does the HP OfficeJet 4620 Airprint compare to the HP LaserJet Enterprise 700 Printer M712dn?	How does the HP OfficeJet 4620 Airprint compare to the HP DeskJet 1112 Printer?
Why is reading books so important? How is the habit of book-reading useful to a person? Of anwer	Why is reading books so important? How is the habit of book-reading useful to a person?
Does Lipton green tea Assist in weight loss?	Why is green tea associated with fat loss?
Is their any way you can PM someone on Quora?	How do I personal message someone on Quora?
Why do I feel sleepy when I am listening to a lecture?	Why do we feel sleepy during lectures?
What purpose do you find in life?	What do you feel is your purpose in life?
What is the best phone under 12k currently?	Which is best phone under 12k?
Which is the best web hosting site?	Which is the best web hosting?
How do I write an essay in English effectively?	How can I write a essay?
Is it more expensive to build or to buy a house?	Is it better to buy a house or buy land and build a house?
How can I stop spending so much time on the Internet?	How do I stop wasting my time on the internet?
How do you scan a document to your computer?	What is the best way to scan a document into a computer?
What is to hymn?	What is a hymn?
Who will win premier league this season 2016-2017?	Which club can win the Premier League title next season 2016-2017?
How do ideal with back log while preparing for IIT?	How should you tackle back log in all three subjects when preparing for IIT?
What are some ways to lose 30 pound in 1 month?	What is the best diet to lose 30 pounds in a month?
What is it like to get kicked in your balls?	What does it feel like to be kicked in the balls?
What do you fear?	Which is your biggest fear?
How much do you believe in astrology?	Do you believe in horoscopes and astrology?
Where is the best place to go on a honeymoon?	What are the best places around the world for a honeymoon?
How can I overcome masturbation and/or porn addiction?	What is the best way to overcome porn and masturbation addiction?
What is Bahá'í Faith?	What is your review of Bahá'í Faith?
Why does the Samsung Galaxy Note 7 explode?	Why are Samsung's Galaxy Note 7 phones exploding?
How do I overcome this anxiety of dying?	How can you reduce your fear of dying?
Which was the first ATM in Kerala?	Which is the first ATM introduced in Kerala?
Why is my dog so cute?	Why are dogs so cute?
Which are the best Quora answers one must read?	What was the best Quora answer?
How can one get rid of anger?	How can I get rid of anger?
Will multiculturalism ever work?	Does multiculturalism work?
What are the best way to learn hacking?	How do you learn about hacking?
Why do you think people should go to university?	Why do some people need to go to university?
What is the best bicycle to buy in the range of 10k?	What is the best bicycle around 10000INR?
How do I get FM radio on my iPhone?	How can I receive FM radio broadcasts on my iPhone 6s Plus?
Which is the best movie download site?	Which are best sites to download movies?
How can I stop being hard on myself?	How do I stop going hard on myself?
My questions on Quora all need improving. How do you ask a question on Quora?	Is there a way on Quora to ask why a specific question was marked as needs improvement?
How do i stop caring about my old friends?	How do I stop caring about an old friend?
How do I start looking for colleges?	How do you start looking into colleges to go to?
What does the phrase "speak softly and carry a big stick" mean exactly?	What is the meaning of the phrase "speak softly and carry a big stick"?
What's a good product for Acne?	What is the best product for acne?
What is your reaction about the ban on Rs. 500 and Rs. 1000 notes? Won't it create a chaos and harm the economy?	What do you think about RBI's new move of banning 500 and 1000 notes?
Can the Electoral College stop Trump and vote in Clinton?	What are the chances of the electoral college changing vote for Clinton?
How can I motivate myself to get out depression?	How can I drag myself out of depression?
What was the American Revolution? When did it take place?	What is The American Revolution? Why did it take place?
How can we prevent ourselves from sleeping while studying?	How do we avoid sleeping while studying?
How can I write a private message to one of the users of Quora?	Can I send message on Quora?
How can one increase vocabulary?	How do I expand my vocabulary?
How do I get a job in NASA after electrical engineering?	How do I get a job at NASA as an electrical engineer?
What is the smartest snippet of code you have ever seen/written?	What is the smartest piece of code you have ever written/seen?
Is biological aging a disease?	What are the biological causes of aging?
What is best antivirus 2016?	Which is best 2016 antivirus for PC?
Which is the best color for a car?	What is the best color for cars?
What is the next number in the sequence? 9…16…24…33…	What is the next number in the sequence? 9…16…24…33…?
Can we get a second hand car in EMI?	Is it possible to get a second hand car in EMI?
Is there Genuine Online form filling part time jobs available	Are part time online medical coding jobs available in India?
How do I concentrate more on studies?	How can I concentrate in my daily studies?
How do I get back into my Google account without knowing my username and having no recovery options?	How do I get back into my google account without knowing my username or having any recovery options?
What are the expected consequences of Declaring 500 and 1000 rupee notes as illegal?	What will be the effects after banning on 500 and 1000 rupee notes?
What are best c++ books in 2016?	What are the best books for c++?
Why do we use swing in Java?	Why we use swings in java?
How can I post long question details in my Quora questions?	Can I write a long question on Quora?
What are known reasons for divorce between Angelina Jolie and Brad Pitt?	Do you think there is a real reason Brad Pitt & Angelina Jolie are getting a divorce?
How can an HTML5 web app access the camera in mobile phones?	How can an HTML5 web access the camera in mobile phones?
How can I come out of my comfort zone and stay concentrated?	What are some of the best ways to break out my comfort zone?
What's the difference between INTJ and a psychopath?	What are the differences between a person who has an INTJ personality and a psychopath?
What is your favorite element? Why?	Which is your favorite element and why?
Will I be in trouble if I download movies from torrents in India?	Is downloading from torrent is still illegal in India?
What are the best study strategies?	How can I do self study effectively?
What are the different phobias people can have?	What are the different kinds of phobia that people have?
Why does it get me off to be choked while having sex?	Why do girls like getting choked while having sex?
How can I lose weight ?	Whats the most effective way/ solution to lose weight in a short time?
How do I restore my Dell computer to factory settings?	How can I factory restore the settings on a Dell laptop?
Is there any question that Google can't answer?	What's the question that Google cannot answer?
Which is the best book for core Java?	Which is the best book for Java?
Can people really enjoy their jobs? Or is working supposed to be a suffering thing?	Do people really enjoy work?
What is the best MLM company in India?	Which MLM company is best to work for in India?
What should a developer do to become a top developer on Google Play?	Who qualifies to be a top developer on Google Play Store?
What are the effects of putting oxygen in nitrogen filled tires?	Is it good to have a nitrogen filled tire?
Would Donald Trump be the worst president in US history?	Do you think that Donald Trump would be the worst president the United States would ever have?
What is evil? And what is good?	What is good and evil?
Why do some people call Donald Trump racist?	How did Donald Trump become such a racist?
Psychology of Everyday Life: What are some things that make Indians happy?	What are the things that make Indians happy and proud?
What is the best way to start writing my first book?	What are some good ways to start writing a book?
What is a good way to make friends? Read the details	What is the best way to make a friend?
Can witches fly on brooms?	Why do witches fly on broomsticks?
What does Libya's solid green flag represent?	Why is libya's flag green?
What is the world's largest (volume) mountain?	Where is the world's largest mountain located?
How many CCTV cameras has Arvind Kejriwal installed in Delhi so far?	How many CCTV cameras have been installed in Delhi by Arvind Kejriwal?
Why hasn't central government appointed Lokpal?	What's stopping the Modi government from appointing Lokpal?
What programming languages are best to learn?	What is the best programming language I should start learning?
What are the common traits of an introvert?	What are the common traits of an introvert? What kind of activities are they usually doing?
What are part time jobs that can work from home?	What are some of the best part-time jobs where you can work from home and make some good cash?
How can I hack my friend's Facebook account?	What is the easiest way to hack Facebook account?
Is it possible to sleep without dreaming?	How do I sleep at night without any dreams?
How do I speak English fluently?	How can I learn to speak English fluently?
Could someone explain the chinese remainder theorem?	What is the Chinese remainder theorem? Can anyone explain me what exactly it is?
Which country has best education system?	Which countries have the best education system and why?
Why is Autism Sensory overload painful?	Why is Sensory Overload painful?
Why do you consider yourself lucky?	Do you consider yourself lucky? Why?
Do you think moon landing was fake?	Is the moon landing fake because the astronaut suits are different in the images?
How do I get rid of face pimples?	How can I get rid from my acnes?
How can I earn money easily online?	Is there any easy way to make money online?
What are vacuoles made of? What are its functions?	What is a vacuole made of? What function does it serve?
What are some signs of life on other planets?	Is it possible that there is life in other planets?
How do I get in touch with hackers?	How do I get the assistance of an hacker?
What is considered as bad parenting?	Can you name an example of bad parenting?
What is the one movie you watched that changed your life the most?	Which movie had changed your life completely?
How can you write an informative speech about autism?	How do you write an informative speech on autism?
Are we going to see the next world war?	Are we overdue for a world war?
What are some alternate theories to the singularity existing at t=0 just before the Big Bang? What else could have existed just before the Big Bang?	What existed before the Big Bang?
Why does the media constantly distort Donald Trump as a bad man?	Why mainstream media hates Donald Trump?
Which are the best and affordable resorts in Goa?	What are some affordable and safe beach resorts in Goa?
What are the benefits of having an enema? What are the downsides/risks?	What are the health benefits of an enema?
How hard is it to start a home based daycare?	How do I start a daycare?
What are the chances of Electoral college votes for Hillary?	How plausible is it that the electoral college electors might not appoint Trump?
Was World War II Inevitable?	Was World War II preventable?
What is a good diet to lose weight?	How should I lose weight?
How can I get funding from a venture capital firm?	Chamath Palihapitiya: How do I get venture capital or crowd funding for my startup?
How will the introduction of new 2000 rupee notes help in curbing the black money?	Why did the Indian government introduce the new 2000 rupee (INR) note?
Why is my flaccid penis so small?	Why is my flaccid penis so small but when it erects it becomes bigger than average?
Where can I find different types of designer sliding wardrobes in Sydney?	Where can I buy most amazing wardrobes in Sydney?
Can I sell teacher resource materials with pictures of fiction book covers on them?	Can I use pictures of fiction book covers on teacher resource materials to sale?
Do you think the shape of filipino conciousness is natural?	Do you think the shape of Filipino consciousness is natural?
How do I reduce my tummy without doing any exercise?	How can I reduce my belly without doing exercise?
Is wwe fake?	Is pro wrestling fake?
Where did the name Sunni actually come from? And who are the Sunnis?	Where did actually the name Sunni come from? And who are the Sunnis?
What are some fairly painless ways to die?	What’s the easiest most painless way to die?
What are the best smartphones under 15K in 2016?	Which is the best phone to buy under 15000 INR?
Personal Goals: What is the biggest fear that keeps you from starting your own business?	What is keeping you from starting your own business?
How do I get rid of acne and acne causes?	How do I get rid of face pimples?
How can people remember their past life memories?	How can I remember my past life?
How can I really start losing weight?	What is the most effective everlasting method of losing weight?
Why a lucky bamboo turns yellow?	Why do some lucky bamboo stems turn yellow?
What is the best way to unlock a WiFi network?	How can I unlock WiFi networks?
Why does Pakistan want Kashmir?	Why is Pakistan obsessed with Kashmir?
Can I see who viewed my videos on Instagram?	How can I see who viewed my Instagram video?
What's the best way to become a sushi chef?	How can I become a sushi chef?
Which are some of the books entrepreneurs must read?	Which books should entrepreneurs read?
What are some symptoms of postpartum depression?	What are some symptoms of postpartum and miscarriage depression?
How do I search answers on Quora?	How do I search anyone on Quora?
How do I study for gre?	How do I study for GRE on my own?
How can you treat beet allergies?	How can you treat an allergic to beets?
What is the importance of a vulnerability scan?	What is the importance of vulnerability scan?
What's the most embarrassing moment you've ever had?	What's the most embarrassing thing that has ever happened to you?
How do i remove belly fat?	What are good exercises to get rid of belly fat?
What is your all time favorite book?	What are some of your favorite books?
How do I prepare for the GRE?	What is the best way to prepare for the exam of GRE?
How can I get a job at the Canadian Space Agency?	How can I apply for jobs at the Canadian Space Agency?
Where is the best and least expensive place to stay in New York City?	Where is the cheapest place to live in New York City?
How do I loose weight fast?	How can I loose weight in a week?
How many calories should I consume if I want to lose fat and gain muscle?	How many calories should I consume if I want to gain muscle and lose fat?
Why do you use an iPhone?	Why do people buy the iPhone?
What are some examples of extrusive igneous rocks?	What are examples of extrusive igneous rocks?
What can I do for my erectile dysfunction?	Can erectile dysfunction be cured?
What is Hummingbird update?	What is a Hummingbird update in Google?
What is the best 2 liner you know of a shayari?	What is the best 2 line Shayari?
What are the possible ways to stop smoking?	How did you quit/stop smoking?
How does one choose the best global health insurance plans for frequent travelers or expatriates?	Health Insurance for frequent travelers?
Is java programming easy?	How easy is it for someone to learn Java programming with no prior knowledge of programming?
What are some of the most dangerous cities in America?	What is the most dangerous city in United States and why?
How can I improve my pronunciation of English words?	How can I improve my communication skill and English proficiency?
How can I get freelance testing projects?	How can I get freelancing testing projects?
How can you get rid of detergent stains on clothes?	What are some ways to get rid of laundry detergent stains?
How can I make my money make money?	What is the best way to make more money?
How do you know that you have met your soulmate?	How do I know if I found the one?
Why does Japan have so many earthquakes?	Why are so many earthquakes in Japan?
How did Avogadro come up with Avogadro's law?	What is the intuition behind Avogadro's Law?
What are some bad movies that you think should have never been made?	What movie should NEVER have been made and why?
What do blind people dream about?	How do blind people dream?
How can one add more than 300 characters to the question details in Quora?	How do I add more details to Quora like this site used to?
How does the roles of man differ based on the persona's description?	How do the roles of man differ based on the persona’s description?
How could I be fluent in English?	How can I speaking fluently speaking English?
What are the best project management tools or techniques for solo web designers/developers?	What are the project management best tools and techniques for solo web designer/ developers?
What makes a great problem solver?	What makes you an insightful problem solver?
Why is Jayalalithaa so famous?	Why is Jayalalithaa famous?
Is there any Telugu film that is nominated for Oscars?	Is there at-least one film from Telugu nominated for Academy Awards?
What's the best place to visit for summer?	What are the best places to visit this summer vacation?
Why isn't there cat-flavored dog food?	Why don't they just make cat flavoured dog food?
Want to know best slimming centre in Mumbai?	Want to know about which is the best slimming centre in Mumbai?
How can you tell if you're a narcissist?	How can you diagnose a narcissist?
Why don't the Fratellis come to China?	Why doesn't the Fratellis come to China?
What are the best ways to make money as a teenager?	How can I make money as a teen?
What is the meaning of specific gravity?	What is specific gravity?
Why is Saltwater Taffy candy imported in Jamaica?	Why is Saltwater taffy candy imported in China?
How can I join Indian Air Force after be in mechanical engineering?	How can i join Indian Armed Forces?
What is it like to smoke pot?	What is it like to smoke marijuana?
What is the best way to invest little amount af money in a short time? Need ideas.	How do I invest money if I have a very short amount of income?
How ca n I improve my communication skill?	How can I improve my communication skills?
Some best english songs?	Which is the best English song?
Which project is best in electrical engineering final year?	What are some cool final year projects for electrical and electronics engineering students?
What will happen to the border between Northern Ireland and Ireland following the Brexit vote?	Can a post-Brexit Britain really survive without a land border between Northern Ireland and the Republic of Ireland (or an independent Scotland)?
How do I study effectively in 1st year MBBS?	How do I start studying effectively in mbbs 1st proff?
What are the best foods in the world?	What is the best food on earth?
What is the definition of sexual assault?	What constitutes sexual assault?
Why did Govt. print 2000 rupee note and create a havoc for change?	What is the rationale behind introducing 2000 rupee note by India Government?
What is a ruby laser?	What is Ruby laser?
Can I get pregnant two days after my period ends?	Can you get pregnant 8 days before your period?
How Facebook accounts get hacked?	How can a Facebook account be hacked?
How does one choose the best global health insurance plans for frequent travelers or expatriates?	What is the best short-term health insurance to get if you are planning to travel internationally?
Should you marry a girl who had a boyfriend in the past ?	Should you marry a girl who has been in a relationship?
Will there really be any war between India and Pakistan over the Uri attack? What will be its effects?	What will happen if India and Pakistan gets into war and who will win?
How do I knit?	What is the best way to teach yourself how to knit?
How do I write a press release?	How do I write a press release easily?
Who are you voting for in the 2016 U.S. Presidential Elections and why?	Who are you voting for in the upcoming presidential election and why?
As a beginner where to start artificial intelligence?	How do you learn artificial intelligence?
What are the components of a computer hardware?	What are the basic components of a computer model?
How can I get traffic on website?	How do I increase traffic on my site?
How can I become a travel agent and what are the perks?	How do I become a travel agent?
Unit of torque for DC motor and why?	What is the unit of torque in a DC motor?
How can I make a plan to lose 12-15 pounds in 2-3 months?	What's the best plan to lose weight?
What did Dhoni step down as ODI and T20 captain so quietly?	Why did MS Dhoni step down from the captaincy of limited overs?
Is it possible to fly a commercial jet into space?	Is it possible for a passenger flight to fly to space?
How do I get my tweet answered by ICICI bank?	How do I get my tweets answered by ICICI bank?
What is the best site to watch free movies online?	Are there any ways to watch movies for free?
How does feminist philosophy differ from Gender/Women's Studies?	What is the difference between feminist studies and women studies?
What is the role of technical branch and ground duty branch in Indian air force?	What are the roles and responsibilities of the technical branch officers in the Indian Air Force?
Why did Gravity generally receive better reviews than Interstellar?	Why is Gravity better than Interstellar?
Why do some people think that the Earth is flat when it is very clear that it is not?	Why do some people still think the Earth is flat?
Do you have to stand for the national anthem?	Is it necessary to stand during the national anthem?
How can I increase my followers count in Quora?	How can I increase my followers on Quora?
What does "you had the real thing" mean?	What does "you had the real thing mean"?
What is the greatest country in the world?	Is the US the greatest country in the world?
How would you deal with a difficult child?	How do you deal with difficult children?
Which is the best site to book hotel online?	What is the best site to book a hotel online?
Will Silicon Valley transform into one of the biggest tech driven places in California?	Which places in the USA attracted the best tech talent before Silicon Valley emerged in California?
How do you get over writer’s block?	How can I beat writer’s block?
What is the KVPY SA expected cut off for 2016?	How was KVPY SA 2016?
How aggressive is china?	Is China aggressive in its foreign policy?
What are some untraceable poisons?	What are the untraceable poison?
How do people celebrate Christmas around world?	How is Christmas celebrated across the world?
How do you add a profile picture on Quora?	How can I add my profile picture on Qoura?
Why doesn't Trump begin speaking the "truth" by releasing his tax returns?	Why doesn't Donald Trump release his tax returns?
What are indians still doing wrong?	What is it that we indians are doing collectively wrong?
How do I successfully reprogram my subconscious mind?	Can I control subconscious mind?
Which is the best phone to buy under 15000 INR?	Which is the best android device to buy under ₹15000?
How do I start learning about economics?	What is the best way to start learning economics?
How can I learn more about neural networks?	How do I learn neural networks?
Can we crack NIFT entrace exam in 1 month without any prior coaching?	Can we crack NIFT entrace exam in 1 months without any prior coaching?
How do you under DM on Instagram?	How do I DM on Instagram?
What is the best tangible gift you've ever received?	Which is the best gift that you have ever received?
How will the ban of Rs 500 and Rs 1000 notes affect people’s lives?	How will changing currency notes of 500 INR and 1000 INR affect poor and illetarate people in India?
Why don't Bernie Sanders supporters choose Jill Stein as obvious positive alternative to Hillary Clinton?	Why have Bernie Sanders supporters not rallied around Jill Stein?
What is automation testing?	What is automated testing?
How can I build traffic for my website?	How do I increase organic traffic to website?
What are the non commercial uses of virtual private networks?	What are the non commercial uses of virtual private networks and one example of an organisation which utilizes it?
How do guide dogs know where they're going?	How do guide dogs know when to cross the road? What other things can they do?
How make our future goal?	How can we make our future goal?
How can I get rid of the pain of unrequited love?	How do I move over unrequited love?
What does a web designer do?	What things a web designer does?
Is there any scope in Software Engineering?	What is the scope of software engineering?
Is there any treatment for acne?	How did you cure your acne?
On Quora why can't you comment on other people's answers if you're anonymous?	Why can't I comment anonymously on Quora answers?
Would there still be web hosting without net neutrality?	Will I still be able to have my own website without net neutrality?
What is your favourite vegetarian recipe?	What vegetarian recipes are your favourite?
How do you know when it's time to divorce?	When is it time for a divorce?
Why do people use Quora when we already have google?	Why should we use Quora when we can Google everything?
What is the best Bollywood movie in this year 2016?	Which was the best Bollywood movie of 2016 so far?
What do you like or dislike about Quora?	What do you like and dislike about Quora?
How do I use a guitar pedal?	What is the best way to use my first guitar pedal?
What kind of questions can I ask to Quora?	What kind of Questions should be asked on Quora?
Which is the best smartphone I can buy under 15000 in july 2016?	Which is the best smartphone in India under Rs 15000?
Do you think CNN is corrupt?	Is CNN corrupt?
What is a narcissistic personality disorder?	What is Narcissistic personality disorder?
Does green chai tea assist with weight loss?	Why is green tea associated with fat loss?
What does preprocessor directive means in C++?	What are the functions of preprocessor directives in C++?
Is Pokemon an anime or a cartoon? Why?	Is Pokemon anime or cartoon?
What should I do for belly fat?	How should I get rid of belly fat?
Which country offers better employment opportunities after doing MS in Civil engineering?	Which country will be best to do MS in civil engineering considering a job opportunity in the country after the course completion?
Did Hillary lie to the families of the Benghazi four?	Why did Hillary lie about Benghazi and say it was because of a video? Was she trying to protect Obama's re-election chances?
How can I cure my alcoholism?	A cure for alcoholism?
How do Betty each kindergarten children fewer and more?	How do Betty teach kindergarten children fewer and more?
How can I find a question that hasn't been asked on Quora before?	Is there any question that has not been asked on Quora? How do I find something to ask on Quora?
What is time traveling?	what is time travel?
What does it takes to be a successful coffee shop?	What do you need to do for a soft opening of a coffee shop?
Sheryl Sandberg: What is your favourite book that you have read so far?	Sheryl Sandberg: What is your favourite book?
Why do fusion reaction and fission reaction both release energy?	How can nuclear fission and nuclear fusion reactions both release energy when they're the opposite of each other? How exactly does this work?
What are some of the different types of acorns?	What are the different types of acorns?
Can I get some good motivational quotes?	Can I get some good motivating quotes?
How can I hack my friends phone?	How can you hack a cell phone?
How can I improve my english language skills? I am basically from gujarati background.	How can we improve our English language skills?
How can I become a private security contractor?	How can I become a military contractor?
How does it feel when a person has sex for the very first time?	How does having sex feel for the first time?
Which day is the Sabbath day according to Bible?	Which day is the true sabbath according to Bible?
Why did Quora remove my question?	Why is Quora removing my questions?
What is pulse code modulation? What are some applications of it?	What is the pulse code modulation?
Are books the best way to learn about business?	What are the best books to learn about business?
What is hypothyroidism? What are some of the best treatments?	What is the best treatment for hypothyroidism?
How do I stop my American Staffy/Kelpie mix from humping my furniture?	How do I stop my Australian Shepherd/Border Collie mix from humping my furniture?
Why do we need to find boyfriend or girlfriend so earlier?	Why do we need a boyfriend or a girlfriend?
How do I attain success in CA?	How do I pass the CA?
What is the importance of epidermis in plants?	What is the importance of the epidermis for plants?
What are all the references to Breaking Bad in Better Call Saul?	What are some Breaking Bad Easter eggs in Better Call Saul?
How do I work with freelancer?	How can I work with freelancer?
Have you ever met a Quoran?	Have you ever met a fellow Quoran?
What should I do to lead a Happy life?	How should and why should I lead a happy life?
What is purpose of life?	What is your purpose of life?
What are good ways to become emotionally independent?	How can I become emotionally independent?
What would be the consequences if Donald Trump became president?	What would happen if trump became the president?
What is the difference between scripting languages and object oriented programming languages?	What is the difference between a programming language and a scripting language?
HOw do I speak Fluent English?	I want to improve my English?
What is the reason behind firing of Cyrus Mistry from TATA group?	Why was Cyrus Mistry removed from the chairmanship of Tata Sons?
Which programming languages are used the most? Why?	Which programming language is the most used nowadays?
What is the difference between mind and brain?	What is the mind and how is it different from the brain?
Which software can download a YouTube playlist?	How do I add videos from youtube to a playlist and then download that playlist?
What are the advanced research topics in structural engineering?	Research topics structural engineering?
What is negative charge?	What exactly is a positive or a negative charge?
What is it that we as Indians are collectively doing wrong?	What is that one thing Indians are doing completely wrong?
Do you love yourself?	Do you truly love yourself?
Why is the moon bright?	Why does the moon glow white?
What are all the online coding bootcamps in India?	What are some of the online coding bootcamps in India?
What is the QuickBooks installation support phone number?	Which is the best quickbooks auto data recovery support number?
What are movies that make you think deeply and/or completely blow your mind?	What are some movies that make you think twice?
What do you think of the 2016 US presidential election?	What do you think about the US election 2016?
Which are the best automation testing tools?	Which automation testing tool is best for mobile testing?
What is the minimum percentage requirement in graduation for SSC CGL?	What is the minimum graduation percentage to qualify SSC CGL?
What is your favorite song or what song do you recommend?	What's your favorite song right now?
Is it possible that a country buy another country's land?	Is it possible for a country to buy another country?
Why does a feather and a weighted ball fall at the same rate when air is taken away?	Shouldn't a bowling ball fall faster than a feather without air resistance?
What is the best way to leverage content across social media channels/platforms?	How can you leverage content across social media channels?
What are the best Executive Education Programs in India?	Which is the best Executive Education Program in India?
Why do many distrust Hillary Clinton?	Why does everyone hate Hillary Clinton?
Which Tamil movie has the most unpredictable ending?	What are the tamil movies with twist ending?
What are the type of forests in India?	What are the different types of forests in India?
Where can I learn to sing online?	Where can I learn to sing exclusively online?
What are the best running shoes?	What are the best running shoes out there?
What are ways I can make money online?	What's the easiest way to make money online?
How do I make India as corruption free?	How can India be corruption free?
Have or will sales of the iPhone 7 suffered due to the removal of the headphone jack?	Will the lack of a headphone jack have a negative impact on the sales of the iPhone 7?
What are the keys to getting a British girlfriend in New York?	How can I get a British GF in New York?
What is the best surprise ever given to you?	What is the best surprise you ever had?
What is YHWH? Why is it written without vowels?	Who is YHWH?
Why does India need a Uniform Civil Code?	Should India embrace the Uniform Civil Code?
How should I stop masturbating?	How can I stop masturbations?
How do you cash a bank cheque?	How can you cash a bank cheque?
What is a good song to lyric prank your best friend?	What song would be great to do a lyric prank on your best friend?
How does Quora mark questions as "needing improvement" within seconds? Is it done by bot?	Why does Quora mark some questions as needing improvement faster than a human can read them?
How do I create a post on Quora and what are some good reasons for creating posts?	What's the difference between using the Write Post feature and creating a Quora Blog?
What are some government job opportunities after graduation?	What are the government jobs after graduation that can be applied?
What are the time slots available in CAT 2016?	What are the time slots for CAT 2016?
Has the Ancient Khmer Empire been scientifically tested?	Have the Ancient Chaldeans been scientifically tested?
What are the pros and cons of homeschooling?	What are some pros and cons of being homeschooled?
What are the safety precautions on handling shotguns ?	What are the safety precautions on handling shotguns proposed by the NRA in Maryland?
I want to own a owl?	How can you own an owl? What are the steps?
What are some products made from crude oil?	What are some of the products made from crude oil?
Should I give up on my dream as a entrepreneur?	Should I give up my dream to be an entrepreneur?
What are some good short term courses for an aspiring Chartered Accountant which enhances their job prospects?	What are some good short term courses that I can do along with CA so that it benefits me and gets reflected on my C.V.?
Is time travel possible after the discovery of gravitational waves?	Do you think time travel is possible?
How do I apply for a scholarship?	How should I apply for scholarships?
What is the best compiler for c language?	Which is the best compiler for c language?
Is there a free WiFi on Rajdhani Express?	Is WiFi available in the Rajdhani Express?
Do my dating rules help me get a girlfriend?	Will my dating rules help me get a girlfriend?
How do I cheat in an exam and not get caught?	How can I cheat in exams?
What can I do with a computational linguistics degree?	What are some jobs in Computational Linguistics?
What is stress & how to management stress?	How can stress managed?
Was there a Hindu genocide by the Muslim invaders of India?	Is the mass murder of Hindus by Muslim invaders historically proven?
How do I really make money online?	What is the easiest way to earn money from online?
How can I get machine learning jobs?	How do I get into a machine learning job?
Where can I find wholesale meat online in Sydney?	How do I order wholesale meat online in Sydney?
What went wrong with the polling in the 2016 US presidential election?	Why were the polls so inaccurate in the 2016 election?
How is money important to society?	Why is money important to society?
Is sex important in love?	Is sex really important in a relationship?
Who is better Donald Trump or Hillary Clinton and why?	Who is better among Hillary Clinton and Donald Trump?
Is anyone fluent in Greek and do you know how to write using the Greek alphabet? Can you translate "I know that I know nothing."	How do you translate the phrase "I know that I know nothing" in Greek?
What is primary purpose of life?	What according to YOU is the purpose of life?
Can you actually spy on someone else's WhatsApp account?	How can I read someone else's WhatsApp?
How would you teach your 2 year old to swim?	How do you teach your kid to swim?
What is the way to increase the height at the age of 21 years?	How girls can increase their height after 18 years?
What is the best laptop under 30000 INR?	Which is the best laptop to buy under 30k?
Which are the top Digital marketing agences in India?	Which is the best digital marketing agency in India?
How do I stop my Pug/Cavalier mix from humping my furniture?	How do I stop my Miniature Pinscher/Chihuahua mix to stop humping my furniture?
What is one thing you caught your son doing that you wish you had never seen?	What is one thing you caught your child doing that you wish you had never seen?
How do I delete a Skype account (permanently)?	How do I delete my Skype account permanently and not just abandon it?
Which is the creepiest song you have ever heard?	What's weirdest or creepiest songs that you've ever heard?
Why don't many people posting questions on Quora check Google first?	Do people post questions in Quora just so that they can skip searching in Google for a few minutes?
How will Hillary Clinton influence the relationship between US and India if she becomes the President?	How would be the economic relationship between India and America if Hillary Clinton becomes the President?
How do I upload profile pic in Quora?	How can I upload my profile picture in Quora?
Can I know if someone blocked me on Facebook messenger?	How do I know if I'm blocked on Facebook messenger?
What are the top 10 things that Indians do not know about India?	What are some things that Indians don't know about India?
What's your opinion about the decision on removal of 500 and 1000 rupees currency notes?	What do you think of Prime Minister Narendra Modi's decision to introduce new INR 500 and INR 2000 currency notes?
Who have been the most influential First Ladies of the United States?	Who has been the most influential American First Lady to date?
Is American Sniper realistic?	How realistic are sniper scenes in "The American Sniper"?
If the superfluid dark matter is what ripples when Galaxy clusters collide and what waves in a double slit experiment then does this relate GR and QM?	Why is it impossible for physicists to understand in a double slit experiment it is the dark matter that waves?
Why does Quora insist that I should ask a question?	Why does Quora require a question mark at end of the question?
What are some good songs to make a texting lyric prank?	What are some good lyric prank songs to send your best friends?
Why cloud computing? What is so great about it?	What is cloud computing?
What cheap temporary housing options are available for a single Singaporean?	I need to find cheap boarding while attending a masters in Singapore. What is available for a single Singaporean?
What enlightment ideas were in the declaration of independence?	What are Enlightenment ideas used in the Declaration of Independence?
What could be the reason behind Arnab Goswami quitting Times Now?	Why did Arnab Goswami quitted from Times Now?
Who will be the next american president?	Who will be the next president of US?
How can I specifically improve my English?	How do I enhance my English?
Why do people use Quora when we already have google?	Why do we need to use Quora when we have Google to search for answers?
What are some of the top travel blogs from India?	Is there any travel blog from India?
I am in first year. In which direction should I start my preparation to clear for IAS exam?	How should I start the preparation of IAS exam from my graduation level?
How can I get into harvard law school?	How do I get into Harvard Law School?
Why doesn't the Indian government sell off the debt-ridden Air India when a lot of private alternatives are available?	Why does not Indian Government privatise Air India?
What is your favorite genre of music?	What are your favorite music genres?
Where can I submit my press release for free?	Where can I submit a free press release?
Why is customer service so important?	Why is customer service important?
Why are people evil?	Why are some people just so evil?
Is 25 too old for med school?	Am I too old to get into medical school?
Do cats love humans?	Do cats actually love their owners?
Why do dogs pee on cars tyres?	Why do dogs pee mostly on tires?
Why do we always see the same side of the Moon from Earth?	Do we only see one side of the moon or does it also rotate?
Why is Copernicus so celebrated in science?	How is Copernicus important to science?
How is replacing 1000 rs notes with 2000 rs notes going to make black money hoarding a lot harder?	How will issuing of new 2000 Rs notes help curb black money and corruption?
Can I get pregnant a week after my cycle?	Can you get pregnant a couple days before your period?
How do I stop hating school so much?	How do I get myself to stop hating school?
Which is the best site for the SSC CGL online mock test?	Which is the best online mock test series for SSC CGL?
What's your New Year resolutions for 2017 and what will you do to accomplish your goal?	What can be my new year resolution for 2017?
What are some of the best whatsapp status?	What is best WhatsApp status you have ever read?
What are the various ways through which one can earn money online?	Is there any easy way to make money online?
Is Node.js the future?	Is Node.js is the future of Web development?
What are some of the best reply to the question "Why should we hire you?"?	What is the best answer for why I should hire you?
What qualities would you look for in a good wedding photographer?	What do you look for in a wedding photographer?
Is Donald Trump purposefully tanking the election?	Is it possible that Donald Trump is in cahoots with Hillary Clinton?
Are most people selfish?	Are all people selfish?
What supplement is a good replacement to viagra?	What is the best otc supplement alternative to viagra?
How can I reach Pune from Mumbai?	How can I reach Pune from Dadar (Mumbai)?
What qualifies as an SUV?	What is an SUV?
How do gross profit and net profit differ from each other?	How do net profit and gross profit differ from each other?
What is the use of electrical engineering/electrical engineers in the banking sector?	How is electrical engineering useful in the banking sector?
Do you think there's life on other planets?	Is there life on other planets besides earth?
How does basalt form?	How is basalt formed?
What are the career options available if I pursue M.Designing after a B.Tech in Electrical engineering?	What are the career options for an electrical and electronics engineer in the IOT field?
Who is currently winning the presidential election?	Who do you think will win the 2016 Presidential Election?
How can I reduce my tummy fat with minimum of efforts?	Which exercise is effective to reduce tummy and belly fat?
What happens when cotton is burnt?	What happens when cotton burns?
Where can I get best property transaction support in Sydney?	Where can I get quality support to make a successful property transaction process in Sydney?
What are some characteristics cellular respiration shares with fermentation?	How do cellular respiration and fermentation differ from each other?
Is time just an illusion?	How is time an illusion?
Why isn't my toilet tank filling up with water?	Why is my toilet tank empty?
How do you potty train large puppies?	How do you potty train Mini Westie puppies?
What's your favorite movie from the 1990s?	What was your favorite movie of the 1990s?
How can I start a business without investing money?	How do you start a business with no money?
What is your favorite job?	What's your favorite job?
How can I improve my English in all aspects?	How can I speak English like natives?
How should I take myself seriously?	How do I take myself seriously?
What makes one so confident?	What makes some people so confident?
What is the difference between a dwarf and a midget?	What is the difference between a midget and a dwarf?
Can people see if you have viewed their instagram?	Is there app to see who viewed your pictures on Instagram?
How does a long distance relationship work?	How does long distance relationship work?
How do I learn hacking from beginner?	How should I learn hacking by myself?
What's a good business idea?	What are some good business ideas?
How does Quora count views?	How are Quora views counted?
How should I start my preparation for the IAS exam?	How do I start preparation for IAS exam?
What will happen to the money in foreign banks after demonetizing 500 and 1000 rupee notes?	How is demonetizing the Rs 500 and 1000 currencies affects Indian economy? How this affect the black money in Swiss accounts?
What is the health condition of Jayalalitha?	What is the health condition of Tamilnadu CM Jayalalitha?
How does Google Maps detect traffic levels?	How does Google Maps collect real-time traffic data?
Which is the best manufacturing company to work for?	What are some of the best manufacturing companies to work for?
What is your long-lasting favourite movie that you never get bored of watching?	What movie could you watch over and over and never get bored?
What did Rahul Gandhi want to prove by calling Modi as 'khoon ka dalal'?	Why is Rahul Gandhi accused Narendra Modi for 'Khoon Ki Dalali'?
Why is my Australian Cattle Dog/Pointer mix puppy afraid of cats?	Why is my Yorkie/Corgi mix afraid of cats?
What do you feel when you dance?	How do you feel when you dance?
What is the unit of photosynthesis?	What is a unit of photosynthesis?
Does exercise help pass meth drug test?	Can you pass a urine test for meth with Suragel?
How can I improve my pronunciation of English words?	How do I improve my overall native English language?
Where is the cheapest to live in the United States?	Where are the most inexpensive cities (and suburbs) to live in the United States?
What's your New Year resolutions for 2017 and what will you do to accomplish your goal?	Do you have any New Years resolutions for 2017?
What are the pros and cons of thr Unity 5 Engine?	What are the pros and cons of Unity?
What can I do to have a better chance of getting accepted into an Ivy League school?	How can I improve my chances of being accepted into an Ivy League school?
What is the speed of our thinking?	What is the speed of thought?
What is the best programming language I should start learning?	What is the most valuable programming language for the future to learn?
What is your question today?	What questions did you ask today?
Could we accept Video games as an art form?	Are video games art? Why or why not? What are good examples?
How are Quora views counted? I can see two answers written at the same time and one has far more views than the other.	How are Quora views counted?
What is the best time to go the bed?	What is the best time to go to bed?
Why are people from the PNW so rude?	Why are people from PNW so rude?
What are some good resources to learn about Intellectual Property?	What are the best resources to learn about the intellectual property law?
Why does Earth rotate and what keeps it rotating?	Why is Earth rotating?
What is the average age of RBI Grade B officers?	What is the average age of people getting into RBI Grade B?
What do you think of the move of banning 500 and 1000 rupee notes in India (Nov 2016)?	What do you think of abolishing 500 and 1000 Rupee Currency notes by the Indian Government?
Why there is a ban of 500 and 1000 notes?	What are the benefits of banning 500 and 1000 rupees in India?
Why are so many Quorans obsessed with IQ?	Why is everyone on Quora obsessed with IQ?
How much does it take to start a business?	How much money do you need to start a business?
How should I learn how to believe in myself and stop with the negative self talk?	How do I stop negative self talk from ruining my academic life?
How do I lose 7kgs in 2 weeks?	How do I lose 10 kgs in 2 week?
What is the best way to clean an engine?	What's the best way to clean an engine?
Is there any site were someone can learn better knowledge in cyber security for free?	Any website where I can learn cyber security completely free of charge?
What is the best manga of 2016?	What are the best mangas of 2016?
How are we connected to nature?	In what ways are we connected to nature?
How did Nostradamus predicts 9/11? Why were his predictions famous?	How did Nostradamus predict 9/11? What other important predictions did he make?
How do you start a hedge fund?	How can I start a hedge fund?
Do mermaids really exist?	Do vampires really exist?
How do I get a thin waist?	How do you get a smaller waist?
How much will a trip to Goa cost?	How much does one week trip to goa cost?
How did South Korea developed to such a great economy.?	How did South Korea become a developed nation?
What are some good ways to write a business plan?	What's the best way to write a business plan?
What programming language should I learn if I want to do a 2D MMORPG game?	What code language should I learn to make a single player card game?
What does "the pot calling the kettle black" mean?	What does the phrase "the pot calling the kettle black" mean?
What happened at the Hillsborough disaster?	How does the Hillsborough disaster happened?
How do you incorporate a company?	What is the best way to register a company?
What are the security features of a new Rs. 500 and Rs. 2000 notes?	How safe is new Rs 500 and Rs 2000 Indian currency notes?
What are the best heritage hotel in Ranikhet?	Which is the best heritage hotel in Ranikhet?
What actually happens in the Bermuda Triangle?	What mystery is hidden in the Bermuda Triangle?
What is the best workout for gym beginners?	What are the best exercise for gym beginners?
Why the suicide rate is high in Japan?	Why is the suicide rate high in Japan? Why do the Japanese take failure so negatively that they are driven to suicide?
Can we attain supernatural powers by meditation?	Is it possible to occupy supernatural powers by meditation?
What is the best way to add users to a group in Linux?	How can I add users to a group in Linux?
What are the best career option for a commerce student?	What are the best courses for commerce stream students after 12th?
Which are the best open source projects one should initially start contributing to?	Which open source projects are simple enough for beginners to start working on?
What are some of the best Hindi short films?	Which are some of the best Indian (Hindi & other languages) short films?
In what ways can I convince my parents for a love marriage?	How can I convince my mom for a love marriage?
Why is farah Khan judging the Indian idol?	Why is farah Khan judging Indian Idol?
Where can I get mix tracks on DJ services in Sydney?	Where can I get mix tracks for any DJ party in Sydney?
What should I get my dad for Christmas?	Whats the best present to get a dad this Christmas?
Which is the best Smartphone under INR 15000 ?	Which is the best android device to buy under ₹15000?
How do you figure out your Facebook password?	How can I figure out a Facebook password?
What are the Best books on Riemann hypothesis?	Which is the best book for Engineering students to understand Riemann Hypothesis?
How do I create my own NPM module?	How can I create my own npm package that can be used by others ?
What are pros/cons of having just one kid?	What are the advantages to having only one kid?
Who is Indian education minister?	What is the name of Indian education minister in 2016?
Why is Quora so much against Trump?	Why does Quora hate Donald J Trump?
When will YouTube Red come to Canada?	When will YouTube Red be available in Canada?
What are the best ways to perform in a group discussion?	How we have to perform in group discussion?
How do I start learning programming while having a full time job?	How do I start learning passionate programming from "zero" abilities?
How do I improve my English speaking?	How will I improve my spoken English?
How fast do we believe the universe is expanding?	What is the speed of the universe with which it is expanding?
What is yellow journalism?	What is yellow journalism? What are some modern day examples?
How do you know if you're gay?	How can you know if you're gay?
What are some characteristics of a pluralistic society?	What are some characteristics of pluralistic societies?
How do I promote a Facebook page without spending money?	How can I boost my Facebook page without money?
What are computer ethics and what are some examples?	What are computer ethics? What are some of the examples of computer ethics?
What professions give you more money?	What are the professions that give you more money?
How did Donald Trump get his money?	Is it true that Donald Trump increased the money inherited?
What do you think about MS Dhoni's decision to resign as a captain of team India from ODI's and T20?	What does MS Dhoni's decision to step down as the Captain mean for the Indian Cricket Team?
Who acquires works of art for hospitals?	Who acquires or purchases works of art for hospitals?
How will scrapping notes of 500/1000 notes bring back the black money in Swiss banks to India?	Does demonitizing ₹500 and ₹1000 notes affect in any way the Indians who stored black money in Swiss bank ?
When a question on Quora is marked as 'needing improvement" does that make it invisible?	Can Quora quote the improvements needed in the questions when it is marked as 'Needing Improvement'?
Is Oneplus 3 a better phone than MI5?	Which mobile phone is better One plus 3 or Xiaomi Mi5?
Which DSLR camera is better Nikon D3300 and Canon EOS 1300D?	Canon EOS 1300D OR Nikon D3300 . Which one should I buy?
Why were gas masks used in 1940?	How were gas masks used in 1940?
How can I effectively lose belly fat?	How do I get rid of belly fat and thigh fat?
What are good business ideas with low investment in India?	What are the small investment business ideas?
What are the things that one should do before they die?	What are some good things to do before you die?
What are the best podcasts should I listen?	What are the best podcasts and why are they so good to listen to?
What does it mean to format a camera card?	What does it mean to format a camera?
How I can speak English with fluency?	What should I do to improve my English ?
How did Donald Trump win the presidency?	How is Donald Trump winning?
What's your life like as a freelancer?	How is life as a freelancer?
How does one write lyrics?	How can I write a song lyrics? What are the steps?
What are the career option after completing of B.tech?	What are the career options available after completing a B.Tech?
What is it like to have first time sex?	What was your first sex experience?
Who would you vote for: Donald Trump or Hillary Clinton?	Donald Trump or Hillary Clinton? Why?
How do I lose weight without doing exercise or diet?	How can I lose weight fast without exercise?
What are the best Shahrukh khan movies?	What is your favorite Shahrukh Khan movie and why?
What are some good resources/ blogs to find out more about the internet of things?	What are the best blogs about the Internet of Things?
What could I do to understand spoken French better?	How can I understand spoken French better?
What movie have you watched that made you think it's life changing?	Which movie had changed your life completely?
Will the US election counts be rigged?	Was the US election rigged?
What is the best platform/media/source to learn digital marketing?	What are good ways to learn to become the best digital marketer?
What are your favorite puns?	What are some of your favorite puns?
Where can I get termite inspections service in Australia?	Where can I get termite inspection service in Australia?
What are the similarities and differences between a President and a Prime Minister?	What is the difference between a President and a Prime Minister?
What is it like working for Deloitte?	Working at Deloitte?
What is the difference between Smoke test and Sanity test?	What's difference between smoke test and sanity test?
Which is the best books to study for gre?	What is the best book to study for the GRE?
How do I take admission in JNU?	How do I get admission in JNU?
Why don't Indians watch Korean dramas?	Do Indians watch Korean dramas?
Is the Aam Aadmi Party's agenda economically comprehensive?	What is the agenda of Aam Aadmi Party?
Which are the best countries for studying abroad?	What are the best countries to study abroad?
Why does Arnav Goswami resign from Times Now editor-in-chief post?	Why did Arnab Goswami resign as the Editor-in-Chief of Times Now?
What is the best way to loose weight quickly?	What are the best ways to lose a lot of weight as quickly as possible?
How do you check your Yahoo! Mail inbox?	What are some ways to check my Yahoo Mail's inbox?
Why did the DSM-5 revamp the diagnostic criteria for borderline personality disorder so dramatically?	Why didn't the DSM-5 rename borderline personality disorder?
What are the impact of inflation in india?	What are the effects of inflation in india?
How can social impact be defined and measured?	How can social impact be measured?
Time Travel Is It Possible?	Is time travel possible and if yes can we travel only in past or future or both?
What's the best compliment you’ve ever received?	What is the best compliment you've ever got?
How successful was odd even plan?	Was odd even formula a successful initiative in delhi?
What's the best smartphone I can get under rs. 15000?	Which is best smartphone below 15000?
Is the Cicret Bracelet a scam?	Is Cicret a scam?
What is the wedding trend for 2017?	What do you think will be the wedding trends for 2017?
What is your favorite romantic comedy and why?	What are some really good and famous romantic comedy movies?
How can I learn communication skills?	How should we improve communication skills?
What is the Balochistan crisis?	What is the Balochistan conflict?
What's the best decision you've ever made?	What is the best life changing decision you made?
Which is the best Alternative Rock band and Why?	What are some alternative rock bands?
Is Singapore a rich country?	How rich is Singapore?
How will the India-US relationship change if Hillary Clinton becomes the President of the US ?	How would be the economic relationship between India and America if Hillary Clinton becomes the President?
How would you know if a girl likes you?	What are all the signs that girl likes you? What are the best of them?
How can I get quick web design clients?	Where can I find potential clients for my web design services?
Is there a way on Quora to ask why a specific question was marked as needs improvement?	What makes a question on Quora needing improvement?
Why do we lie?	Why do human lie?
Why don't people answer my question on Quora?	Why I don't get any answer on my question?
How can I rank my YouTube video on Google first page?	How To Rank Up my Youtube Videos On First Page of Google ?
How do I improve rate of speech when under pressure?	How do I improve upon rate of speech when under pressure?
How can I become entrepreneur before 30?	I am 24. How can I become a serial entrepreneur by 30?
How has the real estate industry been affected in India by the ban of 500/1000 notes?	How will real estate prices be affected in India after banning of 500 and 1000 rupees notes?
How do I get rid of flies in my house?	How can I get rid of a huge house fly?
How do I actually lose weight?	What is the fastest possible way to lose weight?
Is a Degree from an Ivy League University really any different from a Public University?	What things do Ivy League universities have in common? Are they really that much better than public funded accredited universities?
How can I make this world a better place?	How can we make the world a better place for all and for the future generation to come?
Games: Which is your favourite game?	What are your favourite games and why?
What is it that we indians are collectively doing good?	What do Indians do right?
What is your million dollar idea?	What are some million dollar ideas?
How will the ban of old 500 and 1000 rs notes help in bringing out the black money?	How would demonetizing 500 and 1000 rupee notes and introducing new 2000 rupee notes help curb black money and corruption?
What are the best Hollywood movies to watch in 2016 (released ones)?	Which is the best film of 2016 in Hollywood?
How can a mosquito fly inside a moving car?	Why does a mosquito fly normally inside my car while im driving at 70kph?
What is bad design?	What is a bad design?
How can I lose weight loss?	How do I lose weight without quitting?
Have you seen an alien craft?	Have you ever seen an alien?
Which person has influenced your life the most?	Who according to you has influenced your life most?
Which animal has the shortest spine ever?	What is the animal with the shortest spine?
Can I trust Apple or Google with my data?	Should I trust Apple with storing all of my data in iCloud?
What would be the fastest way to get rid of a cold?	What's the quickest way to get rid of a cold?
What is it that we indians are collectively doing good?	What are the things that Indians are collectively doing in the right way?
How do you delete everything in your computer's temp folder?	Can I delete everything in my computer's temp folder?
Which is the best website to learn Java?	Which is the best website for Java Learners?
How do I choose a topic for paper presentation?	How do I choose a topic for a paper presentation?
What is the sexual secret that you can't share with anyone but anonymously?	Secrets: What is that one secret that you can never share with anyone?
How do I get my old WeChat account back?	How do I find my old account in WeChat?
What is the actual definition of Coenergy?	How do you explain coenergy?
What are best books for kvpy?	Which books should be preffered for kvpy?
How can I add pictures on Quora?	How can I add photos to my question in Quora?
How did Ankita Sarkar prepared for the CMI and ISI entrance exam?	How did Ankita Sarkar prepare for CMI Entrance exam? What books did she use?
How can someone access the deep web?	How can I access to the deep Web?
Do weed vaporizers smell?	Does Vaporizing weed smell?
How did the tradition of putting candles on a birthday cake originate?	Why do we put candles on birthday cakes?
How do I ask question? I cant add details more than 300 characters. And if I asked in less than 300 characters, they mark it as "needed improvement"?	How can I add more details when I am submitting a question?
What are the pro and cons of renewable energy?	What are the advantages and disadvantages of renewable energy?
Why don't men wear skirts?	Why can't men wear skirts?
Will I be arrested reentering the US with a bench warrant?	Will I be arrested entering the US with an active bench warrant?
What should I do to become a Top Writer on Quora in 2017?	How can I become a Top Writer on Quora?
I searched product on Snapdeal from that day how I do get ads of that product on some websites and Instagram?	I searched a product on Snapdeal from that day how do I get ads of that product on some websites and Instagram?
Is it worth buying twitter followers?	Is it worthwhile buying Twitter followers?
What are the easy ways to earn money online?	What are ways I can make money online?
What is the best way to get away from frustration?	How can I keep myself away from frustration?
Why is it that cats purr?	Why do some cats purr constantly?
How do I get more traffic on my website?	How do I generate more traffic to my blog?
Why do the people fall in love?	How do people fall in love?
Are Near Death Experiences (NDEs) real?	Is near death experience true?
How can I make myself to get out of my super comfort zone?	How can I push myself out of my comfort zone?
Which countries have the least respect for copyright laws?	Which countries have the most lax copyright and IP regimes?
How do I study properly?	How can I study more time and more effectively?
What programming language should I learn if I want to do a 2D MMORPG game?	What kind of programming language should I learn if I want to debug a game-making website like Zondle.com?
How good is DTU?	How is dtu?
Will Hillary Clinton be able to get Supreme Court justices confirmed in her presidency?	How will Hillary get her Supreme Court judges through congress?
Will demonetization cause recession in India?	Is demonetization will lead towards recession in India?
What is the best WordPress Security Plugin?	What are the best security plugins for WordPress?
Why is the news giving little to no media attention on the pipeline protests in Dakota?	Why are the Dakota pipeline protests getting almost no media attention?
Can I make money online?	What is the best way for making money online?
Hi everyone. I'm a UPSC aspirant. Want to know best history optional coaching in Delhi-Chandigarh region. Thanks :)	Which is the best coaching center for history optional in delhi?
Which programming language should I learn if I want to create (iOS) apps?	Which programming languages should I learn to develop iOS apps?
Which file type is best for music?	What is the best audio file type?
What's it like to have gay parents?	What does it feel like to be the son/daughter of gay parents?
What makes a person join ISIS?	Why would someone like to join ISIS?
How do you make tea with tea bags?	How do you make tea with a tea bag?
When was steel first discovered?	When was steel first discovered and utilized by mankind?
Why are Syrian refugees going to Europe?	Why do the Syrian refugees leave Turkey?
What is the ideal way of loosing weight?	What should I do to reduce weight?
How could I a pornstar?	How do I become an adult pornstar?
What is moderator?	What is a moderator?
What is the best way to prepare for pte?	What is the best way to prepare for PTE (Pearson Test in English)?
What're some good songs to make a lyric text prank?	What is a good song for a text prank?
What is the importance of zero?	What is importance of zero?
How can I accept the fact that I am not good looking?	How do I accept the fact that I am not beautiful?
What devices are used for weight measurement?	What diffrrent methods are used to measure weight and what tools are used to do so?
What is the difference between an internship and a fellowship?	What is the difference between internship and fellowship?
How come my asshole itches?	Why does my asshole itch?
What is the process of casting and directing child actors in powerful films?	What is the process of directing and casting child actors in powerful movies?
What is the best way to turn down someone whose affections you don't return?	How do you turn someone down?
How exactly does banning Rs 500 and Rs 1000 notes curb the problem of black money?	How can black money brought out by discontinuing 500 and 1000 notes?
Which is the best gaming laptop to buy under 60k?	What are the best gaming laptops under INR 60000?
How can I find my career goal and dream career?	How do I find my dream career?
What are easy ways to lose 500 calories a day?	What are some safe ways of burning 500 calories a day?
Why did my guy friend ask me if I have a boyfriend or not?	Why did my guy friend ask if I had a boyfriend or not?
How many medals has India won in Olympics till now?	How many medals India won in Olympics?
What's it like having siblings?	What does it feel to have siblings?
What are abiotic factors in an ecosystem?	What are the abiotic components of an ecosystem?
How can I dramatically improve my grades?	I currently have C's and B's. What can I change to improve my grades?
Is the Indian currency has GPS nano chip?	Is our new currency note of Rs.2000 equipped with nano GPS chips?
Are most astrologers cheats?	Are all astrologers fake?
What are the most useful apps on Google play store?	Which are some useful apps for android on Google play store?
Where can I buy cheap flight tickets?	What is the best way to obtain cheap flight fares?
Can I run gta 5 on core i3 and 4 GB of ram?	Can I play GTA 5 on I 3 processor with 4 gb ram and 2.00GHz prossesor?
What fiction and nonfiction books are essential? Why are they essential to read?	What fiction and nonfiction books are essential?
Can i get pregnant the day after my period ends?	Can you get pregnant 16 days after your period?
Who will win the US presidential elections 2016: Hillary Clinton or Donald Trump?	Who do you think is going to win the presidential elections and why?
How do you create a blog in Quora?	How can I create a blog on Quora?
What might be the next big and bold step of PM Modi after scraping big denominations?	What will be the next move by PM Modi to improve India?
Who are Netflix's biggest competitors?	What are some Netflix competitors?
Was Clinton or John Kerry better as Secretary of State?	Who is/was the better Secretary of State: John Kerry or Hillary Clinton?
Why the water at Indian Beaches are brown and not blue like foreign countries?	Why are Indian beaches brown in colour while foreign beaches are blue and beautiful?
What are some songs similar to Numb (Linkin Park)?	What are some songs similar to "Numb" by Linkin Park?
How is the work culture?	How is work culture?
Why are people so repulsed by incest?	Why are people so against incest?
What is the best way to start conversation with a stranger?	How can one start a conversation with a stranger?
Who will Donald Trump appoint to his cabinet?	Who are the likely members of Donald Trump's cabinet?
Why does time seem too pass quickly as we get older?	Why does time pass faster as you get older?
How can I recover my hacked Instagram account having 6k+ followers?	How can I restore my hacked Instagram account?
Why do people ask questions on Quora while They can get all the answers by Googling?	Why do people ask so many Googleable questions on Quora?
How can I make money from YouTube?	How do I make money from a YouTube channel?
Why didn’t Bernie supporters flock to Jill Stein's campaign after he endorsed Clinton?	Why don't Bernie Sanders supporters choose Jill Stein as obvious positive alternative to Hillary Clinton?
How do I learn how to invest in stock market and mutual funds?	What are the ways to learn about stock market?
What is the best way to learn something new every day?	I want to learn something new everyday. What can it be and how can I change my attitude to do so?
What is the difference between grey and gray?	What’s the difference between between “gray” and “grey”?
How do I make easy money?	Which is the best way to earn easy money?
What are ways I can make money online?	What are the various ways through which one can earn money online?
What is the best way to avoid procrastination?	How could I avoid my laziness?
How should one prepare for IBPS PO interview?	I have cleared IBPS PO Mains 2016. How should I prepare for the interview?
What is a way to make money online?	How could I make money online?
Which are the best movies of 2016?	What movie is the best movie of 2016?
Why did Sundar Pichai become the CEO of Google?	What do you think about Sundar Pichai becoming CEO of Google Inc?
Why is Clinton better than Trump?	How is Hillary Clinton better than Donald Trump?
What are the benefits of stretching?	What are the effects of stretching?
What are the best ways to get rid of acne?	How do I get rid of acne naturally?
Why did Ashoka kill his brothers?	Why Ashoka kill all his brothers?
Who is the strongest person of all time?	Who was the strongest person of all time?
How do I develop healthy self-esteem and confidence?	How do I improve confidence?
How do I get a dreamless sleep?	How can one get a dreamless sleep?
Is it a reality that robots will take over jobs?	Are robots taking over all of our jobs?
What career choice do I have after completing a B.Tech in mechanical engineering if I am interested in space research?	I completed B.Tech in mechanical engineering and want to pursue a career in aeronautical design field. what are the design courses required for that?
How do I lose weight without stopping?	How do I lose weight from 70 to 50?
What is the best way to increase traffic for a new blog?	What is the best way to get free traffic to my website?
How I can become a millionaire?	How should I be a millionaire?
Why doesn't anyone answer my questions on here?	Why some of my questions on Quora not answered by anyone yet?
Is it normal to fall out of love?	How does one fall out of love?
Can I take my arrear exam now?	Can I give my arrear exam now?
Why is America more religious than other rich countries?	Why does America remain such a religious country?
Why is my question marked as needing improvement when it is perfectly clear and well written?	What should I do if my question is being marked instantly as needing improvement but I don't know why?
Do you need a passport to enter Canada from America?	Do U.S. citizens need a passport to enter Canada?
How can I loose 5kgs weight in a week without exercise?	How can I loose weight naturally without doing exercise?
What is cloaking in SEO?	What is the use of cloaking in SEO?
Who's better: Bruce Lee or Muhammad Ali?	Who would win a fight Bruce Lee or Muhammad Ali?
What is nation?	What is a nation?
What are the safety precautions on handling shotguns proposed by the NRA in Illinois?	What are the safety precautions on handling shotguns proposed by the NRA in Pennsylvania?
Why is India an intolerant country?	What is the SCOPE of intolerance in India? How people justify that India is an Intolerant country?
Can I wear ruby in middle finger?	Can we wear ruby in middle finger?
What is the scope of pharmaceuticals in India?	What is the scope of pharmacy in India?
What are the best content management systems out there?	What are the best content management tools?
World of Warcraft (2004 video game): What is it like to play as Human Paladin in World of Warcraft?	World of Warcraft (2004 video game): What is it like to play as Paladin in World of Warcraft?
How do you learn to love yourself?	How can we love ourselves unconditionally?
Is there any thing to prove life after death?	Is there any tangible evidence for life after death?
Is there any factual basis in evidence of psychic abilities?	Is there any scientific evidence of psychics and psychic ability's?
How can I recover my hacked Instagram account?	How can I recover a hacked Instagram?
What should be my exercise routine to lose weight or to get a good shape?	What exercise is the best way to lose weight?
How can I stop trusting people?	How do I stop trusting people?
When will I know I found the one?	How do you know when you've found the right girl?
What are some of the things that I should avoid in my 20s?	What should I avoid doing in my 20s?
Which is the best book to learn programming in C for beginners?	What are the best books to learn c programing language?
Why do humans need sleep?	Do we need sleep?
How is Lipton Green Tea related to weight loss?	How does green tea helps in weight loss?
Is Panda Express considered fast food?	Why is Panda Express considered a fast food?
How can I get job in MNC?	How do I get job in mnc?
Will GST change Indian economy?	How GST will affect Indian economy after it is enacted?
What is on-page SEO?	What is onpage SEO?
What is the story behind your name?	What’s the meaning of your name?
What song is played in comedy central's ad for the show Playing House?	What is the song playing in the backgroung on this add?
Will there always be web hosting that supports PHP?	Will there always be web host providers that support php?
Which are the "must read" books one must go through before getting married?	Which book should one read before getting married?
Is World War III coming?	Is there a war coming?
How do I handle this guy?	How do I handle this guy I like?
Can machines ever replace humans?	Future of Work: Will machines replace humans?
Why do so many people ask questions on Quora.com when they could easily find the answers themselves online?	Why do people ask questions here in Quora instead of just googling?
How can I keep my laptop from turning off by itself?	How can I fix a laptop that keeps turning off by itself?
How can I find a way to grow taller (maximize my height)? I'm 16.	How can I grow taller at 18?
What causes the Dunning-Kruger effect?	What is the Dunning-Kruger Effect?
How do I increase will power?	What is the most effective way to increase one's will power?
Has Hillary Clinton ever lied about anything?	In what major ways has Hillary Clinton lied to the public?
What is the best digital marketing course online for a beginner?	What are the best online short courses in digital marketing?
How do you earn money from internet?	How can I earn money part time online?
What is the funniest thing your dog has done?	What's the craziest/funniest thing your dog did?
Is the United States headed towards a civil war?	Is the USA heading towards civil war?
Why does February has only 28 or 29 days? Why not similar to other months?	Why the month February has only 29 days?
What are the top English melodius songs?	What are the best melodies English songs?
What's the best plan to lose weight?	I'm overweight. How can I begin to lose weight?
Why is salt water taffy candy imported in France?	Why is Saltwater taffy candy imported in Czech Republic?
What changes have you noticed after you started meditating?	What has changed since you started meditating?
How do I score weed in hyderabad?	Where can I find Weed in Hyderabad?
Unhappy when my braces come off?	Not happy when my braces come off what should I do?
What is best food?	What's the best food?
Who was your favorite character in Star Trek series?	Who is your favorite character on Star Trek TV series? Why?
What are the health benefits of eating raw cabbage?	What are the health benefits of cabbage?
Can you lose weight without exercising?	How do I lose weight without doing any sport?
How nerdy is MIT?	How nerdy are MIT students?
How do I manage time to study wisely?	How can manage time for studies?
What is the Navy Corpsman "C" school?	What is a Navy Corpsman?
Which is the best site to download TV Series?	Which is the best place to look for latest TV Series downloads?
How do I find clients for my digital marketing agency?	How a digital marketing agency finds a client?
How can I remove my satellite dish?	How do I uninstall satellite dish?
What made Islam spread around the world faster than any other religion?	How Islam spread around the world?
How can I learn linear algebra well?	How do I learn linear algebra?
Is Chetan bhagat books worth reading?	Why do people praise Chetan Bhagat so much?
Is there a season 7 of The Walking Dead?	The walking dead season 7?
What are the safety precautions on handling shotguns proposed by the NRA in Utah?	What are the safety precautions on handling shotguns proposed by the NRA in Vermont?
What is the difference between sleeping and meditation?	What is difference between meditation and sleep?
Is there a way to get a Facebook ad coupon for free??	How can I get Facebook ad coupons?
Is Einstein an atheist?	Was Einstein an atheist? Why or why not?
Why do most of two wheelers have petrol engine?	Why two wheelers are having petrol engine only and not diesel engine?
What are some of the best ways to thaw lobster tails?	How do you properly thaw frozen Lobster tails?
How can I develop a website builder?	How do I build a website builder?
How can I make High quality video with small file size?	How do you save high quality videos in small files?
What is the difference between a transgender and a transexual person?	What is the difference (if any) between transgender and transexual?
Will we ever become immortal?	Can we ever reach immortality?
What is the most ironic thing that has ever happened to you? Why was it ironic?	What is the most ironical instance that has ever happened to you?
How can I hack a Facebook account?	How can I hack my friend's Facebook account?
What is actual meaning of life?	What is the purpose of life?
Who are the female billionaires of the world?	Who are the female billionaires in the world and what do they do?
What are some good websites to improve reading comprehension?	What are the good blogs/websites to read for for improving Reading comprehension?
How do I study math?	How should I study math?
What is it like to have a high IQ?	What is it like for you to have a high IQ?
How can I improve my English in all aspects?	How can I specifically improve my English?
Which is the best laptop under 40000 INR?	Which is the best laptop to buy under 40000 INR?
What is it like to work in the National Institute of Oceanography?	What is it like to work in the National Institute of Oceanography? What do they do there?
What makes you proud of your country? Why?	What makes you most proud of your country?
What is the best way to learn new words?	How can I learn new words?
What will be the effect of banning 500 and 1000 Rs notes on real estate sector in India? Can we expect sharp fall in prices in short/long term?	How does the demonetized notes of 500 and 1000 effect the real estate?
What's in store for the Republican Party after the 2016 Presidential Election?	After the Trump debacle of 2016 where does the Republican party go from here?
Which one is more priceworthy: the iPod Nano or the iPod Touch?	Would you buy an iPod nano or iPod touch? Which one is more worth it?
What will you do when you ex contacts you?	What should you do when an ex contacts you?
Why did many polls and odds makers fail to correctly predict the outcome of the 2016 US Presidential Election?	How did the 2016 US election polls get it so wrong?
What are the pros and cons of doing MBA?	What are the pros and cons of an MBA?
What is the best way to teach a child how to swim?	How do you teach your kid to swim?
If you follow someone on Instagram can they see how many times you have viewed their profile?	How can I see who viewed my instagram post?
Which is the best blogging platform - WordPress or Blogger to make money online?	How do WordPress and Blogger compare as blogging platforms?
What is the best tanning oil to use for yellowish skin?	What is the best tanning oil to use on yellowish skin?
What separates humans from animals?	Is there no real difference between humans and other animals?
Has anyone had an encounter with a ghost in real life?	Have you ever seen ghost in your real life?
What are the best paying jobs?	What are some good paying jobs?
What is the best website for finding jobs in Dubai?	The best websites to get & find jobs in Dubai quickly?
What are tracer rounds? Are they legal for the public to possess in the state of Hawaii?	What are tracer rounds? Are they legal for the public to possess in the state of Arizona?
What would you like to do with your friend?	What do you like to do with you friend? Why?
What are certain things that makes Indians happy?	What are the things that makes Indians happy?
How do satellite guided missiles work?	What are guided missiles? How do they work?
Which is the most beautiful city in world?	What is the most beautiful city in the world?
What makes your life worthwhile?	What makes the life of an individual most worthwhile?
What is exclusive distribution and what are some examples?	What is exclusive distribution? What are some examples?
What are the best ways to determine ROI for social media?	How do I measure ROI of social media marketing for business?
What are the best Web Hosting discount deals for New Year 2017?	What are some of the good new year web hosting deals for 2017?
Is Amazon better than Flipkart in India?	Do you think Amazon has done a better job than Flipkart in Customer Satisfaction levels?
What are some of the best supercars for adrenaline junkies?	What are the best supercars for adrenaline junkies?
How good is DTU?	How good is Delhi Technological University?
What are some epic movie scenes?	What are some of the most epic movie scenes ever?
Is being poor a choice?	Is being poor is a choice or a destiny?
How can I treat a soft lump on my inner thigh?	How can you treat a small lump on inner thigh?
How did Silicon Valley get its name?	When did Silicon Valley get its name?
How do physical and mental health impact each other?	Is good mental health just as important as good physical health?
Does Jake Williams search up his name on Quora and answer all the questions about himself?	Does Jake Williams answer every question directed at him?
What are some of the sure shot ways of learning more in less time?	How do I learn more in less time?
How will Indian GDP be affected from banning 500 and 1000 rupees notes?	Will the value of Indian rupee increase after the ban of 500 and 1000 rupee notes?
What is a closed circulatory system? How does it differ from an open circulatory system?	What are the most important and crucial advantages of an open circulatory system?
Is Client Servicing a part Marketing?	Is client servicing a part of marketing?
Why is English easy to learn?	Why do I find English so easy to learn?
What is Uniform Civil Code? What are the benefits of it for India?	What will be the benefits of uniform civil code?
How can I cheat on a test?	How can I cheat in a test?
How did Donald trump win the elections?	How did Donald trump win?
What is the best formation in soccer?	What is the best football formation to win?
Why India is not boycotting Chinese products?	Why India can't ban Chinese products?
What is the best way to persuade Trump supporters to change their minds?	What are the best arguments for convincing a Trump supporter to change his mind?
Why do so many people ask questions on Quora that can be easily answered by any number of legitimate sources on the Web? Have they not heard of Google or Bing?	Why do some people on QUORA ask questions that they can easily findout on Google?
What is The Lotus Temple?	What do you know about Lotus Temple?
Is it safe to change your eye color with quadible intergrity?	Can sound frequencies change your eye color?
What are things to do in Jaipur?	What are the must do things in Jaipur?
Who is the most powerful person on the planet?	Who is the most powerful person in earth and why?
Does an LED TV need a voltage stabilizer?	Do you need a voltage stabilizer like V-guard for an LED TV?
How winning money from YouTube?	How can I make money via YouTube?
How do I get an internship from Google?	How do I do internship at google?
What is the difference between an agnostic theist and an atheist?	What is the difference between atheists and agnostics?
What is the best embarrassing moment of your life?	What is most embarrassing moment of your life?
What are some gerunds examples?	What is a gerund? What are some examples?
Why do some people think that the Earth is flat?	Why do some people currently believe the earth is flat?
How much time my Reliance Jio 4G SIM card will take to get activated?	How much time will my Jio sim will take to get activated?
Is it worth buying iPhone 7?	Is iPhone 7 worth the price?
Which is better for me: whey protein or mass gainer?	Should I take a mass gainer or whey protein?
How does your typical day look like?	What does a typical work day look like for you?
How do l study efficiently?	How do you study effectively?
Are seats of AIIMS Delhi going to increase from next session?	Are anymore AIIMS MBBS seats being added to 2017 session?
Is it true that the demonetization of 500 and 1000 currencies in India stopped the latest violances in Kashmir?	5. Is it true that the demonetization of 500 and 1000 currencies in India stopped the latest violances in Kashmir?
How do you talk your way out of an speeding ticket?	What are some clever ways of getting out of a speeding ticket?
What is the expected cut off of upsc 2016?	What is the expected cut off for upsc prelims 2016?
How long does it take to get to Mars?	How long would it actually take to travel to Mars?
Why is there so much moral policing in Indian schools?	Are Indian cities turning into moral policing hubs?
How effective is scrapping 500 and 1000 rupee notes? Will it reduce black money?	How can Modi government prevent black money by discontinuing 500 and 1000 notes?
Which are best places to visit in GOA during vacations?	What are the places in Goa to visit?
I want to know people checking on my WhatsApp profile?	Is it possible to know if someone saw my WhatsApp profile?
Why are you marking my question as needing improvement?	Why is every question I post on Quora marked as needing clarification?
Is there any way to survive a .50 AE Desert Eagle shot between the eyes?	Can you survive a shot between the eyes with a 300 Grain HP bullet from an Desert Eagle.50 from close distance?
What is standard deviation? What are four examples of it?	What is standard of deviation? Why is standard deviation used?
What is the best laptop under 30k for students?	Which is the best laptop below Rs 30000?
Should Donald Trump set up a television network after the presidential election in November?	Will Donald Trump create a news network after the election?
How can I learn the marketing skills?	How can I get good marketing skills?
Who will win war between Russia and US?	Who would win in a nuclear war between US and Russia?
What would happen if Earth had two moons?	What would happen if earth had more than one moon?
Why is Hillary Clinton a better choice than Donald Trump?	Who is better between Hillary Clinton and Donald Trump as a US president?
What type of diets can you follow to lose 5 pounds in 2 weeks?	How can you lose 5 pounds in 2 weeks safely?
What's the sole purpose of life?	What according to YOU is the purpose of life?
Is it ethical to eat meat? Why?	Is it unethical to eat meat?
How should I get started with Machine Learning?	What is the best way to get started with Machine Learning?
Which movies has the most sex scene in Hollywood?	Which movie has the most sex scenes in hollywood?
How do you think about Chinese food?	How do you think of Chinese food?
I'm 44 years old. I want to invest in mutual funds in india. Which is the best mutual fund?	What is the best mutual fund to invest for a long term in India?
Should I be scared if my butt squirts blood every time I defacate?	Why does my butt bleed every time I poop?
How do I see a private Instagram account?	How do I open a private Instagram account?
How do I make money and then retire young?	How can I make enough money to retire young?
When can we test for pregnancy and when to not?	When can I test for pregnancy?
Which consultancy is good to get a job in bangalore?	Which consultancy is good to get a job at Bangalore?
Is Narendra Modi selling India into foreign hands?	Is Modi selling India to foreign companies in the name of development?
Who are honest social activists in India working for people?	Who are some social activists in India and what are their achievements?
Which are the top 10 B-schools in Bangalore? Apart from IIMB which college would you suggest?	What are the top 10 MBA colleges in Bangalore?
Which is the most beautiful country in the world in terms of natural beauty?	What is the most beautiful country In the world? Why?
Is it better to develop a logo in Photoshop or Illustrator?	Why is illustrator better than Photoshop for logo design?
What is the QuickBooks payroll tech support number in Washington?	Which is the best QuickBooks data recovery support number in New York?
What are some rap song suggestions?	What are some of the best rap songs?
What was your first reaction after realizing that Donald Trump is going to win the presidential election while watching polls?	What is your reaction to Donald Trump winning the 2016 US presidential election?
Which are some of the best movies of 2016?	What has been the best movie of 2016?
How to find a person’s name by a photo?	Can you find someone's name from his photo?
Great Music Debates: Which is the greatest rock band of all time? Why?	What is the best rock band of all time?
Which is the best earphone under 1000?	What is the best earphone under 1k?
What does Jimmy Wales think about the prime minister of India - Narendra Modi?	What does Jimmy Wales think of the Indian prime minister?
What is the most logical language out there?	What is the most logical language in the world?
Does everyone have a spirit guide?	Does everyone have spirit guides?
What would be Narendra Modi's next steps to tackle black money after demonetization?	What would be the next step by Narendra Modi to eradicate black money?
What if Germany never invaded the Soviet Union?	What would happened if Nazis never invaded Soviet Union and the Soviet Union join the Axis?
Can you suggest 5 recent malayalam books to buy?	What are the must read books in Malayalam literature?
Why did Quora change its font?	What's with this new Quora font?
What are the advantages and disadvantages of brain drain?	What are the advantages of brain drain?
I want to read about Swami Vivekananda. Tell me one or two good books on Swami Vivekananda?	Which one is the best book to know about Swami Vivekananda?
How does a muscle work?	How do muscles work?
How can I get the word out about my GoFundMe? If I get 1000 people to donate $25 each I would have enough money to easily create my first film.	How can I get people to donate on GoFundMe?
Why is there a limit on question details?	Why does Quora have a character limit in Question Details?
What is the rationale behind introducing 2000 rupee notes?	What is the rationale behind introducing 2000 rupee note by India Government?
What do Chinese people think about Indians?	What do the Chinese people think about India?
How can I write to Narendra Modi?	How should I write letter to Narendra Modi?
What's Stephen King's writing style?	What is Stephen Kings typical writing style?
What is the main goal of a government?	What are the main goals of any government?
What is the best Korean drama?	What are best Korean dramas to watch?
How do I prevent my parents from violating my privacy?	How do I tell my parents I need more privacy?
Whos the best rock band?	What is the best Rock band ever?
What would be your main priority as President?	What would be your top priority if you became president?
What are the best was to lose weight?	How do I lose 15 kilos?
What are the safety precautions on handling shotguns proposed by the NRA in Hawaii?	What are the safety precautions on handling shotguns proposed by the NRA in Maryland?
What are some ways to become a mermaid without water?	What are good ways to become a mermaid?
Should people over 100 not be allowed to vote?	Should people over 96 not be allowed to vote?
How do you know who viewed you video on Instagram?	Can I see my video viewers on Instagram?
Why do I stim and how to stop it?	How do I stop a stimming behavior?
What is the best book for a teen to read and talk about at a pageant?	Whats the best teen book to talk about at a pageant?
How can I send a private message through Quora?	How can I write a private message to one of the users of Quora?
How do I learn to ask the right questions?	How can I learn to ask good questions?
Is it safe to go for a hair transplant?	Is it advisable to go for a hair transplant?
How can I overcome fear of death?	What are some ways I can overcome my fear of death?
How do I get my ex back? (long distance relationship)	How do I get my ex back in a long distance relationship?
When will Pokémon GO release in India?	Why isn't Pokémon GO working in India yet?
How can I transfer money from ATM of one SBI account to another SBI account?	How can I transfer money from ATM of one SBI account to another bank account?
Why are so many questions posted to Quora that are so easily answered by using Google?	Why do people ask such questions here on Quora which could be easily found on the internet?
Can you suggest a best budget phone below 15k?	Which is the best phone below 15000?
What some useful cmd commands in Windows?	What are some useful cmd commands for windows?
Why won't YouTube play my videos in Google Chrome?	Why is YouTube not playing on Google Chrome?
Why are people so rude to me?	Why are people generally rude?
How should I get up early in the morning for studying?	How do I get up early in the morning to study?
Why can't we just block the import of Chinese goods in India?	What if India bans import of all Chinese products?
How do I become a video game developer and good programmer?	How do you become a Successfull Game Developer?
What are some of the most interesting facts about Antisocial Personality Disorder (ASPD)?	What's the most interesting thing about aspd?
How do you get better at writing song lyrics?	How can I write a song lyrics? What are the steps?
What are the different type of Skittles?	What are the different kinds of Skittles?
How do I increase a vehicle's mileage?	How do I increase mileage?
What happens if Hillary gets indicted after the convention and before the election?	What would happen if Hillary Clinton were indicted before the election? Is there a provision that covers a candidate that must be replaced?
Where can I learn C language?	Where can I learn C language for free?
How can I become a good speaker?	How can I become good speaker?
How can I get more views in my YouTube channel?	How can I get Youtube views?
How can the ban of 500 and 1000 rupee notes increase the Indian economy?	What are the economic implications of banning 500 and 1000 rupee notes?
Will Donald Trump be a good President?	Is Donald Trump a good choice for being the President of The US?
What is your most embarrassing moment ever?	What are the embarrassing moment of your life?
What books should one study to prepare for school physics exam?	What books should one study to prepare for a physics exam for school?
How long does THC stay in your urine?	How long does THC stay in the blood of regular users?
What is your favorite romantic comedy and why?	What are some of the best underrated romantic comedy movies?
Do women really enjoy anal sex?	Do girls love anal sex?
What are your some favourite Bollywood songs?	What are your favourite Bollywood songs of all time?
Is it safe to buy a laptop online (specially from Snapdeal or Amazon)?	Is it safe to buy a laptop online?
What is the dashboard?	What is dashboard?
What are the condition to buy any Rolls Royce car except money?	What should be my status to buy rolls royce?
What are the pros and cons of banning currency notes of 500 and 1000 in India?	What are the advantages and disadvantages of 500 and 1000 rupees ban in India?
Why do people continue to vote for Hillary Clinton even though she is a deeply flawed candidate?	How can people vote for Hillary Clinton although she is too disingenuous?
When will Suzuki gixxer sf fi hit the market?	When can we expect Suzuki Gixxer SF FI?
Why is Saltwater taffy candy imported in The Bahamas?	Why is saltwater taffy candy imported in Brazil?
What will happen if Trump becomes the next president?	What is the worst thing that could happen in a Donald Trump presidency?
Can you suggest some excellent documentaries on World War 2?	What are the best documentaries about World War 2?
What does it feel like to be lonely when you're not alone?	How does it feel to be lonely?
Is Kik a safe app?	How should I be safe on kik? Is it safe?
Why do my questions on Quora need improving?	Why does Quora keep marking my questions as "needing improvement"?
How do you make easy money online?	How can I earn money easily online?
How can I earn money on Quora?	How can I earn money through Quora?
How do I run a plant nursery?	How do I get start plant nursery?
What is the best song you've ever heard?	What are the best all-around song recordings of all time?
How do you start a conversation with a girl in public?	What can I do to have a conversation with a girl I like?
Is it possible to develop Android applications fully in python?	Can I make Android apps/games with Python? What are some examples?
Which party is going to win the 2017 elections in Uttar Pradesh?	Who will win the next election in the state of Uttar Pradesh?
What is the best way to make money fast?	What is best way for earning money?
How can I make my dreams come true?	What is the best way to make dreams come true?
What are the best 5 films you have ever watched?	What are your top 5 best movies youve ever watch?
Why do most tornadoes form in Tornado Alley?	What causes the high level of tornado activity in Tornado Alley?
Which can be the best laptop under 30000?	Which laptop is best to buy within the range of 30000rs?
When will the CAT 2016 Admit Card be available for download?	When will the CAT 2016 Admit Card be issued?
How is Tom Hanks in person? What type of person is he?	What is it like to meet Tom Hanks in real life?
How could I make video like YouTube channel myvideospromo?	How does mypromovideo of YouTube make there animation?
How do I start an online business as a 14-year old?	How can I start an online business as a 14-year-old?
What made you watch Doctor Who?	Why do you watch Doctor Who?
How would I go about starting Python?	Where should I start at to learn about how to do Python?
What are the best high paying options after M.Tech biotechnology (salary > 6 lakhs p.a.)?	What are some high paying jobs for a fresher with an M.Tech in biotechnology?
How can I lose post marriage weight?	What is the fastest possible way to lose weight?
What is the best and fastest way to increase your height?	Do running increase your height?
What large websites/companies are using AngularJS 2?	Are there any examples of large companies developing complex enterprise software using Angular 2?
Can emergency vehicles legally run red traffic lights?	Do emergency service vehicles and drivers in your region ignore traffic signs and traffic lights?
What is the best way to improve life?	How you can improve your life?
Can I earn money online?	What is the best way for making money online?
What as your reaction when your heard about the scraping currency notes of INR 500 and 1000?	What do you think about banning 500 and 1000 rupee notes in India?
How easy is it for someone else to find your Social Security number? Can I find it online?	How easy can someone get another person's social security number and where from?
Why do so many people believe Israel is bad?	Why do so many people hate Israel?
Why do I feel fine being single?	Why do I feel contented being single?
Will Hillary Clinton win the US presidential elections in 2016 and prevent us from another war?	How certain are you that Hillary Clinton will win the 2016 election?
Which is better CA and IT?	Which is better CA or IT?
Is it possible to invent the time machine?	Is it possible that one day a time machine would be created?
Why do people ask questions on Quora while They can get all the answers by Googling?	Why do people try to ask silly questions on Quora rather than googling it?
How do I increase height after puberty?	What do I do to increase my height?
How can I learn better in school/ How can I get better grades in school?	What can I do to get better grades next quarter?
When will redmi 3s prime get miui 8?	How do I update MIUI 8 on Xiaomi Redmi 3S?
What contributions to mathematics have been made by Indian mathematicians?	What are some of the most famous Indian mathematicians? What are their contributions?
Which is the best Black Friday hosting offer?	What is the best black Friday hostings offer?
What is the best way to get over unrequited love?	How do I get rid off unrequited love pain?
What is the incident that changed your life?	Which incident has changed your life?
What is the best way to improve my writing skills?	How do I improve my English writing and speaking skills?
What does it mean when a girl looks at a girl and then talks to her mom?	What does it mean when a girl looks at a girl and talks to her mom?
What would you do if you had the power of god?	God: What would you do if you had the power of God for just one day?
Why is forgiving others difficult for some people?	Why is forgiving others difficult for many people?
How do I prepare for the CLAT?	What is the best way to prepare for clat?
What made you want to join Quora?	What made you to join Quora?
What are leguminous plants? What are some examples?	What are some examples of leguminous plants?
Did Buzz Aldrin get upset since he wasn't the first person on the moon?	Is Buzz Aldrin disappointed by the fact that he was not the first to step on the moon?
Why do Indians keep asking questions about what other nationalities think about them?	Why do Indians care so much about what other nation's people think about them?
How can I manage my anger?	How do I reduce my anger?
How do you know if a person is lying?	What are some parameters to know that one is lying?
Why is there so much hatred towards Islam even though it is the fastest growing religion?	Why is there so much hatred towards Islam?
What's the best way to learn meditation?	How can I learn meditation?
Technology: What are the best smartphones gadgets?	What are some of the best mobile gadgets?
How many enterprises are there in the world?	How many enterprise exist in the world?
Does the G spot exist?	Does the female "G-Spot" exist?
How can I cure vitiligo?	Is there any treatment for vitiligo?
How should I get health insurance?	How do I get health insurance?
Is Benjen Stark now a White Walker?	Is Benjen Stark a white walker?
How do I pass a drug test with baking soda?	How do you pass a drug test for meth using baking soda?
Why the hell does Quora mark all my questions as needed improvement?	Why does Quora keep marking my questions as "needing improvement"?
How do I hack gmail account of others without their knowledge?	How do I hack a Gmail account?
How do I find a mechanical engineering job as a fresher?	How do I search for a mechanical engineering job?
What is the best part time job to work from home?	What are some of the best paid part time jobs that can be done from home?
How do I start a business? Where can I get a funding in India if I have a really good idea?	How can I get the funding for my startup without revealing my idea?
What does it feel like to be fired from Google?	Has anyone been fired from Google?
Why the movie named Pink?	What is the meaning of pink in the movie Pink?
Have you ever experienced any paranormal activities?	What is the scariest paranormal experience you have ever had?
What are some of the best substitutes for wine in cooking?	What is a good substitute for red wine in cooking?
Should I buy iPhone 6s or wait to buy iPhone 7?	Should I buy the IPhone 6S now or wait for iPhone 7?
How can I make money on WhatsApp?	How can I make money on WhatsApp or by WhatsApp?
What is it like to work at a casino?	What is it like to work in a casino?
How did the classical mechanics fail?	What is the failure of classical mechanics?
What do you think of the new MacBook Pro that was released late 2016? Is it worth buying?	Will upgrading to the 2016 MacBook Pro be worth it?
How can I make money from Quora?	How do I make money through Quora?
How can one learn to scrap web data using Python?	Where can I learn web scraping using Python?
What would your superpower be and why?	Which superpower would you like to have?
Should I take a gap year during college?	Can you take a gap year during college?
How do I get bigger arms?	How can I make bigger my arms?
How is the density of bituminous macadam calculated?	What is bituminous macadam and how is its density calculated?
What are your views on India banning 500 and 1000 notes? In what way it will affect Indian economy?	What can be the possible effects of removing 500 and 1000 rupee currency notes?
What are the best earphones under 1000Rs?	Which is the best earphone under 1000rs?
What are local winds and how do they affect local weather conditions?	How do the local winds affect local weather conditions?
Does Sony Xperia XA Dual have a fingerprint sensor?	Does Sony Xperia xa dual has fingerprint sensor?
How can Donald Trump win the elections when people hate him so much?	How did Donald Trump win the presidency?
Was Paul McCartney replaced by a lookalike?	Did Paul McCartney die and get replaced?
Can we use ground penetrating radar frequencies with ground based telescopes into solar system planets to see their subsurfaces?	If we use ground penetrating radar frequencies with radiotelescopes could we see what’s beyond the surface of planets?
Are near death experiences real?	Are Near Death Experiences (NDEs) real?
What is most embrassing moment of your life?	What’s the most embarrassing moment of your life so far?
What is the valid reason for India only getting a few medals in the Olympics?	What is the reason of the poor performance of India in the Olympics?
When is jui jitsu going to be an Olympic event?	When is jiu-jitsu going to be an Olympic sport?
How can someone make more friends?	How do I make friend?
What is difference between knowledge and information?	What is the difference between information and knowledge?
How can I improve my English speaking ability?	How can I improve my speaking?
How are controlled variables used in an experiment and what are some examples?	What is a controlled variable in an experiment and what are some examples of that?
What do Western people think about Chinese?	How do Westerners think about Chinese people?
Is it possible at all to develop confidence and self esteem?	How does I develop self confidence?
Why doesn't Quora support emoji?	Why doesn't Quora allow the use of emoticons?
What happens when sodium hydroxide and copper sulfate are combined? Is the reaction dangerous?	What happens when copper sulfate and sodium hydroxide are mixed?
What is the usual way to start learning Machine learning?	What is the best way to get started with Machine Learning?
What is the best programming language I should learn as a beginner?	Which coding language is the best for beginners to start with?
How can I stop myself from being extrovert?	How do I stop myself from being an introvert?
What is the best treatment for hair loss?	What should I do for my excessive hair loss?
Is downloading from torrent illegal in India?	Can I be arrested for Downloading TV series from torrent in India?
What is the best way to make a million dollars?	What are the ways to make one million dollars?
What does the future of work look like?	What will the future of work look like?
What is the best way to control your anger?	How do I control my emotions and anger?
Why do people often ask questions in Quora while they can Google it themselves?	Why do so many people ask things on Quora that they could just as easily Google?
What are some of the most mind-blowing facts about the United Kingdom?	What are some mind blowing facts about United kingdom?
Can dogs eat wasabi?	How can dogs eat wasabi?
What is the best strategy to train my dog to heel or stop pulling on the leash when I walk her?	How do I keep my dog from pulling on the leash while im walking her?
What's something you've built with your own hands?	What are some things that people have built with their own hands?
How do I know if I'm in love?	How do I know if I am in love?
What are the best places to visit in Kerala?	What are the best places to visit on a 3-day trip in and around Kerala?
How can I become a topper in my college class? What is the journey from failure to topper?	How can I become a topper in my JEE class?
How can I make sure that no one can see my friends on Facebook?	How do I hide friends list on Facebook?
How do I convince someone not to commit suicide?	What can one do to convince someone not to commit suicide?
Who won the 2nd U.S. Presidential Debate?	What are your thoghts on the second presidential debate?
What would be the first thing you would do if you woke up as the opposite sex?	What would you do first if you changed to the opposite sex?
What is the best way to download YouTube videos for free?	How do I download or save a YouTube video to my computer?
What is the most believable paranormal experience you have had or heard of?	What is the scariest paranormal experience you have ever had?
Why is the TPP so controversial?	Why is the Trans-Pacific Partnership so controversial?
What are the best books for the preparation of SSC CGL Tier 2 Preparation?	Which is the best book to prepare for SSC CGL tier 2 2016?
Why is Saltwater Taffy candy imported in Hong Kong?	Why is Saltwater taffy candy imported in South Korea?
How did Donald Trump win the 2016 US Presidential Election?	How did Donald Trump won the 2016 USA presidential election?
How can I start a music band?	How do I start a music band?
Which Country is the richest on the planet?	Which is the world's richest country and poorest country?
Should the capital of Kerala be shifted to Kozhikode or Kochi?	Why is Trivandrum the capital of Kerala and not Kochi?
How will you explain Solow's model of growth in layman's terms?	What is a layman's explanation of the Solow growth model?
Is palm oil unhealthy?	Why does palm oil unhealthy?
Is weed harmfull?	Is weed harmful?
How does the Mars rover communicate?	How can we communicate with a mars rover million of miles away and in real time?
How long is boston marathon?	How long is the boston marathon?
How can I get rid of acne and its effect?	What are the best ways to get rid of acne?
I'm overweight. How can I begin to lose weight?	How do I actually lose weight?
Why does high protein diet cause gas?	Why does protein cause farts?
Does Stuart Binny deserve a place in the Indian cricket team?	Does Stuart Binny deserve a place in Indian team?
What is the importance of starter and choke in fluoresent lamp?	What is the Use of choke and starter in a tube light?
Do you have any New Years resolutions for 2017?	What is your New Year's resolutions for 2017?
How can I introspect myself?	How do I introspect myself?
How do I increase my height after 22?	How can I increase my height after 18 years of age?
How does the universe evolved?	Is the universe evolving?
How can I earn from home on phone?	How can one earn from home through his/her phone?
What are the impacts of demonetisation?	What is the impact of demonetisation?
Would there be life on the Earth without the moon?	What would the world look like without the moon?
What is the most efficient and effective way to study?	How can I study?
What is the best book for afcat?	Which are the best books for the AFCAT?
Is it possible to change your eye color?	Is it possible to permanently change the color of the eye?
How can I realistically make money online?	How can I make money online for job?
What is the best programming language I should start learning?	Which programming language is the best nowadays?
Is it possible that a woman can be in love with 2 men at a same time?	Can we love two person at the same time?
How Can I promote this youtube video for free ?	How can I promote YouTube video for free?
What advice would you give to 16 year old you?	What advice would you give your 16 year old self?
What is the best editor for JavaScript?	What is the best editor for JavaScript coding?
What's your 2017 new year resolution?	What Is your New year resolutions in 2017?
How can I get rid of acne and its effect?	How do I get rid of my acne and get nice skin?
What is life in prison like?	What is prison life like?
Is living in the USA worth it?	Is America still worth living in?
How could you identify your talent?	How do you discover talent and identify it?
Is there evidence that the illuminati exists?	Is Illuminati thing real?
What is the best way to kill or remove house flies?	What is the best way to kill house flies?
Should I trust answers on Quora?	Should I trust everything I read on Quora?
What do economist think of Georgism?	What do economists think about Georgism?
What is the best method of losing weight?	How do i lose weight?
Has anyone scored 45+ in GATE ECE by preparing 3 months?	Is there anyone who secured 45+ marks in GATE in last 3 months preparation?
What is the best season of American Horror Story?	Which seasons of American Horror Story should I watch?
What do you hate on Quora?	What is the one thing you hate about Quora?
Can I get pregnant through oral sex?	Does a girl get pregnant after giving a blowjob to a boy?
What's your favorite movies and why?	What are your favorite movies and why?
What are some mind blowing upcoming mobile-phones in 2016?	What are some mind blowing Camera phones 2016 that exist?
Which are best website builder in india?	What are the best website builders in India?
How can I lose belly fat without any exercise?	How can I reduce my belly and hips fat without doing exercise?
Did Quora change its font?	Why did Quora change the fonts?
How do I add topics to a question on Quora?	How do I add a topic in Quora?
How do I stop caring about what people think about me?	How do I stop worrying about future?
What is the best way to compare and contrast meiosis and mitosis?	How do you compare and contrast meiosis and mitosis?
What is the best programming languages in 2017?	What is the best programming language to learn in 2017?
How can one avoid being extremely tired each afternoon?	What can I do to avoid feeling sleepy in the afternoon?
What is your biggest mistake or regret?	What is your biggest mistake?
Does money has more importance in life?	How important is money in life?
How can I remove my photo from Google?	How can I remove a photo of me from Google?
How long do rabbits live?	How old can a rabbit live?
How do I get my iCloud password?	How do I recover my iCloud password?
What is difference between stock and shares?	What's the difference between shares and stocks?
Should I switch my major from economics to psychology if I want to work in HR?	Should I change my major from economics to psychology if I want to work in HR?
How can I learn machine learning?	What is the usual way to start learning Machine learning?
Hike messenger - what is the business model?	What is the business model of Hike Messenger?
What are ETF'S and what is the difference between ETF'S and mutual funds?	What is the difference between ETF and mutual funds?
Will god destroy the devil in the end time or will he forgive him?	Will God forgive Satan?
Why isn't the US dollar weakening?	Why is the US dollar stronger than the other currencies?
Can we produce oxygen like trees and reduce global warming?	Why can't we produce oxygen like trees and reduce global warming?
How can one overcome porn addiction?	How do I self rehab from masturbation and porn addiction?
What are dreams really? Why don't we remember a dream when we wake up?	Why don't we remember dreams after waking up?
What are some good books on defence studies for up state pcs exam?	What are Best books for UP state PCS exam?
How has the real estate industry been affected in India by the ban of 500/1000 notes?	Will real estate and prices of essential goods come down in India after the ban of 500 and 1000 notes?
Are conspiracy theories ever true?	What are some of the famous conspiracy theories that came true?
Why do people love dogs?	Why do some people love dogs so much?
Why do some states have no property taxes?	Why do some states not have a property tax?
Who are the celebrities who are on Quora?	Who are the celebrities who are actively participating on Quora?
What is the first step to take if you want to start a business?	What is the first step anyone will take before stating his/her own business?
How long does it take to write a book?	How long does it take you to write a novel?
Which is the best coaching for SSC CGL?	Which are the best coaching for SSC CGL?
How does it feel to be a Christian in Pakistan?	What is the situation like for Christians in Pakistan?
What are the signs that show a girl loves you?	What are the signs to show a woman really loves you?
What is a way to make money online?	How do I make money from home?
What are your expectations for Christopher Nolan's Dunkirk?	What expectations do you have for Christopher Nolan's Interstellar?
Which is best state in India?	Which's the best state in India?
What are some of the places one must visit in Ahmedabad?	What are some must visit places in Ahmedabad?
What is the easiest method to clean shave bikini area at home?	How do I shave my bikini line?
How can I found local business directories in Australia?	How can I find the local business directories in Australia?
What should I do to earn money online?	How do you make money online?
Why do people like dimples on a person's face?	Why are dimples attractive?
Did the Indian government ban the 500 Rs & 1000 rupees notes?	Banning 500 and 1000 rupee notes is appreciated but why is the government bringing 500 and 2000 rupees again into the market?
Is it important to a boy to have a girlfriend?	Is it important to have a girlfriend in life?
Why do some question and answers on Quora get so much more attention than others?	Why do my awesome questions never get more than 2 or 3 answers when some others get 50 or more?
Scientist that are currently answering is there a cure for cancer? Explain?	Can we cure cancer?
How do I start learning or strengthen my knowledge of data structures and algorithms?	What should one refer to (books or online courses) for learning data structures and algorithms from scratch?
How do i get myself a girlfriend?	How can I get girls to like me?
How can I get rid of my acne?	How do I get rid of pimples on my face?
How does one learn and recall without forgetting?	Which is the best way to learn anything without forgetting?
How do I get over the fear of the unknown?	What is the best way to cope with fear of the unknown?
What are some cool WhatsApp tricks?	What are some WhatsApp tricks?
What songs should I listen to if I hate someone?	What are some good songs to listen to when you hate someone?
Who would win in a fight between Batman and Spider-Man? Why?	Who would win a fight Batman or Spider-Man?
What is the easiest way to gain weight for extremely skinny guys?	I am very thin and skinny . How can I gain some weight within a month?
What are the lamest jokes you have ever heard?	What was the lamest joke you had ever heard?
Why would a guy avoid telling a female that he is single?	Why would a guy avoid telling a girl that he is single?
Can I make money online?	What is make money online?
How do I hack WhatsApp online?	Is it possible to hack WhatsApp messenger?
Why do some people ask questions on Quora that could easily be answered by using a search engine?	Why do so many people ask google-able questions on Quora?
How can I become a good programmer after only one year?	How can you become a very good programmer in only a year?
Why is dopamine important?	Why is dopamine so important?
Who is the best appliance repairs in Melbourne?	Is there any appliance repairs in melbourne?
How I use this Quora?	How do get started using Quora?
How can a person block answers and feed from Indians on Quora?	How do I mute Indians entirely from my feed?
Where is the cheapest place to live in New York City?	What are the best low cost places to live in New York City and why?
How's Modi doing?	How is Modi government doing?
INSEAD: Worth the investment?	Is INSEAD executive worth the investment?
How can I earn money from bitcoin?	How do I Earn from Bitcoin?
What are the best beginner books about Sufism that are not by Idries Shah?	What books should I read to learn about Sufism?
How do I find my real friends?	How can I find real friends?
How does it feel to have an elder sister in your life?	How does it feel to have a Elder sister?
What are some of your New Year's resolutions for 2017?	What can be my new year resolution for 2017?
Would Mr. Donald Trump be a better president than Hillary Clinton?	Who will be a better president Donald Trump or Hillary Clinton?
What is the difference between zumba and aerobics?	What is the difference between Zumba and dance aerobics?
What is the best place in India to work?	Where are the best place to work in India?
Why should I tip my server?	Why do I have to tip the server?
What are the best books for teaching yourself piano?	What are the best books for learning piano?
Why are 500 and 1000 notes being banned in India?	What is the main reason behind abolishing Rs 500 and Rs 1000 notes in India?
What is your New Year Resolution?	What are your New Year resolutions for the upcoming year 2017?
What are some interesting facts about Leonardo da Vinci?	What are some interesting stories about Leonardo da Vinci?
What is the relationship between self esteem and ego?	What are the differences between self esteem and ego?
Can you get a second hand high from someone smoking weed outside?	Can you get high off of second hand marijuana (weed) smoke?
What is the best advice you got from a grandparent?	What is the best advice you got from one of your grandparents?
How do I talk to people?	How do you talk to people?
What are some of the best series from TVF?	Which are the best series on tvf play?
What are some good smartphones under 15k?	Which mobile is better under 15k?
How does anyone get rid from any addiction?	What is the best way to get rid of addictions like Facebook and WhatsApp?
How can I unfollow everyone I'm following on Instagram?	How can I unfollow everyone I'm following on Twitter?
Does the electron have a dual nature?	What is dual nature of electron?
How can I increase traffic to my website using social media?	How can I increase the traffic on my blog (www.midnightexpressions.wordpress.com)?
How can I improve my spoken English ability?	What can I do to improve my English speaking?
Where can I get designer collection of affordable floor tiles in Sydney?	Where can I get affordable shopping experience for floor tiles?
Is it worth buying Kindle in India and what books can one read using Amazon Kindle?	Is a Amazon Kindle really worth the money or Can I just use my Nexus tablet with Amazon kindle app to read the books?
Why is semen white?	Why is semen universally white?
What are the future trends of chemical engineering?	What is the future of chemical engineering?
Which is the best camera for short film shooting?	What is the best camera to shoot short films?
If dark matter strongly interacts with matter then is it what waves in a double slit experiment?	Is de Broglie's subquantic medium the strongly interacting dark matter which fills 'empty' space? Is it the DM that waves in a double slit experiment?
What should I do when I have nothing to do?	What do you do when you've nothing to do?
What do you think about the Modi's sudden decision to scrap 500 and 1000 rs denomination?	What do you think about RBI's new move of banning 500 and 1000 notes?
How does Quora intend to generate revenue?	How do Quora generate revenue?
What is the latest update in google algorithm in terms for SEO?	What are Google algorithmic updates in terms of SEO?
What are the symptoms of being under depression?	What are symptoms of depression?
What will black money owners do after the banning of 500 and 1000 rupee notes?	What are some interesting reactions of people who you know own black money after the ban on 500 and 1000 rupee notes?
Why do some students cheat during tests and exams?	Why do some students cheat on tests in the US?
What are the best gadgets on 2016?	What are the best gadgets of 2016?
Do you how do you get meth out of your system?	How can I get meth out of my system ASAP?
Do I have to pay the bond amount to Ericsson if I don't want experience letter from it?	Do I have to pay the bond amount to Ericsson if I don't want experience letter?
Should I start my company as an LLC or sole proprietorship? Why?	Should I form an LLC or sole proprietorship for my business?
How will the new currency notes of denomination 500 and 2000 curb black money?	How will scraping of 500 and 1000 rupees notes help in curbing corruption and black money?
Do women like being gang banged?	Do women want gang bangs?
How do I get friendzoned?	How can I get friendzoned?
How can I hack other's Whatsapp account remotely?	Where do I start if I want to hack someone's WhatsApp conversations?
How can I grow my web development business?	How do I get live clients for my start up web development agency?
How would I dress like a workout guy from the year 1990?	How do I dress like a workout guy from the year 1990 in the summer?
What GATE rank is required for taking a PhD from IISc in ECE?	How high a GATE ranking is required for doing a PhD from IISc with ECE?
Why did Arnab Goswami resign from Times Now?	Why Arnab Goswami resigned times now?
What are some technologies that can reverse global warming?	Can we reverse the damage we have done to the earths environment that is causing global warming?
How do you know when it is time to retire?	How do you/did you know it was time to retire?
What is the best way to meet new people?	How can I meet people?
I had an older woman fondle me in my shiny nylon shorts when I was 10  to the point of orgasm!  I just wonder why had I developed a fetish for them?	I HAD CUM IN SHINY NYLON SHORTS WHEN I WAS 12... I NOW HAVE DEVELOPED A FETISH FOR THEM.. WHY?
How should I forget my ex boyfriend?	How do I forget my ex completely?
If "time" does not exists, why do people still believe that “time traveling” is possible?	Why do some people still believe the possibility of time travel?
What do Australians think of Chinese?	What do Australians think of China?
Why do many people call Hillary Clinton a "crooked" liar? What did she lie about?	Is Hillary Clinton a pathological liar?
What are the repercussions of 500 and 1000 rupee notes not being legal tender anymore?	How will the ban on Rs 500 and 1000 notes impact the Indian economy?
Is Azusa Pacific University an LGBT friendly school?	Is Azusa Pacific University accepting of LGBT people?
What makes you feel so proud of yourself?	What makes you feel so proud?
Does Gary Johnson have a chance?	What would be required for Gary Johnson to win?
Why is Hillary Clinton worse than Donald Trump?	Who is the better candidate for being the President of the United States of America: Hillary Clinton or Donald Trump?
Are there any cheap places to stay in Goa?	Which is the best cheap beach resort in Goa?
What are some weird questions you have come across in quora?	What are some of the weirdest questions you have seen on Quora?
How can I create an operating system?	how can i build my operating system?
Now that Trump has won and Republicans control everything what do you think will happen in the following 4 years?	What will happen now that President-elect Donald Trump has won the election?
Where is the proof of alien life?	Do we have proof for extra terrestial life?
How can I become a good conversationalist?	How can I be the best conversationalist?
Dress code for interview at Amazon?	What's the dress code for an interview at Amazon?
What is the best cartoon ever and why?	What are the best cartoon characters?
Why are so many questions posted to Quora that are so easily answered by using Google?	Why do so may people ask questions on Quora that can easily be found by a simple Google searh?
Are soulmates real? If so when will I know that I found her?	Are soulmates real?
How do I book an airplane ticket online?	How do I book airline tickets through online?
What is the best advertising models of education informative websites?	What is the best advertising model of education informative websites?
How will it affect international students coming to the US for undergraduation now that Trump has become the President?	Will international college students be negatively affected if Trump becomes president?
What is the biggest lesson that life has taught you?	What is the best lesson life has taught you?
Which is the best Test Series SSC CGL Tier 2 exam?	Which are some of the best online test series for SSC CGL tier 2 exam?
Why shouldn't I vote for Donald Trump?	Why should the people not vote for Donald Trump?
Is it likely to get pregnant during day 3 of my period with unprotected sex?	If I have a 6 day period can I get pregnant just after it ends?
How can I lose an extreme amount of weight?	How should one change their diet to lose weight?
Why did Bernie Sanders lose to Hillary Clinton?	Why did the USA choose Hillary Clinton over Bernie Sanders?
How does one earn money online without an investment from home?	How can I make money online consistently?
What do you think of BuzzFeed？	What do you think of Buzzfeed?
How can I loose weight in a week?	How do I reduce weight rapidly?
What is the best book for Data Interpretation?	What are the best books for data interpretation?
Where can I get best qualities outdoor tiles in Sydney?	Where can I get a huge choice of high quality wall and floor tiles in Sydney?
How does astrology work for you?	How does astrology work? What are its basics?
Is UMass-Lowell a good school for computer science?	Is Umass lowell good for computer science?
Why was Trump elected President?	Why did American people elect Donald Trump as their president?
What are the most effective ways to improve digestion?	How can we improve our digestion?
How do I learn the Data Structure effectively?	How can I learn data structures effectively?
What is the meaning of life? Whats our purpose on Earth?	What do you feel is your purpose in life?
What is the difference between respiration and cellular respiration?	How does photosynthesis compare to cellular respiration?
Which is the best laptop I should buy under Rs.60000?	What are the best laptops for under 60k rs?
What should we do to be best software developer?	What is a good way to become a good software developer?
What is the best book to read to learn Java?	Which is best book for Java?
What is PPF account?	How does PPF works?
When should I register for CPT June 2018 old CPT exam?	When should I register for CPT june 2018?
What are some movies that are as good as The Shawshank Redemption?	What are some other movies like "The Shawshank Redemption"?
Why is Putin in Syria?	Why is russia in syria?
What is difference between patriotism and extreme nationalism and racialism?	What is the difference between a nationalist and a patriot?
How can I get rid of a wart around my fingernail?	How can I get rid of a wart near my fingernail?
What are the safety precautions on handling shotguns proposed by the NRA in the entire U.S. including it’s territories and possessions? 2	What are the safety precautions on handling shotguns proposed by the NRA in Kentucky?
Where can I get custom lanyard design in Melbourne?	Where can I get different types of designer lanyards in Melbourne?
What is the best thing to do to start being involved in open source projects?	How can I contribute to open source development?
Can 2+2 be five?	Can two plus two equal five?
What is website that mechanical engineering students should visit?	Which is the best website for online study of mechanical engineering?
How many degrees of freedom are there in the universe?	How many degree of freedom is there in an universal joint?
My question was marked as needing improvement! What does it mean? How do you mark other questions for improvement?	What makes a question on Quora needing improvement?
What countries have the best practices and educational system?	Which countries have the best education system and why?
How can I log into Facebook without putting in a password?	I forgot my Facebook and email password. How can I log into Facebook?
Which country is best suited for doing an MS in ECE?	Which is the best country to do MS in ECE?
How can I make online friends?	How do I make online friends?
What do you think of Arvind Kejriwal's latest allegation against PM Modi ji accusing him for taking bribe of Rs 25 Cr as Gujrat CM from Aditya Birla?	What do you think of Arvind Kejriwal's accusations on Narendra Modi about taking bribe from Aditya Birla Group?
Why is my Miniature Pinscher/Chihuahua mix afraid of cats?	Why is my Australian Cattle Dog/Pointer mix puppy afraid of cats?
What are some most overrated answers in Quora?	Which is the most overrated answer you saw in Quora?
Why do some people have sweaty palms?	Why do some people have sweaty hands (including me) while others don't?
What are the benefits of online internet banking?	What are the benefits on online banking?
Can we expect time travel to become a reality?	Is time travel theoretically possible?
What will be Hillary Clinton's foreign policy towards India if she comes into power in 2016?	What will be the Hillary Clinton's India policy if she become the president of USA?
What are the biggest problems in India?	What is the biggest problem in India? Who suffers the most in India?
How can I exchange Rupee notes for dollars in USA?	How can a foreigner (non-Indian) exchange 500 and 1000 rupee notes in the United States?
What's our purpose of life in this world?	What is my purpose in life? Why is there life on Earth?
How can I create some antimatter at home?	How do you create an antimatter material?
Why do people ask questions on Quora that can easily be answered by Google?	Why do so many people ask questions on Quora instead of searching the answers on Wikipedia?
What are some real life examples of karma?	What's the best real life karma you've ever seen/experienced?
What is link juice?	What is link juice in seo?
Can Gary Johnson win the presidency in 2016?	Does Gary Johnson have any chance left at winning the presidency?
Is World War 3 coming?	How likely is World War III in the future?
What positive lessons can Muslims and Jews learn from each other?	What can Muslims and Jews learn from each other?
What book is the best to learn Urdu?	What are some good books to learn Urdu?
How do I delete Facebook account?	How can I delete my account on Facebook?
What are few monuments in pripyat?	What are some monuments in Pripyat?
Why do people ask questions on Quora while They can get all the answers by Googling?	Why do some people ask simple direct science questions in Quora when there are sufficient resources available in internet?
How can I lose weight effectively?	How do I lose 15 kilos?
What are some of the best responses to "Sell me this pen/water" in a job interview?	What are some of the best responses to "Sell me this pen/pencil" in a job interview?
Are cats really affected by the full moon?	Are cats affected by a full moon?
What's the best way to gain muscle naturally?	Can I gain muscle naturally?
What is coding used for?	How is coding useful?
How do you become the top writer on Quora?	How does someone become a top writer in Quora (criteria)?
Which is the best sports bra?	Which one is the best sports bra?
What can I do to improve my English speaking?	How I can speak English fluently?
What was the deadliest battle in history?	What was the bloodiest battle in history?
How can I work in Microsoft?	How do I get job in Google or Microsoft?
What is the best glue for a shoe sole?	What is the best glue for shoe repair?
What is the very first step to work as freelancer?	What is the first step for freelancing?
How do I prepare for the KVPY SX?	How do I have to prepare physics for KVPY SX?
Do spirts or ghosts exist?	Is there any ghosts in real life?
How is Quora dealing with spam?	How does Quora deal with spam?
What is the best diet plan for weight loss?	What are the good diets for weight loss?
Are we near the end of times?	Are we in the end of days?
How can I publish my articles in the newspapers?	How do I publish articles for newspapers?
What is the best way to prepare for TCS Aptitude Test?	How do I crack the TCS aptitude test?
Is life really fair?	Is life fair?
Who would play you in a movie of your life?	What actor would play you in a movie about your life?
How do move on from an intense break up?	How do you cope with an intense break up?
How most of Bangladeshis take separation from Pakistan as good decision or bad?	How most of Bangladeshis take separation from Pakistan as good decision?
What are some mind wallets for safety that most people don't know about and should have?	What are some mind-blowing futuristic wallets that exist that most people don't know about?
What is it like to stay in pune?	What is like to live in pune?
What is suggested under the search bar in Instagram based on？?	Why do people I don't follow on Instagram show up in the search bar when I type one letter?
Do color blind people dream in color?	Do blind people dream in colour?
What is the best book to learn to program?	What is the best book for programming?
Can any state secede from United States?	Why is it impossible for a state to secede from the Union?
How can I get rid of the white stuff I have under my tongue?	How do I get rid of the white stuff on my tongue?
Should I learn PHP or node.js?	Should I start learning PHP or Node.js?
How do I leave a girl without hurting her feelings?	How do I breakup with a girl without hurting her feelings?
How can I earn money through YouTube?	How can I earn money in YouTube?
Why does Quora have a character limit for question titles and details?	Why did Quora limit question details to 300 words?
What according to you is the point of life?	What is really the point of life?
Which languages should one know about to work with augmented reality?	Which programming languages should one know about to work with augmented reality?
What is the minimum marks required in Neet exam for getting MBBS seat?	what is the minimum marks required in Neet exam for getting mbbs seat ?
How do we control our emotions?	How do I gain emotional intelligence and control my emotions?
What does the universe expand into?	Where is this universe expanding?
What is the QuickBooks technical support phone number in New York?	Which is the best QuickBooks Tech Support Number in North Dakota?
What are famous street foods of each state in India?	What street food is famous in India?
How big is the average penis?	What is the average sized penis?
Which are the best books to prepare for the GATE electrical engineering?	What is the best electrical engineering book for Gate exam?
What are some small business startup ideas?	What are some small business ideas?
How can I meet Sir Narendra Modi Ji?	How to meet Prime Minister Narendra Modi?
Why is still India a developing country?	Why ia India still considered as a developing country?
How does currency devaluation help increase a country’s exports?	How does currency devaluation helps exports of that country?
What is the most common reason people start smoking?	Why do I want to start smoking?
What TV series do you watch and why?	What TV series are worth watching?
How are convex mirrors used?	What is a convex mirror? What are their uses?
How can I add an upload button to a Google Form?	How do I add an upload to a Google form?
How will the new currency notes of denomination 500 and 2000 curb black money?	How can discontinuing 500 and 1000 rupee will help to control black money?
Will you support the Bharat Bandh on 28th of November and why?	Should we support " Bharat Band" on Nov 28?
How can I get in touch with underground hackers?	How can I get a hacker?
When was the first time you saw some one naked?	When was the first time you saw someone naked? What did you do?
Does jock itch medicine have the capacity to mutate or damage sperm?	Will medicine for jock itch damage & mutate my sperm?
Is it possible to fall in love with more than one woman / girl in the same period of time?	Can a person be in love with two persons at a same time?
How can you track text messages?	What are some ways to track a text message?
Why are people obsessed with Cara Delevingne?	Why are people so obsessed with Cara Delevingne?
Why do I always fear death?	Why do you fear death?
How do I become a cold hearted and an emotionless person?	How can I become a cold hearted person?
Why is Saltwater Taffy candy imported in Spain?	Why is Saltwater taffy candy imported in Germany?
What is the likelihood of Donald Trump defeating Hillary Clinton and winning the 2016 US Presidential election?	Do you think Donald Trump will win 2016 presidential election?
Which is the best laptop to buy above ₹25000 and below/upto ₹30000?	Which can be the best laptop under 30000?
Is it real that new currency note in India will have GPS chips?	Is that true 2000 note has embeded with GPS chips?
How can I have a successful long distance relationship?	What does it take for a successful long distance relationship?
How long after smoking a small amount of meth is it first detected in a urine test?	How long can meth be detected through a urine drug screen?
My 13 year old daughter wants to have either the iPhone 6s in 64GB or iPhone 7 in 32GB. Both of them have the same price. Which one should I get her?	My 13 year old either wants iPhone 6s or 7. Which one should I get her?
What exactly is an A2A?	What is an A2A?
Why did the Indian government ban Rs. 500 and Rs. 1000 currency?	What is the logic behind scrapping of 500 and 1000 rupee notes by the Indian Government?
How could we know that we are falling in love?	How do you know if you're in love?
Where can I find a hacker?	How do I contact a real hacker?
What happens if the earth suddenly stops to rotate?	What will happen if the earth stops rotating?
How do know if you're alive or real?	How do you know you're alive?
What should Indian Students pack while going overseas for studies?	What do Indian students pack when they go abroad?
What are some common examples of computer hardware components?	What are the different computer components? What are their functions?
How are ADHD and Autism different?	How does autism with comorbid ADHD manifest differently from autism or ADHD alone?
Which is your favourite photo of yourself?	What are your favorite photos of yourself?
What are the best way to gain confidence?	How do I gain self confidence?
Is time travel possible? If yes how	Will time travel be possible in future?
Are humans truly from another planet?	Did humans come from another planet?
What should I study or learn if I want to be a data scientist?	How can I become a data scientist?
Which is the worst airport in the entire world?	What is the worst airport in the world?
Daniel Ek: Why spotify is not available in India for free?	Daniel Ek: Why hasn't Spotify come to India yet? When is it launching in India?
What is the best business fields to get into?	What is the best business to start these days?
Who are Airbnb rivals?	Who are the competitors to AirBnB around the world?
How should air pollution in Delhi be reduced?	How can we curb pollution in Delhi NCR?
What are the best websites for bank exam preparation?	Which is the best web site preparing for bank exams?
How are the video games made?	How are computer games developed?
How can I get my wife to perform oral sex on me?	How can I get my wife to give more oral sex?
What do Pakistani people think about the Uri attack on 18th September 2016?	What is Pakistani youth thinking about the latest Uri terrorism attack?
How winning money from YouTube?	How can I earn money from YouTube?
Finance: Which is the best way to learn about stocks?	What is the best way to learn about stock market?
What makes you proud of being an Indian?	Why are you proud to be an Indian?
How do I edit the subjects in my feed on Quora?	How do I edit my feed on Quora?
What do you think of when you think of home?	What do you think when you think?
Should I invest in Bitcoin?	Should I buy bitcoin?
What are some good side dishes to serve with homemade Mac and cheese?	What are some great side dishes that go well with mac and cheese?
How long should a short story be?	How long can short stories be?
What unique technology is in a Redbox machine?	What is the unique technology of redbox?
What's your favorite hobby?	What is your favorite hobby?
Why is China blocking the move at UN to ban Masood Azhar as terrorist?	Why does China constantly block India's proposal at the UN to list Masood Azhar as a designated terrorist?
Is there any way how to improve my life?	How do I improve my life?
Which is the oldest living language in the world? How does it survive?	What are all the oldest languages in the world?
Will BJP win UP Elections in 2017? What strategy should they use to win the voters' trust in UP?	Will BJP win in the 2017 UP Elections?
Which is the best beard oil in india?	What are the top 5 beard oils in India?
What are the PPF benefits?	Can we invest in a PPF account as installments?
What are your New Year's resolutions for 2017?	What Is your New year resolutions in 2017?
What is the selection process for TCS?	What is TCS selection process?
How can I Increase the traffic of my blog?	What is the best way to increase traffic for a new blog?
Who are some of the most intelligent celebrities?	Who are some high intelligent celebrities?
Will we still have the internet without net neutrality?	Without net neutrality will the internet die?
What are some ideas for a college graduation gift for a girlfriend?	What's a good graduation gift for my girlfriend?
When did you realise you have grown up?	When did you realize that you've grown up?
Can you tell if a person is gay?	How do I know your gay?
Why are people protesting the Dakota access pipeline?	What exactly is the problem with the Dakota Access pipeline?
What is your best Prisma picture?	What is your best Prisma pic?
What is a popular belief that you disagree with?	What commonly held opinions or beliefs do you disagree with?
How can I find someone I met if I only know their first name and what town they live in?	How can I find someone by their first name and town they live in?
Dance (activity): What are good places for Bachata in the San Francisco Bay Area?	What are some good places to dance bachata in San Francisco?
How much income should I invest in the share market? What are the ways to start investing?	What are the ways to start investing in Share Market?
What are the steps required for an MS in the USA?	What are the steps required to do MS in the USA?
Which is better: Game of Thrones or Mahabharat?	Which is better: Mahabharata or Game Of Thrones?
Why do they ask us to keep the window shades up while the flight takes off?	Why do flight attendants ask to open the window shades?
How can I get rid of acne and scars?	How do I get rid of scalp acne?
Why do people ask such stupid questions on Quora?	Why do people ask dumb questions on Quora?
How would you start a drone business?	How would one start a drone startup?
What are the contributing factors that predispose a person to borderline personality disorder?	What causes borderline personality disorder? What are the symptoms?
What is the best way to talk English fluently?	What the best way to improve English?
How will the ban on Rs 500 and 1000 notes impact the Indian economy?	How will the ban of 1000 and 500 rupee notes affect the Indian economy?
What is the most probable cutoff for KVPY SA 2016?	What is the expected cut off for KVPY SA 2016?
Will real estate and prices of essential goods come down in India after the ban of 500 and 1000 notes?	How will real estate prices be affected in India after banning of 500 and 1000 rupees notes?
How banning 500 and 1000 rupee can affect black money?	Will the ban on 500 & 1000 rupee notes really work against corruption?
How will I start loving myself again?	How does one start loving the self?
What will be the best place in Sydney to buy any fire-resistant Roller Shutter?	Where can I found fire-resistant roller shutters in Sydney?
What is something you wish everyone knew about you?	What's something you wish people knew about you?
What is the best thing you have ever eaten?	What is the best/most memorable thing you've ever eaten and why?
How do I memorise facts and figures of static GK for MBA entrance exams?	How do I memorise facts and figures of static as well as dynamic GK for MBA entrance exams?
How I hack Facebook account?	What is the easiest way to hack Facebook account?
Who is the best English romantic poet?	Who is the best English Romantic Poet ever?
Which are the best colleges for pursuing BA or B.Sc in Economics (honors) in India?	What are some of the best government colleges for economics graduate programs in India?
What will happen if supreme court removes the ban on 500 and 1000 rupees note?	Can the Supreme Court of India interfere on the banned of 500 and 1000 notes by the government?
What are the safety precautions on handling shotguns proposed by the NRA in Georgia?	What are the safety precautions on handling shotguns proposed by the NRA in Maryland?
How should I make my birthday a special day?	How can I make a birthday a special day?
Which is the best smartphone to buy for 15000 INR?	Which phone is best to buy under 15000?
What is the best way to search within Quora?	Is there any search or browse facility for the questions on Quora?
Why do I get a feeling that Zee News is pro BJP/Modi all the time?	Why is ZEE News so anti-AAP?
What are the five tallest trees in the world?	What is the tallest tree in the world?
Do all atheists believe life has no purpose beyond basic biological function?	Do atheists believe that there is 'purpose' in life?
Is marijuana bad?	Is marijuana bad for you?
When is the best time to apply for TAMU MIS fall 2017?	When is the optimum time to start application for TAMU MIS fall 2017?
Are there any theories on what caused the big bang?	What are some theories as to what could've precipitated the Big Bang?
At what age did you first realize you were gay/bisexual and how did you realize it?	When/how did you realize you were gay/bisexual? Were you in denial?
Do you believe there is a soul mate for everyone in this world?	Do you believe every person has a soul mate?
How do you earn money from internet?	How can I earn money online from home only?
What is something you never do?	What is something you have never done?
How can I make my girlfriend's birthday special if I don't have much money?	I have no money but my girlfriend's birthday is coming up?
Why does India introduce 2000 rupee note?	Why is the RBI issuing 2000 rupee notes?
What are the best seasonings for ground beef?	What are good seasonings for ground beef?
How do I take apart a Fujifilm X10 digital camera?	How do I take apart my broken Fujifilm X10 digital camera?
What is the purpose of life? Why are we here?	Wanna ask someone please. What is life? And what is the purpose of our life?
What is meant by the phrase "rock on"?	What is the meaning of the phrase "rock on"?
What is the worst that could happen with Trump being president?	What is the worst thing that could happen in a Donald Trump presidency?
How can I trademark a made up word?	How do I trademark a word I made up?
What is an intuitive explanation of Eulers identity?	What is an intuitive explanation of Euler's identity?
Why does OCD cause depression?	Can OCD cause depression?
Does Hillary Clinton have Parkinson's Disease?	Does Hillary Clinton have Parkinson's?
If a dead body is suspended in free space then will it remain as it is forever?	Can a dead body decompose in outer space?
What are the best ways to start writing a story?	What are some good ways to start off a story?
What are macromolecules? What are some examples?	What is macromolecule and what are some examples?
What are the best ways to lose weight?	How should one change their diet to lose weight?
What was Charlie Chaplin like in person?	What was Charlie Chaplin like?
Do the old people set good examples in society?	Do the old people set a good exanplae in our society?
What uses does ultraviolet radiation have?	How is ultraviolet radiation used?
What is the best graphics card under Rs.7000?	What graphics card should I buy under Rs. 7000?
How do I clean air conditioner coils?	How do you clean an air conditioner's evaporator coils?
How do you tell the difference between a crush and a love?	What is the difference between a crush and a love?
How do i get started on machine learning?	How do I start learning machine learning?
What are the best places for honeymoon in February?	What is the best place to honeymoon in February?
What is the best gift you have recieved from someone?	What is the best gift you ever received?
Who named Dhoni's shot as helicopter shot?	When did Dhoni's helicopter shot get it's name?
Which is best online grocery store in Chennai? Any list?	Which is the best online grocery store in Chennai?
Which is the best book for the IAS exam preparation?	What is the best book of preparations for IAS exam?
What are the chances of getting pregnant on birth control?	What are the chances of getting pregnant when you are on birth control?
What is Quora doing to grow its user base?	How does Quora plan on growing its user base?
What should Indian youth not learn from Katrina Kaif?	What should Indian youth not learn from poonam pandey?
Why is the theme of the time travel so fascinating?	Why is time travel so fascinating to you?
How can you earn a living on Quora?	How can I earn money through Quora?
How does WhatsApp make money?	How do messaging apps such as WhatsApp make money?
What are some of the best ways to understand the people?	What is the best way to understand peoples’ behavior?
What is the best way to reduce belly and arm fat?	What is the best way to reduce abdominal fat?
What does Trump's popularity tell us about America as a country?	What can Donald Trump's popularity tell us about American values?
How does it feel to be sentenced to death?	What does it feel like to be sentenced to death?
China and Pakistan have proposed to India to join the CPEC. Should India join this project?	Should India join the CPEC?
How do I get 330 in the GRE?	How do I get 330 in gre?
Is there any life in Mars?	Do you think there is life on Mars?
What are the best ways to teach kids how to read?	What is the best way to teach a child to read?
Could the bombing of Dresden be considered a war crime?	Was the Allied bombing of Dresden a possible war crime?
What is your review of Kannadasan (Tamil poet and lyricist)?	Was tamil poet Kannadasan overrated?
Why is Manaphy angsty throughout in Pokemon Ranger and the Temple of the Sea?	Why is Manaphy angsty in Pokemon Ranger and The Temple Of The Sea?
Does frequent masturbation affect sperm quality?	How can excessive masturbation lead to low sperm count?
What is the best free app that I can use to track somebody's phone?	What is the best app to track someone's phone location without having the person's device?
How do I to meditate?	What is the best way to meditate?
Did Ravana really have ten heads?	Why does king Ravana have ten heads?
How one should get prepared for campus placement?	How do I prepare for campus placement?
Why should we study history?	Why do we learn history?
What is the best software for structural engineers to analyse structures?	What are the names of some structural analysis software programs?
I want to buy a smart watch? Which one should I buy?	I want to buy a smart watch. Which one should I buy?
What will be the implications of banning 500 and 1000 rupees currency notes on Indian economy?	What will be the impact in the Indian economy of sudden 500 & 1000 rupee notes withdrawal of by the government?
How can I lose weight quickly in 2 weeks?	How do I lose 10 kgs in 2 week?
If we have evolved from apes then why there are apes around us?	If human beings are evolved by apes then why apes are still found everywhere?
What are the best methods to study as a high schooler?	What are good studying methods for high school students?
What will be the repercussions of banning Rs 500 and Rs 1000 notes on Indian economy?	What will be the effects of demonetisation of 500 and 1000 notes on the Indian economy?
Which is the best Indian short film?	Which are some of the best Indian (Hindi & other languages) short films?
Can you get a list of individual telephone numbers?	Is there a directory of landline individual phone numbers?
Why does quora mark my questions as needing improvement?	Can people still see questions that are marked as needing improving?
Is it possible to get rid of cellulite?	How do you get rid of upper arm cellulite?
Which is the best book to learn Angular 2?	Which is the best book on angular 2?
What is the South China Sea dispute about?	What is the South China Sea dispute?
What is/are your New Year resolutions for 2017?	What are some of your New Year's resolutions for 2017?
How can I see a private account on Instagram?	Can you view someone's profile on private on Instagram?
How iPhone is better than Android?	How is an iPhone better than a normal Android phone?
Why did Quora change its font?	Why has the font of Quora changed?
How can I get rich right now in a matter of days?	How do I get rich "right now"?
How do you delete pictures on Instagram at once?	How can you delete all your pictures from Instagram?
Can the president be impeached for crimes he committed prior to taking office?	Can a president be impeached for crimes committed before becoming president?
What are the best UK universities to study economics and business in terms of level?	What are the best UK university for economics given I would like to go into banking?
How do people fall in love AGAIN?	How do you fall in love again?
How can I get a employment based Green Card for living and working in USA?	How can I get a green card to live and work in the USA?
What is the oldest religion on earth?	Which is the oldest religion in world?
How can I give best message  to my best friend who is going abroad?	How can I write up a funky message for my best friend who is going to abroad for studies?
What's the difference between making love and sex?	What is the difference between having sex and love making?
Why is the Affordable Care Act relabeled as Obamacare by some people?	Why do some people refer to the Affordable Health Care Act  as "Obamacare"?
Are there any good supplements to boost energy levels?	What is a good energy supplement which boosts your energy level?
How do I hire a legit hacker?	Where can I hire a serious hacker?
What are the best painless ways to die?	What’s the easiest most painless way to die?
How do I track my friends location on phone?	Can we track the location of a person using a mobile phone?
How can I make AutoCAD as my career?	How do I use AutoCAD to make money and a career?
What is the best way to save my marriage?	How do I save a marriage?
What is the best way to find out how many people search for specific keywords online?	How do I find out what people are searching for online?
What are some interesting things about Neptune?	What are interesting facts about Neptune?
How can I get out of stress?	How do I get out of stress?
Sir plz suggest me imp books for capf AC exam?	How should I prepare for CAPF AC exam?
Is time travel to 2010 possible?	Will time travel be possible in future?
Can people still see questions that are marked as needing improving?	Most of my questions are marked as needing improvement. Where can I seek professional help?
What is your favorite song and why?	What is your favorite song or what song do you recommend?
How can you boil eggs in microwave?	Can you hard boil eggs in the microwave?
How do I really make money online?	What is an easy way make money online?
How is black money stored in a Swiss bank?	What about the black money stored in a Swiss bank?
Does weight training reduce height?	Does weight training stop height growth?
What exactly is the most important thing in life?	What is the most important thing in life? And why?
How does teaching someone else a concept help you understand the concept better?	Does teaching someone makes us a better understanding of the concept or reading self?
What are some examples of inclined planes?	What is an inclined plane? What are examples of this?
What is the best way to learn to dance quickly?	What is the best way to learn how to dance?
What causes the soil fertility to diminish?	How does soil fertility decline?
What does squirting feel like?	Have you ever squirted during sex? How did it feel like?
Has anyone found a way to make money using Quora?	How do I make money through Quora?
What are the best documentary websites?	Which are the best documentary websites?
Is istanbul safe for tourists?	Is it safe to travel in Istanbul?
Could anyone suggest me some TV series like silicon Valley?	What are some tv shows like Silicon Valley?
Will the value of Indian rupee increase after the ban of 500 and 1000 rupee notes?	What are your views on India banning 500 and 1000 notes? In what way it will affect Indian economy?
What is the difference between 32-bit and 64-bit?	What is the difference between a 32-bit and 64-bit computer?
What are the benefits of China's One Child Policy?	What are the benefits of the one child policy in China and when was this policy established and why?
What is the difference between a clutch and a brake?	What's the difference between the brake and the clutch?
What's the biggest misconception people have about you?	What is the biggest misconception that people have about you?
How many books should I read a month to become a very knowleable 20 year old who is wise beyond his years?	How many books should I read a month as a 20 year old?
What is the best place to hide a dead body?	Where should I hide a dead body?
What are some ways to increase typing speed on keyboard?	What is the best way to increase typing speed?
What does it feel like to be diagnosed with cancer?	What does it feel like to have cancer?
Did the USA really make it to the moon?	What are some of the best evidence that we really did land on the moon?
What are the best albums of any genre?	Which is the best album of all time?
Do you regret your life? Why?	Do you regret anything in life?
What are ways to make money online at home?	How does one earn money online without an investment from home?
Why was Cyrus Mistry removed as the Chairman of Tata Sons?	Why did the Tata Sons sacked Cyrus Mistry?
What are all the ways you can reset your Apple ID password?	How do you reset your Apple ID password?
What is the best phone under Rs.13000? In 2016	Which mobile is best for under Rs 13000?
What is the function of a hard drive?	What is a hard disk? What function does it have in a computer?
Can I do SEO for AngularJS based sites?	Is SEO possible for AngularJS based sites?
How healthy is Lipton's bottled citrus green tea? Is it useful for losing weight?	Does green tea really help in losing weight?
Do you think scrapping of 500 and 1000 rupee denominations is going to eradicate corruption?	How effective is scrapping 500 and 1000 rupee notes? Will it reduce black money?
How many types of nouns are there?	Types of Nouns?
Do we still need reservation in INDIA? Why?	Why do we have reservation in India? And why don't we understand it?
What is it like to live on Gibraltar?	What is it like living in Gibraltar?
Can we love two person at the same time?	Do you think someone can be in love with two persons at a time?
How do I plan a 4 day trip to Goa?	How do I plan a trip to Goa?
What is a blind spot? Why is it not seen?	What is the blind spot?
What are the best payment gateways in India?	What is the best payment gateway in india?
Is dark matter a sea of massive dark photons that ripple when galaxy clusters collide and wave in a double slit experiment?	Does dark matter ripple when galaxy clusters collide and wave in a double slit experiment?
How can I improve my English Language?	How can we improve our English language skills?
How many india-pakistan wars have been there and how many has the indian army won?	How many wars has India and Pakistan fought?
How do you know it is time to put your dog to sleep?	When will I know that it is time to put my 14-year-old dog to sleep?
Which is the best photo editing app for android?	What is the best photo editing app for Android mobile?
Can there be an alternative to curb black money other than demonitization?	Is there any better way to remove black money rather than sudden demonetisation without an announcement?
What is the best career option for an electrical engineer who is interested in coding?	What is the best career option for an electrical engineer?
Why does nobody like Nickelback?	What's the deal with Nickelback?
How can I stop my depression?	What can I do to stop being depressed?
Is it possible to hack someone's whatsapp messages?	It is possible to hack whatsapp messages?
What is the best way to get teaching job in Europe?	Can I get a teaching job in Europe?
What is the first programming language I should learn?	Which programming language should I learn first?
What acronyms or abbreviations are used frequently on Quora? What do they mean?	What are common abbreviations used in Quora.com threads?
What can I do to get a flat tummy?	What should I do to get flat tummy?
Which are the best movies ever?	What are all time best movies to watch?
Why are so many people ungrateful?	Why are some people so ungrateful?
What is your meaning of the universe?	What is the meaning of the universe?
How do I become more mature?	How do I become mature and sensible?
What will be the effect on real estate sector after demonetization of currency in India?	How will abolishing Rs. 500 and Rs. 1000 notes affect the real estate businesses in India?
Why do some people ask simple direct science questions in Quora when there are sufficient resources available in internet?	Why do people ask stupid questions on Quora that could be easily answered by Google?
What is a new business to start with less investment?	What are some creative and innovative business ideas with less investment in India?
Google Pixel Vs iPhone 7. Which one will conquer the market?	Which one will you opt for amongst Google Pixel & iPhone 7 and why?
Why do people think Donald Trump is better than Hillary Clinton?	Why are you voting for Donald Trump over Hillary Clinton?
Do believers curse god?	Do believers curse god sometime?
How does masturbation affect growth?	Does masturbation affect muscle gain?
Which can be the best laptop under 30000?	Which is the best laptop below Rs 30000?
How can I publish my book on my own?	How can I publish my own book?
Which game do you prefer? Dota 2 or League of legends?Why?	Which game is better? League of Legends or Dota 2?
How are the steps used in a scientific method described?	How are the steps of the scientific method described?
What does Jimmy Wales think about the relatively widespread belief that Wikipedia is an unreliable source?	What does Jimmy Wales think about Wikipedia being considered as an unreliable source?
What are the things that we can do to bring change in Indian education system?	What can we do to improve the Indian education system?
What would happen if a black hole collided with Earth?	What would happen if Earth collided with a black hole?
What should you do after you buy a used car?	What should be done after you just buy a used car?
What are the most over rated things you've noticed?	What is the most over rated thing?
Is WhatsApp hacking possible?	How do I hack WhatsApp online?
Which is the best way to learn data structures & algorithms from beginner to advanced level?	What are some video tutorials that I can use to start learning data structures and algorithms from scratch?
How can you cook frozen tilapia?	What are some of the best ways to cook frozen tilapia?
What are some examples of homogenous mixtures?	What are some examples of a homogeneous mixture?
How do I know if my spouse is cheating?	How do I know when my spouse is having an affair with someone else?
Will Hurricane Matthew impact the 2016 presidential election?	How will Hurricane Matthew affect the presidential election as Florida is a key state?
How do I start a conversation with a girl whom you have never talked but only met on internet?	How can I start a conversation with a girl on Facebook with whom I have never talked to before?
Where do the Indian forces (Army/Navy/Air Force) have bases outside of India?	Does the Indian Air Force have any air base outside India?
Which are the Best movies to watch after getting high?	What are the best movies to watch when you are stoned?
What do you do when things don't go as planned?	What do you do when things don't go the way you have planned it?
What are the easiest ways to make good money using the Internet?	What's the easiest way to make money online?
Will Donald Trump be the next US President?	What are the odds of Donald Trump winning the presidency?
How do I create a strong fantasy world?	How do I make a fantasy world?
Which is the best laptop I can buy in india for Rs.25000-30000?	Which can be the best laptop under 30000?
What is a good idea for an artificial intelligence project?	What is a best idea for Artificial Intelligence based final year project?
How should I learn hacking by myself?	How can I learn hacking for security purposes?
Why are people selfish?	What makes people selfish?
Why won't Turkey recognize the Armenian genocide?	Why hasn't Turkey acknowledged the Armenian Genocide?
How can I improve in my writing?	How do I improve writing skills.?
How can I stop myself from watching too much of porn?	How shall I stop watching porn?
What does this sentence mean, "No such inspired creation is at unity with itself, any more than the clouds of heaven when the sun pierces through them."?	What does this sentence mean: "No such inspired creation is at unity with itself, any more than the clouds of heaven when the sun pierces through them."?
Is PHP the best programming language?	Why is PHP the best programming language in the world?
How do i know i can start career in machine learning?	How do I start my career in Machine Learning?
How will the ban of old 500 and 1000 rs notes help in bringing out the black money?	How does the latest decision of abolishing 500 and 1000 rupee notes help the Government curb corruption?
Why is Donald Trump so awesome?	Why is Donald Trump awesome?
What happens if you consume protein bars and shakes but don't work out?	What happens if you take protein shakes without working out?
Why does clock show 10:10 in comercials?	Why does clock show 10:10 in commercials?
Which is the best Bollywood flim in this year 2016?	What is the best Bollywood movie of 2016?
What are some rare Indian coins and notes?	What are some rare Indian coins?
Who are your favorite Quorans of all time and why?	Who are some of your favorite Quorans and why?
What are some greatest computer Hacks of all time?	What was the greatest computer hack ever?
Is World War 3 closer than it has ever been?	How close is a World War III?
What is the whole theory behind the Rothschild Illuminati conspiracy?	What is the history behind the Rothschild family and the conspiracies involved?
Is there a theoretical maximum limit to economic growth?	Are there limits to economic growth?
How Can I focus on one objective?	How do I focus on one thing?
Is the 2016 MacBook Pro with Touch Bar a worthy buy?	Is the Macbook pro 2016 overpriced?
What should do to reduce hair fall?	How can a teenager reduce hair fall?
Is ghee good for health?	Is Ghee healthy for you?
How do you add an image to a question or a post on Quora?	How do I post an image in Quora?
How do I forget someone I was deeply in love?	How can I forget someone I love strongly?
What is a weight loss strategy that works?	What is the safe and successful weight loss program?
Is the 2016 MacBook Pro with Touch Bar a worthy buy?	What do people think of new MacBook Pro with Touch Bar?
What is the meaning of the song 'Illusion and Dream' by the band Poets of the Fall?	What is the meaning of the song Illusions and Dreams by Poets of the Fall?
What are some ways to celebrate Teacher's Day?	What is the best way celebrate Teacher's Day with your teacher?
How can I destroy my ego?	How can I destroy my ego (self)?
Can I save internet and use it later?	Can we save the internet from wifi and use it later?
Is it good to do MBA after Engineering?	Why it is necessary to do MBA after engineering?
What can I do if my dog ate a paper towel?	What should I do if my dog ate toilet paper?
What are the good novels to read for CAT preparation?	What are some good books to read to prepare for CAT?
What is knowledge management?	Why is knowledge management?
How can we prove life after death?	How can you prove the existence of hereafter (life after death)?
Will war happen between India and Pakistan?	What would happen if Pakistan goes to war against India?
Who are the founders of Tableau?	Who is founder of Tableau?
How many people are on Facebook?	How many people are there in Facebook?
What is Modernism? What are some characteristics?	What are the characteristics of Modernism?
What are the benefits of circumcision?	What are the health benefits of male circumcision?
How do I sync my iPhone with my MacBook Air?	How do you sync an iPhone to a Macbook?
Why did Quora remove the 'needs improvement' tags?	Why did Quora remove the limited distribution topics?
Who won the 2016 September 26th presidential debate between Trump and Hillary?	Who won the debate between Hillary Clinton and Donald Trump on 9/26/2016?
What is the salary of a professor in IIT?	What is the salary of an IIT professor?
What does Donald Trump's success tell us about the American public?	What can Donald Trump's popularity tell us about American values?
Why does Pizza Hut offers most of the discount coupons on medium pizzas?	Why does Pizza Hut offer most discount coupons on medium pizzas?
What song would you recommend to listen during my gym workout?	What is the best motivational music one should listen to during a workout?
Are there any countries where murder is presently legal?	Where in the world is murder legal?
How much blood can a human donate in a day?	How much blood can I donate?
What are the most popular photography competitions around the world?	What are the most popular photography competitions in the world?
Which are the best debt or liquid funds in India?	Which are the best liquid funds available in India?
What is Dushka Zapata's writing process like?	What is Dushka Zapata’s writing process and how much time does she spend on Quora and reading books?
How do I talk English fluently?	How could I improve my English pronunciation?
Why does Quora fail to recognize Donald Trump success?	Why does Quora hate Donald J Trump?
How do lose weight with healthy way?	How can I lose weight effectively?
Which of the six F.R.I.E.N.D.S character is your favourite and why? Choose just one?	Who is your favourite character from F.R.I.E.N.D.S?
Do sociopaths love?	Can sociopaths love?
Can I marry my father's brother's son's daughter?	Is it ok to marry my father's brother's daughter?
What programming language would be ideal to learn first for a beginner?	What do you think I should learn first as a beginner programmer?
Which is the best platform to learn online and get knowledge + certification for Digital Marketing or every course in general?	Will digital marketing a good course to learn?
When did Hillary Clinton and Donald Trump lose your vote?	When did Donald Trump AND Hillary Clinton lose your vote?
How safe is KLM airlines?	How is KLM airlines?
Is coaching necessary to succeed at the JEE Advanced?	Is it necessary to take a coaching class to prepare for the JEE Advanced?
What would be the last thing you do before you die?	What is the one thing you will definitely do before you die?
Why do Quorans ask questions for which authentic answers are obtainable faster and easier through Google?	Why do Quorans ask simple factual questions that can be answered with a single search on Google?
When will the 2nd season of Attack on Titan (Shingeki no Kyojin) air?	When is the airing date for Attack on Titan season 2?
Which are the top places to visit in Kerala?	What are the best places to visit in Kerala for 3 to 4 days?
What is the best coffee substitute?	What are some substitutes for coffee filters?
What are the greatest novels of all time?	What are the best novels and why it is so?
Approximately how many students apply for ISB YLP?	How many people applied to ISB YLP in 2013?
What was the first rap song?	What and when was the first rap song?
Why and how is united states involved with the south china sea dispute?	Why is Chinese expansion in the South China Sea a U.S. national security concern?
How do I become a web developer?	What do I need to do to become a web developer?
How can I start boxing?	How do I get started in boxing?
What are the best MBA colleges in Gwalior?	What are the best MBA course colleges in Gwalior?
How do I ask question on Quora anonymously?	I am new to Quora. How can I answer a question anonymously?
What are the things that make Indian sad?	India: What are things that make Indians sad?
Which are the best movies in the world?	What is best movies till date?
How do I recover deleted photos from keepsafe?	How do I recover deleted files with the KeepSafe application?
Who asked the highest number of question on Quora?	What users asked the most questions on Quora?
What startups are currently hiring in Bangalore?	Are there any startups hiring in Bangalore?
What are the weirdest situations you have ever been in?	What's the strangest situation you've ever been in?
Which sunscreen is the best and why?	Which sunscreen is best and why?
What is the best medicine for erectile dysfunction?	How do I resolve my problem of erectile dysfunction?
Which books are best for learning C Language?	Which is the best book for learning C for Beginners?
What are some good smartphones under 15k?	Which phone is best to buy under 15k?
What would happen if China invaded North Korea?	What will happen if China invades North Korea?
Should I graduate high school early?	What are the benefits of graduating high school early?
Do you think India has successfully banned black money?	Do you think the demonetization affected black money holders?
How can I unlock a Samsung phone?	How do I unlock a samsung?
How can I convince someone over something?	How do I convince someone for anything?
How should I loose weight?	How do I lose weight?
What is dmart's Pentagon retail model?	What is Dmart's triangle retail model?
Why is it not possible to comment on Ernest W. Adams' great answers?	Why does Ernest W. Adams disable comments in his answers?
Why has Arnab Goswami resigned from Times Now?	Why does Arnab Goswami left Times Now?
What is the historical importance behind the Battle of Vimy Ridge and how was it important to Canada?	What is the historical importance of the Battle of Vimy Ridge?
Why Modi banned Rs 500& Rs 1000 notes?	Why do you think Indian government has demolished RS 500 and RS 1000 notes?
How do I become a better rapper?	How do I train to become a better rapper?
Is smoking bad for you? Why or why not?	Why is smoking bad for your lungs?
What is the life of a flight attendant?	What is the daily life like for a flight attendant?
What is exact reason for the conflict between Israel and Palestine?	What is the conflict between Israel and Palestine?
What is the funniest movie to watch?	What are some of the funniest movies?
How can I view a private Instagram?	How do I view someone's private Instagram pictures?
Is tax money being spent to finance President Obama's extensive campaigning for Hillary?	Is taxpayer money being used for Obama to campaign for Hillary?
What movie have you watched the most and how many times have you watched it?	Which movie have you watched the most times? How many times did you watch it?
How do you add topics on Quora?	How can I add more than one topic to a question on Quora?
What should the expectation of laser hair removal be?	What should I expect from laser hair removal?
What was the importance of the Battle of Somme?	What is the significance of the Battle of the Somme?
What is the difference between a project manager and a business analyst?	What is the difference between a business analyst and product manager?
What are the qualities of a great leader?	What are the top three qualities of a great leader?
Is the new 2000 Rupee note really implementing NGC (Nano GPS Chip)?	Is the new 2000 Rupees note GPS enabled?
How can I ask Quora a question about something that was marked "needs improvement?"?	All my questions on Quora need improvement. What is the best way to ask a question on Quora?
What are the most logical movies?	Which are some of the most logical movies ever made?
Is it wrong to steal bread to feed your starving child?	Is stealing to feed a starving child wrong?
Which is the best online IQ test available?	Where can I find a good and free IQ online test?
What is the function of prokaryotic cells?	What are the functions of prokaryotic cells?
What is the best advice for someone with social anxiety?	How can I get over social anxiety?
How do I develop basics in electrical engineering?	How do I improve basics in electrical engineering?
When is the right time to propose?	What is the right time to propose someone ?
What is the best birthday gift you can give to your girlfriend?	What is best gifts to give my girlfriend on her birthday?
How Rs.2000 currency notes will reduce black money market or corruption?	How does banning 500 & 1000 rupee notes solve black money problem?
How will real estate prices be affected in India after banning of 500 and 1000 rupees notes?	What will the real estate look like now after the 500 and 1000 scraping?
What are the major differences between Chinese and Western cultures?	What are the culture differences between Chinese and Western?
How long will it take for India to become a cashless economy?	How can India be made into a cashless society?
How do I get broader shoulders?	What can I do to get broader shoulders?
What app can I use to track my husband with his phone by using my phone?	How can I track my husband phones?
Why do I easily get bored of my friends?	Why do I get bored of friends so quickly?
Do most people get Alzheimer's disease in their lives?	Do most people get Alzheimer's disease?
What is the last random act of kindness you did?	What random acts of kindness have been done to you or by you?
When is iOS 10 likely to be released?	When will iOS 10 be released?
What would be a cool way to commit suicide?	What's the quickest and most painless way to commit suicide?
How can I make six pack abs? Which exercises should I do and what should be my diet?	What diet plan and exercise routine one should follow to reduce belly fat and have six pack abs?
Is doing a PhD in Singapore worth it?	Is PhD worth pursuing in Singapore?
How do I stop my Pomeranian/Shih Tzu mix from humping my furniture?	How do you stop your Boxer/Pitbull mix from humping your furniture?
How do we increase our website ranking?	How can I improve my website ranking?
How do I stop caring so much about what other people think of me?	Should I ever care what people think of me?
How do you scan a document to your computer?	How do you scan a document Into your computer?
How do you know if you are in love with your crush?	How will you come to know that you are in love?
Which woman has world's most charming bellybutton?	Which woman has world's most attractive belly button?
What is the defence mechanism in plants?	Is there any immune system in plants?
What is a fraction?	What is fraction?
What percentage of votes in the 2016 U.S. Presidential race will go to third party candidates?	How well could third party candidates do in the upcoming (2016) U.S. presidential elections?
What is the Scope of Digital Marketing in India?	What is scope of digital marketing in india?
How can I fall in love again? I was hurt once and swore it would only happen once.	How do I let myself fall in love again?
Is time travel to 2010 possible?	Could time travel be a real thing? Could it be scientifically explained?
How many career options are available if I learn photography?	How should one start a career in photography?
What career choice do I have after completing a B.Tech in mechanical engineering if I am interested in space research?	What are the career opportunities in companies after an M.Tech in aerospace engineering with a B.Tech in mechanical engineering?
Where should I begin to solve this encrypted 'text'?	Where should I start to solve this encrypted 'text'?
What is the best way to get on the Board of Directors?	How do I get on the Board of Directors of a non-profit or a for-profit organisation?
What are some good ways to join the Indian Armed Forces after my graduation?	How can I join indian air force or indian Navy after completing engineering?
How do I prepare for the GATE and is coaching necessary or not?	GATE: Is it necessary to take coaching for Gate?
Where is jQuery used?	What is jQuery used for?
How is it to work for Elon musk?	What is it like to work with Elon Musk?
What is the fastest web hosting available in the US?	What is the best web hosting company in US?
How can one get started with share market and commodity trading?	How do I get started in share market?
How can I add photos to my question in Quora?	How do I add pictures to my answers on Quora?
What is the difference between fact and opinion?	What is the difference between a fact and an opinion?
What are the recommended books for IIT JEE?	What are the best books for IIT JEE?
How do I convince my parents that Donald Trump is a bad candidate?	How can I convince my friend that Donald Trump is not a good candidate?
Which is best and cheapest whey protein?	Which is the cheapest whey protein that can give results?
Why does Venice have so many canals?	How was Venice built?
What makes Intel x86 Instruction Set Architecture compatible with both 64-bit OS and 32-bit OS?	What makes Intel x86 Instruction Set Architecture compatible with both Windows 64-bit OS and 32-bit OS?
Where do women in their 20s spend their free time?	Where do all beautiful 20s women hangout?
Do Muslim women like to wear burqas?	Do Muslim women wear burqa out of choice?
What is the relationship between sociology and law?	What's the relationship between law and sociology?
Why do women wear bras?	Why do girls wear bra?
What is it like for an Indian to live in Singapore?	How is life of Indian in Singapore?
Can I write in IBPS PO if I cleared my two backlogs in b.tech?	Can I write in IBPS PO if I cleared my two back logs in b.tech?
Who will win the election in united states?	Who will win American Election in 2016?
What are four examples of pathogens?	What are pathogens? What are some examples?
How do I cope with a long distance relationship?	What are the best ways to keep a long distance love relationship happy?
What are some possible ways to convert black money into white after introducing the new currency notes?	How can one still convert his black cash to white after the introduction of the new notes?
Does excessive masturbation lead to hair loss?	Does masturbation causes hair thinning?
Is helicopter parenting in the United States in decline?	Is helicopter parenting going away anytime soon?
What is funniest joke you've ever heard?	What are some of the funniest jokes you've ever heard?
How can I make every day $10 online?	How can I earn 10$ per day online?
How do I pass a meth drug test?	What drinks can I get to pass drug test for meth?
How is the mental process of reading Quora different from reading a book?	What are the differences between learning from reading Quora posts vs. reading books?
Which is the best song that one can listen to when they are sad or depressed?	Which song is the best when you feel lonely and depressed?
How do I get in touch with a hacker?	How do I get the assistance of an hacker?
Can anyone share an innovative travel business idea?	How do I start a travel business online?
User Loyalty: What are the first 5 websites you sign onto everyday?	What websites are worth visiting everyday?
How can I loose 5kgs weight in a week without exercise?	Is it possible to lose weight without doing exercise?
What are the safety precautions on handling shotguns proposed by the NRA in Arkansas?	What are the safety precautions on handling shotguns proposed by the NRA in Pennsylvania?
Wehre can I find Cheap flights?	How can I find cheap flight ticket?
How do I speed up my metabolism to get alcohol out of my system in order to pass an etg test?	How do I pass an etg test?
What are some of the weirdest dreams you've ever had?	What is the weirdest dream you've had?
What should be the first question one should ask on Quora?	What should I ask as a first question on Quora?
What are the creepiest paranormal experiences one ever had?	Has someone ever experienced paranormal activity?
Can we time travel through worm hole?	Can we time travel through worm holes?
What are the good video tutorials to learn Java 8?	What is best tutorial/blog where I can learning Java 8?
What is the best way to stop being obsessed with something?	How should obsession be treated? How do I stop being obsessed with something?
Why is India not able to create any technology of her own in the high tech area though we have the second highest trained manpower in the world?	Why is India not able to create technology of her own in the high tech sector?
What are the current efforts to avoid global warming?	What efforts are being made to combat global warming?
What makes a terms of use a valid agreement?	How much validity is there to these Terms of Use agreements?
What is the difference between a software developer and a software architect?	What is the difference between software developer and software architect?
What is the best way to forgive?	How do you forgive?
Which is best gaming laptop under 60000?	Which is the best gaming laptop in 60000 Rs?
What are the best things to do in Pune?	What are the "must do" things while you are in Pune?
How do I lighten skin colour?	What can I use to lighten my body?
What should be my first move after moving from New York City to Miami?	What should be my first move after moving from New York to Miami?
Is it important to critically analyze sources?	Why is it important to critically analyze sources?
What are the best interview questions?	What are great interview questions?
How can we understand the programs in computer science?	What is the best way to understand computer science?
How can I become a YouTuber?	How do I become an YouTuber?
Why do women prefer thick cock?	Do women prefer a large cock?
What's the best website in which I can take up my ANSYS course?	What is the best way or website to learn ANSYS?
How much can I spend on rent in Manhattan if my yearly salary is $1 million?	How much can I spend on rent in Manhattan?
What are the specialities of this new 2000 rs note?	What is special about the new 2000₹ note?
How exactly does banning Rs 500 and Rs 1000 notes curb the problem of black money?	Is scrapping old 500 and 1000 rupees notes and releasing new 500 and 2000 rupees notes a permanent solution for eradication of black money?
Is the Indian currency has GPS nano chip?	Will the new Rs 2000 notes carry a nano GPS chip? Will it really Help?
What is your very best argument as to why I should vote for Trump?	Why should someone vote for Trump?
How would I make easy money?	How can I make some easy money?
What is your biggest fear in your life?	Which is your biggest fear?
How does one become confident?	How can I become confident ?
Why we should go to temple?	Why do we go to a temple?
Have you ever met an extraterrestrial?	Did you ever in your life meet an extraterrestrial?
How does human brain function?	How does the human brain function so efficiently?
How do I know if a guy likes me or not?	How do I tell if a guy likes me?
How is computer hardware programmed? What programming language do you use if any?	What language do I use to code hardware?
What are some ways to hack a Facebook account?	How do paid hackers hack Facebook profiles?
What is the worst case scenario with trump as a president?	What are some of the worst case scenarios if Trump is elected President?
Is there a parallel universe?	Are parallel universes real?
What is "Education for All" in the Philippines?	How has "Education for All" influenced education in the Philippines?
What are the funniest and most creative ways to propose for marriage?	What are some unique ways to propose a girlfriend?
How has technology changed Italy's society?	How has technology changed Italy?
What's the difference between tradition and culture?	What's the difference between culture and tradition?
How did Justice League (2017 movie) get greenlit? What's the backstory of how the movie got made?	How did The Justice League Part One (2017 movie) get greenlit? What's the backstory of how the movie got made?
What is Hillary Clinton’s plan to deal with ISIS?	What is Hillary Clinton's strategy against ISIS?
What is the best way to learn any new foreign language?	What are the best ways to learn a foreign language by myself?
How can I increase organic search traffic for my blog?	How can I increase the organic search traffic to my site?
Am I allowed to advertise on Quora?	Is it possible to advertise on Quora?
How can I become a problem solver?	What makes a person a good problem solver?
How do I get more traffic for my site?	How do I generate more traffic to my blog?
Who is the most overrated figure in Bollywood?	Who is the most overrated actress in Bollywood today?
How can I creative?	How you become more creative?
What are the benefits of daily flossing?	What are some of the benefits of flossing?
How is the New Bhim APP going to change India?	What is your review of BHIM App? How is it going to change India?
Use of civil engineering in mechanical engineering?	How civil engineering helpful in mechanical engineering?
What is "white guilt"?	Who invented concept of  "white guilt"?
Why the media are so biased agianst Donald Trump?	What are the main reasons for media houses going against the Donald Trump?
What are the major differences between Chinese and Western cultures?	What is the difference between Chinese culture and Western culture?
What is the Best quality wall care putty?	What exactly is wall putty?
What is the amazing facts about Indian railways?	What are some amazing facts about the Indian Railways?
What's a good and easy programming language to learn?	What is a good first programming language to learn?
How is the value of 0! 1?	Why is 0! equal to 1?
What is the Digital India Initiative? How Author Anuj Tiwari impacts people in Digital India?	What is meant by Digital India?
How can I get the best grades/better grades at school?	What are some tips to get better grades in school?
What age do I stop growing?	At what age do we stop getting taller?
Why hasn't a space elevator been invented?	Why haven't we built a space elevator yet?
Who is your favorite athlete?	Who is your favourite athlete? Why?
What is a paradox in figurative speech? What are some examples?	What is the meaning of "paradox" in figure of speech? What are some examples?
What is the best way to show gratitude to parents?	How can one show gratitude to their parents?
What does the poem "there is another sky" mean?	What does Emily Dickinson's poem "There Is Another Sky" mean?
Which are best books on digital marketing?	Which are the best books on digital marketing?
Why does the earth rotate and what happens if it stops rotating?	What would happen if the Earth stopped rotating?
Do you think porn stars enjoy their jobs?	Do porn stars enjoy their jobs?
How can overcome frustration and depression?	How can I overcome my frustration?
What are your thoughts about the afterlife?	What are your thoughts on the afterlife?
What are some of the greatest examples of the presence of mind?	What are some of the examples of presence of mind?
What should I do to get more answers of my questions from Quora?	How do I get more answers in Quora for my questions?
How important is music in your life?	How important is music to you?
How do I start a channel on YouTube?	How do I start a fitness channel on Youtube?
Why is the Indian Army killing innocent civilians in Indian controlled Kashmir?	Is the killing of civilians in Kashmir by Indian army justified?
What is the profit margin of a supermarket?	What is the average profit margin for supermarkets?
What's the opposite of a heart?	What is the opposite of a heart?
Is there any question which is never asked on any website or Quora?	Is there any question never asked on Quora yet?
What will be Hillary Clinton's strategy for India if she becomes US President?	How would Hillary Clinton keep USA's relationship with India if she becomes president?
Why is BJP government taking a U-turn?	Why does the BJP government make so many U-turns?
What are the best java books?	Which is the best book for Java?
Who are the best mobile app developers in the Miami region in Florida?	Which is the best app development company in Miami?
How does science explain the paranormal world?	How does science explain paranormal events?
I am in depression what should I do?	I am feeling depression what should I do?
How can we earn on YouTube?	How can I earn money using YouTube?
What would happen if Earth had an extra moon (one that's as big as Phobos)?	What would happen if earth had more than one moon?
What exactly is gun control?	What is gun control?
How can I solve OCD?	What is the best way to cope with OCD?
Where can I read old Superman comic books?	Where can I read old Superman comics?
How do you impress an interviewer?	How do you impress a technical interviewer?
What are the main different between love and attraction? and How to identify love and attraction?	What is difference between true love and attraction?
What are the causes and cure for diabetics?	What causes diabetes?
How to read minds like mentalist?	How can I read a human mind?
How much capital do you need to start a business?	How much capital should one have to start an internet business?
What are the best restaurants to try when visiting New York City? What should you try while you're there?	What are some restaurants to try before leaving New York?
How can I forgive someone who betrayed me twice?	How do I forgive someone who betray me?
What was your first lsd experience like?	What was your experience with LSD?
What will be the effect in the economy of China if Indians boycott all the Chinese products?	How's Indian economy and Chinese economy is affected if it closes China product in Indian market?
Who/what is the best paraphrasing service provider?	What is the best paraphrasing service provider?
Where and when did the Roman Empire start?	When did the Roman Empire start?
What are ways to make money online at home?	How can I make money online quickly and easily?
Is living a life with bipolar still worth living?	Is a life with bipolar still worth living?
How do I convert numerical value in Indian rupees into words in an Excel sheet?	How do I convert a numerical value in Indian rupees into words in an Excel sheet?
How can one move on after a breakup?	How do I move on after a very bad breakup?
Sometimes on Quora I am able to send my question to way more than 15 people. Is this a glitch? Could this signify that my account was hacked?	Why am I able to ask more than 15 people for A2A in Quora?
What's the best tool for photo editing?	What is the best photo editing software or app?
What are the most important unsolved problems in chemical engineering?	What are the unsolved mysteries of chemical engineering?
What are the random facts about yourself?	What are three random facts about yourself?
What can I do to improve communication skills?	How do I improve my communication skills in one month?
Do you have any tips for coping with anxiety?	How do I cope with extreme anxiety?
Why did the Indian government ban Rs. 500 and Rs. 1000 currency?	Why do you think Indian government has demolished RS 500 and RS 1000 notes?
What are some ways to remove a watermark from a video?	What is the best way to remove watermarks from a video?
What astronomical observations would prove the existence of intelligent extraterrestrial life?	Is there any extraterrestrial intelligent life?
How do you make a rectangle border using Photoshop?	How do you make a border on Photoshop?
What is the function of programming language?	What is a functional programming language?
How can one become a professor in IIT?	What should I do to become a professor at IIT?
Emergency Medicine: What would happen if you swallowed a coin?	What should I do if I accidentally swallowed a coin?
Is having sex regularly good for health?	Is it good for health to have sex regularly?
Are there any famous Scientologists?	Any famous scientologists if so who?
How should I improve my writing skill for blogging?	How can I improve my writing skills to become a better writer?
How can I find a startup mentor?	How do I find an entrepreneurial mentor?
What books should everyone read?	What are some books that everyone should read?
What are the best novels ever?	What are the greatest novels of all time?
What are some examples of unjust laws and how do they work?	What are some examples of unjust laws today?
What should I do to earn money online?	How do I really make money online?
How do I live an existential life?	How do I live as an existential?
What are the benefits of Quora?	What are the benefits of being a Quora user?
What are stars made of?	What are stars made out of?
Why is FaceTime banned in UAE?	Why there is no Facetime on iPhones that are sold in UAE?
Which are the best sites to learn Java programming?	What is the best site to learn java?
Before we English invented the Chicken Curry and Tea what did people eat and drink?	What did people in the UK eat and drink before we English invented tea and curry?
What are some things about Quora that most of the people don't know?	What are the best things in Quora that some people don't know?
Which country is best suited for doing an MS in ECE?	Which is the best place to do MS in ece?
List the references and study materials for IAS civil service exams?	Whose study materials is best for philosophy optional in civil service exam vision IAS or mitra sir?
How can I improve my English in all aspects?	How can I be a native English speaker?
What was the best happening or moment in your life?	Which was your best moment in life?
What are your favorite workout songs?	What is your favorite song for workouts?
Why is the ocean nostalgic?	Why is The sea nostalgic?
What are some tips to stop your car from overheating?	What are some reasons your car engine would be overheating?
How do I prepare for SSC CGL Tier 3 (descriptive)?	What are the best books to prepare for SSC CGL Tier 3?
What are the effective ways to improve our logical thinking?	How can one improve his logical reasoning abilities?
What is the best conclusion for timeboxing in software engineering?	What is a good conclusion for timeboxing method in software engineering?
I am taking coaching from Vmc and my 11 concepts are so very weak and 12 is going to be started . What should I do to get a 2 digit rank?	I am taking coaching from Vmc and my 11 concepts are so very weak and 12 is going to be started. What should I do to get a 2 digit rank?
Can I send and receive money with an unverified PayPal account (USA)?	Can I use an unverified Paypal account to receive payments?
What are the consequences of non filing of Income tax returns in India?	What happens if you do not file income tax return in India?
Why do people have sex with strangers?	What do people like about sleeping with strangers?
Which is the best novel to start with?	Which are the best novels to start with?
Why do some smart people abuse drugs?	Why do so many smart people consume drugs?
How do I prepare so as to get into Shri Ram College of Commerce?	How much did Shri Ram College of Commerce students score in class 11th?
When will Apple release the new MacBook Pro in 2016?	When is the new Apple Macbook Pro coming? In 2016?
What are the ballpoint pen parts?	What are the best ballpoint pens?
Where can I find best hotel in Bhopal for parties?	Where can I find best hotel in Bhopal for marriage parties?
What are the benefits of GST bill for common peoples?	What exactly is GST bill and how exactly will it affect the common people?
Are women breasts safe to suck?	Is it safe to suck on women breast?
What would happen if all the people in the world didn't need to sleep?	What would life be like if humans didn't need to sleep?
What are the safety precautions on handling shotguns proposed by the NRA in North Carolina?	What are the safety precautions on handling shotguns proposed by the NRA in Michigan?
Who the hell is Modi?	Who is Modi?
Where can I get india vs spain davis cup 2016 tickets?	How can I get tickets for the India Spain Davis Cup fixtures?
How can I make my marketing project on jeans for class 12 project?	How can I make my marketing project on jeans for class 12?
What was the best mistake in your life?	What is the best mistake of your life?
What is currently your favorite rock song? And why?	What are your favorite rock songs?
How do stop doing masturation?	How can I stop masturbations?
What are pros and cons of 500 and 1000 currency notes abolishing?	What are the pros and cons of Ceasing Rs. 500 and Rs.1000 Currency Notes in India?
How can I track Phone Number?	How can I track the exact location of any phone by using the phone number? Location (India)?
What were the major causes for the fall of the Roman Empire?	What were the 3 main causes for the Fall of Rome?
Which is the best laptop to buy under 30k in India?	Which is the best laptop below Rs 30000?
How does an earthquake happen?	Why do earthquakes happen?
Why do you want to become a defence officer?	Why do you wanted to become a defence officer?
What is the minimum number of people required to repopulate the entire earth in the event of an apocalypse?	What would be the minimum number of people required to re-populate the earth?
Which is best book for class 10 Olympiad exams preparation?	Which maths book is best for class 10 comepetitive exams?
How do I scale or get funding for my business?	How can get funding for my business?
Which is the best book for core Java?	What would be the best book to begin with for Java?
What is the best age for having first sex?	What is a good age to have sex?
How secured is the new 2000 and 500 currency notes?	What are the security features of a new Rs. 500 and Rs. 2000 notes?
Will the scraping of 500 and 1000 rupees have negative effect on Indias's economy?	How can the ban of 500 and 1000 rupee notes increase the Indian economy?
How can one stop procrastinating COMPLETELY?	How can one stop being a procrastinator?
What is the difference between Terrorism and Militancy?	What is the difference between terrorists and militants?
Is World Food Programme a good charity? Why or why not?	Is the World Food Programme a good charity? Why or why not?
What are the best resources to learn exploratory data analysis?	What are the best resources for exploratory data analysis?
How can I develop good writing skills?	How can I improve my story writing skills?
How do you deal with over-protective parents?	How do you deal with overprotective parents?
What is the difference between CDMA and GSM handsets?	What are the technical differences between CDMA and GSM?
How can I speak English more fluently?	How could an English learner speak fluently?
How did you feel when you had sex for the first time?	How does having sex feel for the first time?
In which year of First World War Germany declared war on Russia and France?	In which year of the First World War did Germany declare war on Russia and France?
Is it safe to visit Lebanon?	International Travel: How safe is Lebanon?
How can you overcome depression without medication?	How have you dealt with severe depression without medication?
Where is the best IFB microwave oven repair center in Hyderabad?	Which is the best IFB microwave oven repair center in Hyderabad?
How can I meet Narendra Modi to discuss my ideas and views in person?	How can we meet to PM Narendra Modi?
What are some best horror movies?	What are the best horror movies?
What is your ultimate aim in life?	What is the real goal of life?
What is something that you believe to be true that very few people agree with you on?	What is something you believe to be true that no one else does?
Which is best laptop to buy under 30k?	Can any one give suggestions which laptop should I buy at the range of 30000?
What is the best laptop to buy in the range of INR 20000-25000?	What will be best laptop Under 25000 INR ?
What is going to be the fate of Indian economy if Indians stop buying Chinese product and the whole trade between India and China comes to an end?	If China is so much against India why don't Indians stop buying Chinese products?
Why does Canada have the beaver as a national mascot?	Why is the Beaver Canada's national animal?
What are some good mixers for vodka?	What goes good with vodka?
Can I drink water condensed from the air?	Can fresh water be produced from air alone?
What are some of the worst questions asked on Quora?	Which are some of the funniest questions on Quora?
How can I change college in 2nd year?	How do I change college in 2nd year?
What are the best conversations with Google assistant on Allo?	What are the most amazing conversations with Google Assistant?
How do I cure pink eye	How can you cure a knocked up pink eye?
If God is real could he make a rock that is too heavy for him to lift?	Can God make a stone so heavy that He can't lift it?
How can you make money from Quora?	Are there any ways to make money through Quora?
How can I improve my foreign language listening comprehension skills?	How can I improve my English speaking and listening skills?
Why is Saltwater taffy candy imported in Czech Republic?	Why is saltwater Taffy candy imported in Canada?
How can I see what apps and dating sites my husband uses?	How do I find out if my husband is dating anyone online?
Who is Jake Williams and why is he getting so much famous on Quora?	Why is Jake Williams idolised so much?
What are the different aspects of culture?	What are the aspects of culture?
What should I do after be mechanical?	What should we do after mechanical?
What can I do to improve my English speaking?	How can l improve my English？?
How will the ban on 500₹ and 1000₹ notes impact the Indian economy?	Will the currency ban in India affect the economy?
How many states are there in the world?	How many states are there are in the world?
Which countries provides an opening without price for master programs?	Which country provides an opening without price for master programs?
Which are the most used languages in the internet?	Which languages are used the most on the internet?
What mobile phone are you using?	Which phone do you use and why?
How do I apply for pan card (lost)?	Should I apply for pan card online or offline?
How can I enjoy reading?	How can I enjoy reading books?
What are good business ideas with low investment in India?	What are some new business ideas with lesser investment?
What can I wear to my brother's wedding?	What should I wear for my brother's wedding?
Why would Donald Trump make a good president?	Is Donald Trump fit to be president?
What are some mind-blowing Smartphone tools that exist that most people don't know about?	What are some mind-blowing Mobile gadgets that exist that most people don't know about?
What are the health benefits of drinking alkaline water?	What are the benefits of alkaline water? Alkaline sticks?
How do I recover my Gmail account password without a recovery email (forgot) or the security question when 2 step verification code is turned on?	How do I reset my gmail password when they are not highlighting my recovery email option?
Is Zee news a BJP owned channel?	Is zee news biased towards right wing?
Does a black hole have its own mass?	Does a black hole have a finite mass?
How should one deal with depression?	How do we deal with depression?
How do you root an Android tablet?	How can one root android devices?
How does someone get an H1B Visa?	How do I get an H1B visa to the USA?
Is life a zero sum game? (open to interpretation)	Why is life a zero sum game?
How do I change my profile photo in here on Quora?	How can I upload my profile picture in Quora?
Which is best online test series for bank exams?	Which is the best online Test series for a bank?
How do you know if a guy likes you?	How do I find if a guy is interested in you?
How do you get detergent stains out of clothes?	How can you get rid of detergent stains on clothes?
Which is the best book to understand tensors?	Which is the best book to study TENSOR for general relativity from basic?
Is it unhealthy to watch porn?	Is it bad to watch porn?
What will happen if Trump becomes the next president?	What do you think would be the worst thing that can happen if Trump is elected as president?
Who will win the Punjab Assembly Election?	Who is likely to win the forthcoming Punjab elections?
What are some servo motor mechanisms?	What is servo motor?
Who is better -Cristiano Ronaldo or Lionel Messi?	Who is the best football player? Is it Cristiano Ronaldo or Lionel Messi?
How should I start preparing for CLAT 2017?	How should I prepare for CLAT 2017?
Does the files sent through share it have less resolution?	Does the files sent through share it have lesser resolution?
What are the common human threats to biodiversity?	What is the human impact on biodiversity?
My Upwork account is suspended. What should I do now?	How do I activate my account again if upwork has suspended it?
How can I see who is connected to my WiFi?	What is the best way to know who is connected to my WiFi?
What are some tips to improve my speed reading comprehension?	What are the best ways to develop reading speed and comprehension?
Is nuclear energy considered be renewable or non-renewable?	Is nuclear energy considered a renewable or nonrenewable resource? What are the reasons behind this classification?
What are the biotic and abiotic factors of the Alpine tundra?	What are the key biotic and abiotic factors in alpine areas?
Are cows are responsible for 20 times more human deaths each year than sharks?	Are cows responsible for 20 times more human deaths each year than sharks? Why?
Do you think time travel is possible?	Is time travel still theorized as being possible?
how can I prepare for polytechnic entrance exam?	How do I prepare for polytechnic exams?
How does it feel to have sex the first time?	How did you feel after the first time you had sex?
When do gay people realize they are gay?	How did you realize you were gay?
How do I study properly?	What are the best study strategies?
What are radio waves?	What is radio Wave?
Which is better Android or iOS?	Android (operating system): Is iOS better than Android and Windows Phone?
Has the 50AE Desert eagle a almost 99% kill chance with a headshot at close range?	If you shoot me between the eyes with a 50AE Desert Eagle with 300grain HP! How much Precent chance do I have to survive serieusly?
Who would win in a fight between Ben Affleck's Batman versus Vandal Savage (DC Legends of Tomorrow)?	Who would win in a fight. Ben Affleck's Batman or Vandal Savage (DC Legends Of Tomorrow)?
What is the best city in Florida to raise kids?	What's the best place to raise kids in Florida?
How do I start learning Python Socket Programming?	How can I start learning Python's language?
What is perimeter and circumference?	What are the differences between perimeter and circumference? What are their similarities?
Why did Trump win?	Why was Trump elected President?
What is your opinion on PM Narendra Modi's decision to ban INR 500 and INR 1000 notes?	What do you think about the ban on 500 and 1000 denomination notes in India?
What's the best way to make money writing erotica?	Can you make money writing erotica and if so how?
Have you ever had any consensual incest relationship? Do you feel any guilt about it?	Incest: What does it feel like to be in a consensual incestuous relationship?
How does it feel to have sex with prostitute?	Is it good to have sex with a prostitute?
How did the Battle of Vimy Ridge begin?	How and why did the Vimy Ridge Battle begin?
Why do people ask such stupid questions on Quora?	Why are there so many pointless questions on Quora?
What are your views on Modi governments decision to demonetize 500 and 1000 rupee notes? How will this affect economy?	What do you think will be the effect of Modi Government's decision of invalidating the RS 500 and RS 1000 notes?
Will banning 500 and 1000 notes can stop the black money?	How will scraping of 500 and 1000 rupees notes help in curbing corruption and black money?
How can I overcome insomnia?	How do I fix insomnia?
What are the safety precautions on handling shotguns proposed by the NRA in Illinois?	What are the safety precautions on handling shotguns proposed by the NRA in Kansas?
What is the difference between a machiavellian and a sociopath?	What is the difference between machiavellianism and sociopathy?
Why don't people search on Google before posting it on Quora?	Why don't people just Google their questions?
How one can learn web design?	Where can I learn web design?
Have you ever had a dream or a nightmare that came true?	Have you ever had a dream that became true?
Why do I feel insecure always?	Why I feel insecure?
What are the most famous caves in the Chhattisgarh?	What are the famous caves in Chhattisgarh?
What's the difference between cd and DVD?	What is the major difference between a CD and a DVD?
What is the easy way to make money online?	What are the easiest ways to earn money online?
What is the best tourist place in world?	What are the best tourist places in the world and why?
What are some beautiful women in history?	Who are some of the most beautiful women in the world?
How do you find the volume of a football?	How do I calculate the volume of a football?
How can I get Meth out of my system in less than 2 days so I can pass my drug test?	How can I pass a drug test for meth in two days?
Do large tech companies acquire Startups for their patents?	Why do large companies acquire startups and just let them die? Is there value in acquisitions to eliminate competition?
How do I commit suicide with no pain?	What are the ways to commit suicide?
What is your favorite city and why?	What's your favorite city and why?
How can I get meth out of my system in two days?	How do I get meth out of my system faster?
What is your all time favorite TV series?	What's your favourite TV series?
How can I handle my life?	How can we handle life well?
What should I do to crack Gsoc '16?	How should I prepare for GSoc 2017?
Why did the government decide to scrap 1000 rupee notes and introduce a denomination of 2000 instead?	Why did the Indian government introduce the new 2000 rupee (INR) note?
Why did MS Dhoni step down from the captaincy of limited overs?	Why MS Dhoni has quit the captaincy from limited overs?
Would you vote for Donald Trump in 2020 if he helps the country economically?	Would you vote for Trump in 2020 if he makes the world and the USA a safer place?
How can I get rid of nail biting habit?	How can I stop nail biting habit?
Can 2+2 be equal 5?	Can 2+2 be five?
Which mobile phone is the best under 15k?	What will be the best smartphone around 15K?
What is a good tool for automated testing for mobile apps?	What is a good mobile automation testing tool which is freely available?
What are your views on Cyrus Mistry being removed as Chairperson of Tata Sons?	What are the prospect reasons of Cyrus Mistry being fired by TATA sons?
How can I change my profile picture on Quora?	How do I get my picture to be different on Quora?
When did Quora start and who started it?	How did Quora start?
Do girls love shy guys?	Do girls like shy guys?
How can I stop doing masturbation?	How can I stop masturbations?
Why does China support Pakistan a country known to sponsor terror instead of India?	Why does China support Pakistan?
What are some characteristics of eccentric and concentric contractions?	What are some symptoms of eccentric and concentric contractions?
What is the Salman Khan?	Who is Salman Khan?
When was the worst day of your life and what happened?	What's the worst day of your life?
How much does BJP pay to Zee News per month?	How much is Zee news charging for paid news?
What really happens at area 51 in Nevada?	What's really in area 51? What are they hiding?
What is the best question one has ever come across in Quora?	What was the best Quora question ever?
How do you see your own pin tweet?	How do I see my own pinned tweet?
How does a boat float?	Why does a boat float on water?
Do women also enjoy sex?	Do Women love and enjoy sex?
Are some things better left unsaid?	Are some thing better left unsaid?
How IS TO get into MIT?	How do I get into MIT graduate school?
What are the different versions of Visual Studio and what are their differences?	What are different versions of Visual studio?
Why is it important for you to be married?	Why is it important to marry?
Can you get your penis bigger?	Can a guy get a penis enlargement?
What are the safety precautions on handling shotguns proposed by the NRA in Rhode Island?	What are the safety precautions on handling shotguns proposed by the NRA in Montana?
Why do we eat spiders in our sleep?	How do we eat spiders while we sleep?
How do I start contributing to Open source coding?	How do I start contributing for open source development?
When will Apple release the next generation of MacBook Pros with redesigned hardware?	When will Apple release the new MacBook Pro in 2016?
What will be the effect in Stock market after the Indian Government's decision to demonitize 500 and 1000 rupee notes?	What will be the impact of governments decision to scrap currency notes of Rs 500 and Rs 1000 on the stock markets?
What are your favorite fantasy books?	What's your favorite fantasy novel?
What are the visiting places in coorg?	What are the places to see in Coorg?
What are the most popular publications in the 'Investing'?	What are the most popular publications in the 'investment'?
What is the most overrated tourist place in India? Why?	What is the most overrated tourist destination in India?
How do I access my Yahoo accounts without still having the old mobile OR landline numbers or email associated with them?	How would I retrieve my Yahoo account without access to my alternate email or phone number1?
How do you cope with having no friends?	How do I cope with having no friends at all?
How can I make a lot of money fast?	What are the best ways to make money fast?
Can God make a boulder so heavy he can't lift it?	Can god make a rock so heavy that he couldn’t lift it?
What is the best gaming laptop under 2000$?	What's the best gaming laptop around $2000?
How does recycling help the environment?	Does recycling really help the environment?
What are the safety precautions on handling shotguns proposed by the NRA in South Carolina?	What are the safety precautions on handling shotguns proposed by the NRA in Hawaii?
What do Americans think of cricket?	What americans think about cricket?
What is the best bollywood movie ever?	Which  Are Some Best Bollywood movies?
Where do I start if I want to hack someone's WhatsApp conversations?	How can I hack someone's WhatsApp account?
How do I deal with an overly controlling mother in law?	How do I deal with very controlling mother-in-law?
Do you have any experience dating an Indian guy?	What is your experience with dating an Indian guy?
Which is the best digital marketing institute for professionals in India?	I am MBA (Marketing) Student. I want to pursue Digital marketing Course. So where Can I find best course of Digital Marketing? Is there any Institute in Mumbai who are providing the Digital marketing Course?
Who designed BHIM app?	Who are the developers behind BHIM app?
Why do people use Quora instead of Google to find answers to questions?	Why do people use Quora when they know that they could find a more accurate answer on Google?
Who invented tennis?	What is the name of inventorier of tennis?
My Upwork account is suspended. What should I do now?	What do I do if my Upwork account is suspended?
What is the best book about Napoleon and why?	What are the best books about Napoleon Bonaparte?
What should be the first question to ask on Quora?	What should I ask as my first question on Quora?
Do Americans girls actually like the British accent?	Do Americans admire the British accent?
Which are the best hospitals in India for kidney treatment?	Which is the best hospital in India for treatment of kidney disease?
What should India do to get back Pakistan?	What should India do to get Pakistan back?
Can you still go to heaven if you commit suicide?	If you committed suicide would you still go to heaven?
What is your sexual fantasy you would like to fulfill someday?	What is your sexual fantasy?
What are the best ways to earn money from home?	How do I earn money from the Internet?
Epilepsy: What is it like to have an epileptic seizure?	What's it like to have a mild seizure?
How do I prepare for the 10th class ICSE board?	How can one prepare for the ICSE 10th board examination?
How do I increase sex time?	How do I have longer sex time?
What's your resolutions for 2017?	What are some meaningful new year resolutions for 2017?
Who can see my Facebook profile?	How do I see if someone visited my Facebook profile?
When does the cbse 12th improvement exam forms come out?	Is class 12 improvement exam forms are out for 2017?
How is the movie "The Man who knew infinity"?	What do you think about the movie, "The man who knew infinity"?
Why are utensils made of steel not used in microwave?	Why shouldn't we use steel utensils in a microwave?
Why are so many people on Quora obsessed with IQ?	What is with the obsession of people on Quora with IQ?
Why can't Donald Trump win the Presidential Election?	Can Donald Trump still win?
What is devolution? What are examples of this?	What are examples of devolution?
What does it take to be a successful?	What does it take to suceed in life?
How can one become an effective digital marketer?	What should I learn to become a best digital marketer?
What are effective ways of not feeling sleepy during college lectures?	I always feel sleepy and lost in my own world.What should I do to avoid this and concentrate during my lectures?
Is living together before marriage a good idea?	does living together and sexual relations before marriage is it a good idea?
What is turbulence on a flight?	What is turbulence can someone explain why it happens?
What does the FDIC do for people?	What does the FDIC do?
Which is better among open book and closed book examinations?	Is open book examination better than closed book examinations?
Which is the best online website for learning guitar?	What is the best website to learn guitar?
Do Android phones need antivirus or internet security apps?	Is an Antivirus on a Android Device of any Use?
I'm 20 years old and I wanted to know how can I become extremely smart without a college education? What tools do I need or resources?	I'm 19 years old and I wanted to know how can I become extremely smart without a college education? What tools do I need or resources?
How can we control population of India?	What can be done to control population in India?
Which is the best laptop for coding?	What is a best laptop for a coder?
What is your most embarrassing moment during your childhood life?	What is the most embarrassing moment of your childhood?
How do I talk less?	How can we talk less?
What is some advice to a 17 year old who wants to become an entrepreneur (probably in tech)?	What advice would you give an aspiring 17 year old entrepreneur?
How do I get more followers on Instagram if I just started?	How do I get more followers on Instagram?
How do you find out if someone is active on dating websites?	How do you find out if your boyfriend is on dating websites?
How can I improve my writing skills and blog style?	What are the best ways to improve writing skills?
How can I get back my lost self confidence?	What are the ways to regain one's self confidence?
Who are the richest people in the world?	Who are the richest men of the world?
Which is an advantage of speaking?	Which is advantage of speaking?
How can I learn to make drone?	How can I learn drone development?
Why is it so difficult to lose weight?	Why is it so hard to lose weight?
What is the best way to prepare for gate 2016 (EE) in 3 months?	What are good ways to prepare for gate exam in 3 months so that I will secure good rank?
How do I apply for offcampus?	How do I apply for offcampus internships?
How do I add photos to my questions in Quora?	Can I add images to my questions on Quora?
How I can be positive in every situation?	How do I be positive in every situation?
Highest package in VIT Vellore?	What is the highest package in VIT Vellore?
Will war happen between India and Pakistan?	How does our economy effect if war happens between India and Pakistan?
What is the fastest way to learn how to cook?	How do I learn to cook?
How do recruiters find clients?	How do small contractors recruit clients?
What are the best and interesting quotes for singles?	What are the best interesting quotes for singles?
How do I know if I was block from Instagram?	How do I know why I was blocked from Instagram?
Do atheist believe in ghosts?	Do atheists believe in ghosts?
Would you consider 6'1" (185 cm) tall for a guy?	Is 6'2" (188 cm) tall for a guy?
How can I stop her pregnancy?	How do I stop pregnancy?
What is the best solution to resolve the Israel-Palestine conflict?	In your opinion what is the best solution for the Israel Palestine conflict?
How can I improve my vocabulary?	How improve vocabulary in English?
What is the trick to maintaining long distance relationships?	Do long distance relationships ever work out?
What is the best way to prepare to IELTS?	How can I pass the IELTS?
How will people buy things online without net neutrality?	How would people buy things online without net neutrality?
What is the emerging automation testing tool?	What are common automation testing tools?
How do I make more money using affiliate marketing? How do I begin with that?	Can you really make significant money using affiliate marketing?
What are indians still doing wrong?	What are the things does indians collectively doing wrong?
What existed in the space before Big Bang?	What actually existed before the Big Bang?
Do bacteria exist in space?	What kind of organism could exist in the vacuum of space?
How do you know when you are going into the friendzone?	How do you know if you are in the friendzone?
What are the best ways to relieve stress?	What do you do to relieve your stress?
How can I loose weight naturally without exercise?	Can I lose weight without exercise?
What are some things you look forward to everyday?	What is the one thing you look forward to everyday?
How can I join IFS?	How do I join ifs?
 What is the most beautiful moment in your life?	What was the most beautiful moment in your life?
How do I self prepare for the JEE advanced?	How do I prepare for JEE Advanced?
What are the solutions to reduce poverty?	What solutions can you think of to reduce poverty effectively?
Why does NATO continue to exist?	Why does NATO still exist?
Will there ever be a time when the end of the universe will come? What might happen?	How will the universe end? When will that happen?
What are some good ways to deal with other people's criticism?	How do you deal with criticism?
Which country has the fastest and cheapest broadband internet?	Which country provides cheapest internet in the world?
Have you been scammed? What happened and what did you lose?	Have you ever been scammed?
How can I ask good questions?	How can I ask great quality questions?
What can I do in the future?	What can i do in future?
What book do you like best?	What is your favorite book and why? Who is the author?
What's the best way to get a good deal on a car?	How do I get the best deal when buying a car?
What is the difference between travelling and tourism?	What is the difference between travel and tourism?
Is Jake Williams a furry?	Why is Jake Williams a furry?
How so I ask questions on Quora?	How do I ask questions on here?
What are the best first books to be reading about Angular JS?	What are some best books to learn Angular JS?
Where is the best place to live in Dubai?	What is the best place to live in Dubai?
What is the best website to learn guitar?	Which is the best online site for learning to play the guitar?
How would one go about getting a minimum of 1Gbps internet speed?	Is it possible to get 1Gbps internet speed?
Why won't my iPod Touch 4th Generation charge?	Why won't my iPod Touch hold a charge?
What are some good recommendations for a new laptop?	What are some good suggestions for a new laptop?
How is the IRCTC waiting and RAC list decided and cleared? What is the algorithm that they follow?	Can someone throw some light on IRCTC waiting list process? In what order the tickets are confirmed?
How was UPSC prelims this year 2016?	How was upsc prelims 2016?
Is it bad for a 19 year old to date a 17 year old?	Can a 19 year old date a 17 year old?
How do I forget someone I love very deeply and how do I get rid of one sided love?	How do I forget someone whom l love so much?
Difference between MLA and mlc?	What is the difference between MLA and MLC?
Is hookah more dangerous than cigarettes?	Is hookah more harmful than cigarette?
How do you send a private message to someone you're following on Quora?	How do I send a private message to a Quora member?
What will happen if world declares Pakistan as terror sponsor state?	What would happen to Pakistan if it is declared as a terrorist nation?
What are the requirements for being an online tutor? How do I teach online?	What are the requirements to be an online tutor?
What things do you have to do to become an actor?	What is the easiest way to become an actor?
Chinese people: Do Chinese newborn babies look different?	Do Chinese newborns look different individually to Chinese people?
How do you close a Chase checking account?	How do I close a chase savings account online?
How do I reduce my thighs?	How should I reduce my belly naturally?
What should be done if you feeling totally lost in your life?	What do you do when you feel lost in life?
What was the Watergate scandal about?	What was watergate scandal?
What can be the reason behind the resignation of Najeeb Jung as Delhi LG?	Why did Najeeb Jung resign as LG of Delhi?
How do I determine the area of grassland that could be available for each livestock?	How do I determine the area of grassland that could be available for each livestock animal?
How do I retrieve old snapchat messages?	Is there any free tool to see my Boyfriend's Snapchat messages?
What are some of the best examples of how to live a good life?	How do you live a good life?
What is your favorite position during sexual intercourse? Why?	Which is your favourite position during sex? Why?
How do I lose weight ayurvedically?	How do I lose 5 kg weight within 7 days?
How do you start your own porn site business?	How do I start my own Porn site?
How I can improve my English communication?	How can I improve my fluency in English to face a more confortable job interview?
Why has the font of Quora changed?	Why did Quora change the fonts?
Is Arvind Kejriwal an overrated politico?	Is Arvind Kejriwal the most overhyped politician of India?
Where can I get very reliable and professional services for envelope printing in Sydney?	Where can I get very high quality envelope printing services in Sydney?
Is Islam a religion of peace or a religion of stone age?	Is Islam a religion of peace?
What are some examples of social justice issues in Asia?	What are some examples of issues with social justice in Asia?
What has been your best sexual experience?	What's the best sexual experience you have had?
What are the most awesome places worth visiting in Chennai?	What are the best places in chennai?
Is it acceptable to have a boyfriend before marriage in your country?	Is it acceptable to have a girlfriend before marriage in your country?
What is the best way to memorize anything?	How do we memorize anything?
What is a black hole made of?	What are black holes made of?
What are the ill effects of porn?	What are the harmful effects of pornography?
How can I burn my fat?	How do I start planning for losing fat?
Is it possible to not fall in love?	Is it possible to not be able to fall in love?
What are some ways to maximize profit in a business?	How do I maximize profit in business?
What are some good poems ideas about Secret Santa?	What are some poems about Secret Santas?
What are the most visited websites in Iran?	What websites are popular in Iran?
How can I control hairfall?	How can we control our hairfall?
Who will win up 2017 election?	Who will win the UP elections?
How do I start a business now in high school?	How can I start a business in High School?
How do I remove hatred from my heart?	How can I remove hatred from my heart?
How can I get rid of my acne caused by stress?	How do I get rid of pimples permanently?
What are covalent bonds? How do they occur?	What are covalent bonds?
How can l learn faster?	How should I learn faster?
What are the best ways to lose weight fast?	How can I lose weight quickly?
Why isn't Pokémon GO available in India?	Is Pokémon GO available in India?
How hard is an english honors class?	How hard is english honors?
What all can I take up after 12th?	What are the different career option after class 12th?
How can I give a good presentation?	How can I give a wonderful presentation?
How do you teach your child to handle bullies?	How do I teach my child to handle bullying?
When did you have your first kiss and who was it with?	When did you have your first kiss?
How can I treat purple spots on my tongue?	How can you treat purple spots on tongue?
How do I learn hacking from beginner?	How can I learn hacking?
What is the list of India tech news websites?	India tech news websites?
How do you access Snapchat online?	How can you login to Snapchat online?
Why’s watching and playing snooker different?	Why's watching snooker always different to playing it myself?
How do you lose belly fat?	How do I get rid of belly fat and thigh fat?
What's the way to get rich overnight?	How do you get rich overnight?
How do I stay fit and healthy both physically and mentally?	How do you stay mentally and physically healthy?
Was Lee Kuan Yew a dictator?	What are the evidences that Lee Kuan Yew wasn't a dictator?
What are the resolutions you are going to take for the upcoming New year 2017?	What is your new year resolution?
Why don't airliners have ejection seats for all passengers and crew?	Why don't passenger airlines have ejection seats?
Does the caffeine from drinking too much tea and coffee dehydrate you?	Why does tea dehydrates you?
How can I manage my anger?	What is the best way to control your anger?
How do phones get viruses?	How do you get a virus on your phone?
How do I market my book?	What should I do to market for my books?
What series would you recommend on Netflix?	What are good movies on Netflix?
Which type of dresses are best for short height girls?	Which type of dresses suit short height?
What are some tips for training a pit bull puppy?	How do you train a razorhead Pit Bull puppy?
Do you think who will win the election of the precident of US? And why?	Who do you think will win the 2016 US presidential elections and whom do you want to win and why?
What is a good young adult fiction book to read?	What are some of the best young adult fiction books you have read?
How much money do I need to hire Nicki Minaj to perform at my daughter's birthday? Do you think it will be worth it?	How much money do I need to hire Nicki Minaj to perform at my daughter's birthday?
How do I fix my TV screen?	What are some ways to fix a TV screen?
What makes a perfect answer?	What makes up a perfect answer?
Why do people hate Katrina Kaif?	Why am I seeing Hate for Katrina Kaif all of a sudden?
What is the meaning of LIFE to you?	What is a meaning of life?
How do you know what makes a good research question?	What makes a good research question?
How is Atheism perceived in India?	How is atheism looked upon in India?
What's are your resolutions for 2017?	What is your New Year's resolutions for 2017?
What is the difference between .jpg and.png file?	What is difference between JPG and PNG?
Which is your favourite book?	Which is your favourite book and why?
How can I be a good translator?	What should I do to be a good translator?
Is masturbation for a boy harmful?	Is masturbation harmful for health?
How do I get take admission in good engineering college?	How do I get into a good engineering college?
What are the best headphones under $100?	Which are the best headphones for under $100?
What is a useful gift to give someone going off to college?	What's a great gift for a girl going off to college?
How can I get rid of a sharp pain in my bicep?	How can I deal with a sharp pain in my bicep?
What are some good psychological hacks?	What are the most amazing psychological hacks?
Why do people believe in flat earth?	Why do people believe the earth is flat when clearly earth is round from space?
Are there any negative effects of masturbation?	What are the negative effects of masturbation?
Where is the best place to buy a used Porsche 911?	What are the best websites to buy a Porsche 911 from?
Was Voldemort a virgin?	Was Tom Riddle a virgin?
Would a Donald Trump presidency truly be disastrous?	Does anybody truly fear a Donald Trump presidency?
What's the best way to become rich?	Can I be rich?
What is simply the most important in life?	What is most important to a person in his life?
What is the 2nd law of thermodynamics?	What is second law of thermodynamics?
Who are the likely Democrat politicians who might oppose Trump in 2020?	Who are some Democrats who could run against Trump in 2020?
What programming language shoud I learn?	What's a good and easy programming language to learn?
Why did Arnab Goswami Resigned?	Why did Arnab Goswami left ET now?
What do I need to build my own server?	What software do I need to start my own server?
Does waist training really work?	How does the waist trainer work?
Which language is the best for coding?	Which is the best language for coding?
What products should I use to get rid of acne quickly?	How can I get rid of my acne?
How do I cancel Quora?	How can I cancel my Quora membership?
What are the best books for JEE Mains practice?	What are some good books for JEE Mains only?
How much do women masturbate?	How frequently do women masturbate?
Are abortions immoral?	Why is abortion immoral?
Do women prefer a large cock?	Do women prefer sex with well endowed cocks?
What are some mind blowing accessories that exist in 2016 that most people don't know about?	What are some mind-blowing technology gadgets that exist that most people don't know about?
Does green tea really reduces weight?	At what time should I drink green tea to be fit?
Can you get your penis bigger?	What can I do to get my penis to grow?
What causes ovarian cancer?	What is basic cause of ovarian cancer?
How did you finally clear up your acne?	How did you heal your acne?
Which are some of the things you would die for?	What is the one thing you would die for?
How do I earn more money through internet/online?	What is the easiest way to earn money using internet?
How do I track a cell phone by number for free?	How can I locate a cell phone location?
Which all countries provide work holiday visa for Indians?	Which country issues a Holiday Work Visa to Indians?
Is self training of martial arts possible?	How can I learn martial arts by myself?
What is Regular expression?	What is regular expresion?
How can I increase traffic to my website using social media?	How can I increase traffic very soon on my blog?
Why do Kashmir people want to join Pakistan? (Only Kashmir people answer)?	Why do Kashmir people want to join Pakistan? (Only Kashmir people ansewr)?
Why do regulation golf balls have dimples?	Why do golf balls have dimples?
What percentage of the world's population lives in developed countries?	What percent of the world's population live in developed countries?
How will banning of notes affect the huge amounts of black money is Swiss banks and tax havens?	How is demonetizing the Rs 500 and 1000 currencies affects Indian economy? How this affect the black money in Swiss accounts?
What is meaning of lust?	What is meant by lust?
What type of rivets do I use to bind 3 3/16 inches thick pieces of steel flat bar?	What rivets should I use to bind 3 3/16 inch thick pieces of steel flat bar?
How do you know if someone is a psychopath or a sociopath right from the get-go?	Is there any way to know if someone is a psychopath?
Which is the best motor bike in the Royal Enfield series?	Royal enfield which bike is better?
How is a rainbow formed?	Why do rainbows form? How are they formed?
What are numerical coefficients?	What is a numerical coefficient?
What is wrong with Quora? Why are my total views decreasing?	Why did total views on my answers on Quora decreased?
How can one meet British women in Canada?	Where can I meet British people in Canada?
What is your hobby? How does it help you in life?	What are your hobbies that helped you in life?
How can I overcome masturbation and/or porn addiction?	How do I get rid off from porn addiction?
What is the Expected cutoff for KVPY SA stream 2016?	What will be the cut-off for KVPY SA stream in 2016?
What workout clothes did guys wear in the summer back in the year 1990?	How would I dress like a workout guy from the year 1990?
What is best way to start learning programming?	How do I start learning and practicing programming?
How much does it cost to build a website in India?	How much will it cost to create a website in India?
How does the ban on 500 and 1000 rupee notes helps to identify black money and corruption?	Replacing 500 and 1000 notes- how will this move reduce black money?
Why cannot all multicellular organisms divide like unicellular organisms?	Why can't all multicellular organisms divide like unicellular organism?
What can I do to build up my self esteem and confidence?	I am a person of low self esteem as well as an introvert.What should I do to improve my self esteem and confidence?
Is Tinder a dating app?	Is Tinder just a dating app?
Has anyone seen a genuine UFO? What was it like?	Has anyone living in Kongka La Ladakh and using Quora seen a UFO?
What all would I have to do/have to create a company like Apple?	How can I create a company like Apple?
What are your opinions about Suicide Squad (2016 movie)?	Is Suicide Squad a good movie?
How do I emigrate to the UK?	How can I migrate to the UK?
How is recursion helpful?	Why is recursion so important?
Do most white people have superiority complex?	Do most white people consider themselves superior to other races?
How would you go about turning a million into a billion?	How could one turn a million into a billion?
Can a Civil Engineer dream to work at google?	Can a civil engineer join Google?
What lesson can you learn from the movie "PK"?	What have you learnt from the movie PK?
How does magnesium oxide react with water?	How does magnesium oxide reacts in water?
How do I get over the trauma of a breakup?	How do I get over an ex that I dated for two years?
Why do we celebrate new year on January 1?	Why do we celebrate January 1st as the new year?
How do I make my booty bigger?	How do I make my ass bigger?
What steps must a person as an administrator and as a citizen take to tackle corruption in India?	How will be corruption free India?
What is the most logical puzzle?	What is the most difficult logic puzzle?
Does masturbating reduces memory?	Does masturbation affect memory?
Does green tea help to lose weight?	Does green tea reduce weight? How does it work? How many glasses should we have daily?
Is it really possible to remove iCloud lock on an iPhone?	How do I unlock iCloud lock in iPhone?
How do I install a VPN?	How can I install VPN on my tablet?
How does long distance relationship work?	Does long distance relationships actually work?
What is your biggest regret or mistake?	What is your biggest regret?
Why was the Makar Sankranti kite festival created?	What is the purpose behind the Makar Sankranti kite festival?
Do you think it's crazy to fall in love with someone you've never met face to face?	Is it possible to fall in love with someone you have never met?
Is it true that the new Rs. 2000 currency notes in India will have a nano GPS chip?	Is this true that Rs 2000 note in India are embedded with NGC chips?
What precautions were taken with Apollo 10 to ensure it did not land on the moon?	What would happen if Apollo 10 astronauts ignored ground control and actually landed on the Moon?
Why are Indians not getting medals in Olympics?	What is the valid reason for India only getting a few medals in the Olympics?
What will Michelle Obama do after the Obama presidency?	What will Michelle Obama do once she leaves the White House?
What's the funniest thing that's ever happened to you?	What was the funniest thing that happened to you?
Where is the best and least expensive place to stay in New York City?	What are some good and cheap places to stay in when visiting New York City?
What is a cell wall?	What does a cell wall do?
How do I fall in love with programming?	How can I fall in love with programming?
What impact are you wanting to leave on this world?	What impact would you like to leave on the world?
I need debate on " religion is more important than country"?	Is country is more important Or religion?
How did trump become president?	How come Trump won?
Is Quora left wing?	Is the politics of Quora inclined towards the left wing?
Can I create a PayPal account without a credit card?	Can I create a free PayPal account without a credit card?
Why is Donald Trump supported so much? What will happen if he wins the election?	What will happen if Donald Trump gets elected?
What's the difference between Civil Law (in Europe) and Common Law (in USA)?	What's the difference between civil law and common law?
Is it illegal to wear military clothes if you're not in the military?	Are civilians allowed to wear military uniforms?
What are some good self-publishing houses in India?	Which online/offline publishing house offers the best self-publishing platform/medium in India?
What are the differences between adrenaline and noradrenaline? What are their similarities?	What is the difference between adrenaline and noradrenaline?
How can one publish his/her own book in India?	How can I get my book published in India?
How is living in Australia different from living in the United States?	What are the advantages of living in Australia vs the US?
How many hours per do you spend on Quora? And Why?	How many hours a day do you spend on Quora?
Can you list the name of Dental hospitals in Bangalore where there will be free dental checkup?	List the name of Dental hospitals in Bangalore where there will be free dental checkup?
How can I gain weight on my body?	How do I gain healthy weight without eating junk?
What is option trading?	What is options trading?
Why don't people answer my question on Quora?	Why are people not answering my questions on Quora?
What is the limestone crusher?	What is limestone Crusher?
What is a deferred tax liability and why might one be created?	What is deferred tax liability?
What is the physical significance of entropy?	What is entropy?
What is the difference between a goal and a dream?	What is the difference between goal and dream?
What is the best gre book?	What is the best book for GRE exam?
What are the best online sites to learn computer programming?	What is the best website to learn coding independently?
What are the countries that were partitioned from ancient india?	Which countries were separated from India since ancient times?
How did Dumbledore know Draco will kill him?	How did Dumbledore know that Draco was planning on murdering him?
How could I increase my height?	How do I increase height at age of 16?
How do I become a cyber security professional?	How do I become a IT security specialist?
What would you say to a 16 student who have absolutely no idea of what profession to choose?	What profession should I choose?
What are some best online coachings for SSC CGL?	Which is the best online coaching institute for SSC CGL?
How do computers calculate square roots?	How do computers compute the square root of something?
How can I become a video game designer or developer?	How do I become a game designer?
Which is the best online Test series for a bank?	What is the best online test series for bank exams?
What is the easiest way to learn how to draw?	What are the best ways to learn how to draw?
Which is the best freelancing job?	What is the best freelancer job?
Which are the best stocks for trading in 2017?	What are the best stocks to invest in 2017 and why?
How can I increase my Facebook followers?	How do I increase my followers in Facebook?
Which are some good non fiction books I should read?	Which is the best non fictional book you've ever read?
What are some possible causes of night terrors in children?	What causes night terrors?
How do you make melody?	How do I make better melodies?
How do I figure out my interests?	5. how do I figure out what I'm interested in doing?
How is zero gravity atmosphere for astronauts is created on earth?	How astronauts makes free gravity training?
Where do I get cheap accommodation in goa?	Which is the best cheap beach resort in Goa?
What are some side dishes for tortellini?	What are some examples of side dishes that go well will tortellini?
How can I improve my social life?	How do I improve my social life at age 20?
Is it possible to use petrol in diesel engines and vice versa?	Why we can not use petrol in diesel engines vice versa?
How can I write a essay?	What are the best ways to write an impressive essay?
What are the chances of Donald Trump Winning the 2016 election?	Is Donald Trump going to be the next US President?
How big is the YouTube team?	How big is Youtube?
Which is the best college in engineering?	Which is the best college for engineering?
Why does the USA have high divorce rates?	Why are divorce rates high in the US?
What happens to a question on Quora if it is marked as needing further improvement?	Do Quora questions marked as needing improvement still reach the entire Quora user community?
Can we create a artificial black hole?	Can we artificially create a black hole?
What is the difference between a CEO and a COO?	What is difference between CEO & COO?
Which is the best digital marketing course?	What is the scope of digital marketing in India for an MBA marketing student?
Why are there still people who believe the world is flat?	Why do some people currently believe the earth is flat?
Will drinking water ever run out on planet earth?	Will we ever run out of fresh water?
How does Quora quickly mark questions as needing improvement?	Why does Quora sometimes mark questions needing improvement even before I have the time to write the question details?
How do you treat cigarette burns?	What is the best way to treat cigarette burns?
Which politician do you admire most and why across the globe?	Who is the politician you most admire?
Why do we need a president in India?	Why does India need a president?
Who has been the worst dictator in your country?	Who was or is the worst ever dictator in your country?
Should I just quit my job?	Should I quit my job?
What are your favorite mundane daily rituals?	What are your daily rituals?
What are some interesting reactions of people who you know own black money after the ban on 500 and 1000 rupee notes?	What people with huge amount of black money will do after today's bold decision by PM Narendra Modi to ban 500 and 1000 notes?
What's the use of man's nipples?	What is the use of a man's nipples?
What do I do if my friend hates me?	What do I do if all my friends hate me?
What is the function of cladding in optical fibre?	What is the function of cladding in a optical fibre?
What should I do after completion of mechanical engineering?	What I do after completing my mechanical engineering?
What is the best way to get bitcoins for Free?	How do I get free bitcoins with just a mobile phone?
Who will survive Game of Thrones to the end?	Who do you think will most likely survive Game Of Thrones?
How do I combat social anxiety?	How do you cope with social anxiety?
What is discrete mathematics and why is it so important for computer science?	What is the role of discrete mathematics in computer science?
How does a human brain compare to a computer?	Why (how) is the brain not like a computer?
What is the best underwater point and shoot camera?	What is the best point and shoot underwater camera?
What is the best way to invest or trade in Bitcoins?	How can one invest in Bitcoins?
Are there hedge funds in India?	Are there any hedge funds in India?
I'm overweight. How can I begin to lose weight?	How should I lose weight?
How should I find a job that is right for me?	How can I decide what's the right job for me?
What is the most important thing in one's life?	What do you think is the most important thing in life?
how do I delete questions from quora?	How can I permanently delete my question from Quora? Can deleting the profile help?
Yahoo: How can I tell if my sent email was received or read?	How can I see if my google email that was sent was read?
Where can I buy cheap flight tickets?	Where can I buy cheap flight ticket?
Is long distance relationship works?	What are the best ways to keep a long distance love relationship happy?
What are the best academic conferences for social network analysis?	What are the good journals and conferences about Social Network Analysis?
Which are the best ways to lose weight?	How should one change their diet to lose weight?
How do I download YouTube videos?	How can I download YouTube videos & audios?
What would a Hillary Clinton-Donald Trump debate look like?	Will a Donald Trump vs Hillary Clinton debate get the highest ratings in presidential debate history?
What are the movies that everyone should watch?	What is best movies to watch?
How do I prepare myself for my first half marathon?	What are some tips for training for a half marathon?
How are people able to hide their mutual friends on Facebook? What is the way?	How can I hide my mutuality on Facebook?
How does it feel like to go in a red light area for the first time?	What does it feel like to visit a red light area or brothel for the first time?
Does light travel through space forever?	Does light travel indefinitely in space?
What is your review of Mohenjo Daro?	What's your review on Mohenjo-Daro?
When is dirty code is probably smarter and faster than good code?	When do you think writing shit code is perfectly fine and better than writing elegant code?
How could I be fluent in English?	How can I learn to speak a fluent English?
Why do people consider their birthday very special?	Why do people find their birthday very special?
How can you check who viewed your profile on WhatsApp?	How do I know if someone viewed my profile on Whatsapp?
Which are the best restaurants in London?	What are the top/best restaurants in London?
Should I get the new Macbook Pro?	What do developers think about the new MacBook Pro?
What are some new year resolutions for 2017?	What's your New Year resolutions for 2017 and what will you do to accomplish your goal?
Why do vets sell Science Diet?	Why do veterinarians recommend Hill Science Diet? And what makes it a "prescription" food?
What should I do to soften my voice?	How can I soften my voice?
How many lawsuits have resulted in Donald Trump being awarded damages?	How many lawsuits have resulted in Donald Trump paying damages?
What is the general purpose of a speech?	What is the general purpose of speech?
What is the best way to start an online clothing business?	How do I start an online clothing business?
What is the best online coach for medical post-graduate entrance exam preparation?	Which is the best post graduate medical entrance exam coaching centre in India?
Does coaching really matter for cracking SSB interviews?	Is it necessary for us to take coaching for cracking SSB?
How were humans created?	How were humans created so perfectly?
Is there any logic behind astrology?	What logic (if any) can be used to explain astrology?
Why does my life suck?	Why does life suck?
Which are the good portfolio management services in india?	Who has the best portfolio management service in India?
Which smartphone to be purchased in 2016?	Which is the best smartphone in 2016?
Can I post affiliate links on facebook?	How can I post affiliate links on my Facebook page?
What are the best Europe IT internships?	What are the best IT internships in Europe?
How will Brexit impact the flow of goods and people between Northern Ireland and the Republic of Ireland?	Can a post-Brexit Britain really survive without a land border between Northern Ireland and the Republic of Ireland (or an independent Scotland)?
How do I become a millionaire before the age of 30 in the UK?	Which are the three more realistic ways to become a multi millionaire before 30?
Which city is the best in India? Why?	Which city is the best in india?
Why aren't we all hermaphrodites?	Why aren't all species hermaphroditic?
Can hamsters eat honey? Why or why not?	What do hamsters like to eat besides vegetables and hamster food?
How can I convince someone that Clinton is a worse candidate than Trump?	How is Hillary Clinton a better choice than Donald Trump?
What are some interesting things to do when bored?	What should I do when I feel bored?
How do I improve my German speaking skills?	How can I improve my speaking skills in German?
How did Donald Trump win the 2016 US Presidential Election?	How did Donald Trump win your vote?
How do I speak English fluently?	How do I speak fluent English with confidence?
What are the best places to visit in Goa on a 2.5 day trip?	Which is the best place to visit in Goa with Friends?
What are some facts about the Black Knight Satellite?	What is the Black Knight satellite and does it really exist?
How can I ping a phone?	How do we ping someone's cell phone?
What should you do if your cat is limping on its front leg?	Why is my cat is limping on his front leg? What should I do?
How do you make easy money online?	What is the best way for making money online?
What can be done in a six hour layover at the Dubai Airport (DXB)?	What can you do at the Dubai airport during a layover?
How to prepare for CA Final exams?	How do I prepare cost accounting on a CA final?
Without net neutrality can ISPs block anything they want?	Would ISPs block website builders if there wasn't net neutrality?
What are the best movies you ever watch?	Which is best movie?
Are China & Pakistan preparing to declare a war against India? What will happen if they do?	What would happen if China and Pakistan attacked India?
Where can I get very friendly assistance in property for sale across the Sydney?	Where can I get friendly assistance in Sydney of any knowledgeable conveyancing solicitor?
Is sleeping wasted time?	Is sleep a waste of time?
How was your KVPY SX 2016?	What is your review of KVPY SX/SB 2016?
What are some of the most underrated country?	Which country is the most underrated one in global tourism?
How do people deal with jealousy?	How do I control my jealousy?
How can I make money from the Inspire 1 drone?	How can someone profit from using a drone?
What are the beautiful gift for girls?	What is best gift for any girl?
Should people over 94 not be allowed to vote?	Should people over 97 not be allowed to vote?
What is one thing you want to do before you die?	What is the one thing you'd like to do before dying?
Under what circumstances will ppc (Production possibility curve) be convex to origin?	Under what circumstances would production possibility curve be bowed in the origin?
What are your New Year's resolutions for 2017?	What are your new year resolutions for 2017?
What is the aftermath of trump winning the presidential election?	What will happen if Donald Trump wins the election?
How will the ban of 1000 and 500 rupee notes affect the Indian economy?	What will be the effects of demonetisation of 500 and 1000 notes on the Indian economy?
What makes your life worthwhile?	What makes life worthwhile for you?
How do lose weight with healthy way?	How do I lose weight without quitting?
How can I balance gaming and studying as a teenager?	How can I balance gaming and studying in high school?
What are the best books to read regarding Chanakya's life?	What are the best books on Chanakya?
What are the ingredients in the Original Mane 'n Tail Shampoo?	What are the ingredients in Mane 'N Tail Shampoo?
Should I buy an original PS4 or Slim?	What PS4 model should I buy ?
Can the celiac disease be cured?	Is celiac disease can be cured?
Where can I watch movies online for free?	What is the best site to watch free movies online?
How do I start making YouTube videos? What equipments are required?	How do I start making YouTube videos?
What are your New Year's resolutions for 2017?	What are your New Year resolutions for the upcoming year 2017?
How do you spot a lier?	What is the best way to spot a lier?
What do you think about Melania Trump's speech at the RNC and the plagiarism accusations?	What do you think about the plagiarism accusations against The Trump Campaign?
How should I start to prepare aptitude for CAT?	How do I prepare for CAT?
What are the types of programming language?	What are some types of programming languages?
What does it take to create a social media android app?	How do I create a social networking app?
Why do people not accept anonymous requests to answer?	Why do some people dislike anonymous A2As?
What's your new year 2017 resolution to improve your daily life routine?	What will be your new year resolution for 2017 and your plan of execution?
What are the must places to visit in Kerala (6-7 days)?	What are the best 10 places to visit in Kerala including any falls?
How do I convert m4a to mp3?	How can you convert m4a files to mp3 for Windows Media Player?
What are the main provisions in India's Foreign Trade Policy and its Implications?	What are the foreign trade policies in India?
Can someone share their b.tech. project ideas for ECE final year students?	What are some unique examples of final year projects that can be done by a B.Tech ECE student?
How do you train a Rottweiler/Boxer mix?	How should a Rottweiler/Boxer mix be trained?
How many hours have you spend on Quora?	How many hours do you spend on Quora?
What are the safety precautions on handling shotguns proposed by the NRA in Washington?	What are the safety precautions on handling shotguns proposed by the NRA in Kansas?
Does Hillary Clinton think she can pardon herself once she's in office?	Can Hillary Clinton pardon herself if she is elected as President?
How do I learn stock market investing?	What is the best way to learn about stock market?
Can I use a Reliance Jio 4G SIM in a 3G phone?	How do I use the Jio 4G sim in 3G cellphone?
What is better to use: MIT OCW or Khan Academy?	Is Khan Academy a better online resource than MIT OCW? Why or why not?
What is the best way to teach kids about saving and investing?	What is the best way to teach kids saving and investing?
Which is the best gaming laptop under Rs.60000 in India?	Which is best gaming laptop under 60000?
What are the pros & cons of having children?	What are the pros and cons of having children?
What is the difference between Shall and Will?	What is the difference between will and shall ?
Why is Quora much better than Google?	In what ways is Google better than Quora?
Is there any reservation in sliding round of IPU and what if no seat is allotted in sliding round can I retain my seat of 3rd round as?	What is sliding round in ipu and its process?
What are the best ways to lose weight? What is the best diet plan?	What is a good diet to lose weight?
Is it a good choice to opt for cyber crime as a career?	Is it good choice to opt for cyber crime as a career?
What’s your biggest regret in life?	What's your biggest regret in life?
Does swimming increase your height in twenties?	How do I increase my height after 16?
Do girls like oral sex?	Do all women like oral sex?
Who was the first black to win an Oscar in the Academy Award?	Who was the first black person to win an Oscar at the Academy Awards?
What are the best selling books around the world?	What is the world's best selling book?
Is long distance relationship works?	How do I survive in a long distance relationship?
How will the ban of Rs 500 and Rs 1000 notes affect Indian economy?	What will be the repercussions of banning Rs 500 and Rs 1000 notes on Indian economy?
What is the best weapon in a zombie apocalypse (think about ammo)?	What is the best zombie killing weapon?
What would be impact on India if Donald Trump becomes President?	What is the impact of Donald Trump's victory on Indian interests?
What exactly is affiliate marketing?	What is affiliate marketing? Should I outsource it?
Do you believe that you can be in love with two people at the same time?	Can a person be really in love with two persons?
Do dreams really have meanings that correlate to our lives?	Are our dream based on our day to day lives?
How do you know you love a person?	How can you know if you are in love with a person?
What happens if reservation system scrapped in India?	What if caste reservation is completely eradicated from India?
How do I stop being such a perfectionist?	How do I stop from becoming a perfectionist?
How do I ask a question on Quora? Please help it is very urgent.	How do I ask someone a question on Quora?
Can 3G mobile support relience Jio sim?	Can I use Reliance Jio sim in 3G phones?
How can a cash-less transaction benefit for a nation's economy?	What are the pros and cons of Cash-less economy?
How can I get rid of pimple scars from face?	How can I get rid of pimples and scars?
What is the difference between Azure and AWS?	Difference between Azure and AWS?
What are some of the best ways to beat inflation?	How do I beat inflation?
How do I follow any topic or person anonymously?	Can you follow a topic anonymously?
What are different types of sedimentary rocks?	What are the different types of sedimentary rocks and what characteristics do they all have?
How does one become a scientist?	How can I become a scientist?
How do I delete my question from Quora?	Can I delete all the questions I asked on Quora?
Should people over 99 not be allowed to vote?	Should people over 88 not be allowed to vote?
What have you learned from people watching?	What can you learn from people watching?
How can graphene be used to create objects for the future?	Can graphene be used to create objects?
Do astronauts even get sick?	Do astronauts ever get sick?
Is it possible make time machine?	Is it possible that humans can built time machines. And if it's been built what are the affirmatives that it can make us travel in time?
Do you ever believe that alien exist?	I believe that aliens exist. Do you believe that they exist?
How to hack Wifi?	Am How to hack and get the password of a wifi?
How much money would it cost to buy my own island?	How much does it cost to buy an entire island?
What are the best way to increase website traffic organically?	How can I increase the traffic on my website without investing?
Which programming language should I learn if I want to develop gaming apps?	What programming language from codeacademy should I learn if I want to make a simple fighting game?
How can I get Meth out of my system in less than 2 days so I can pass my drug test?	How do I get meth out of my system in 3 days?
What is the difference between Xanax and Zoloft?	What is the difference between Zoloft and Xanax?
Why are maps important?	Why are maps important? What are some types?
Is there any other website similar to Quora?	What are some similar websites to Quora?
North Korea: Is Kim Jong Un the only fat person in North Korea? While everybody is starving..	Is Kim Jong Un the only fat person in North Korea?
I'm a girl how do I know if a girl likes me?	How should I know if this girl likes me or not?
What makes you feel sad the most?	What makes you feel so sad?
Why do people ask questions on Quora instead of Googling it?	Why do so many people ask questions on Quora.com when they could easily find the answers themselves online?
What will be the pros and cons of the replacement of 500 and 1000 currency notes by the Indian govt.?	What are the pros and cons in the various sectors of the Indian economy by banning Indian Rupees of 500 and 1000 notes? What lead to this short notice by PM Narendra Modi?
What is it like to be incest?	What is it like to have incest?
What do you think of Bob Dylan being awarded the Nobel Prize in Literature 2016?	What do you think about Bob Dylan winning the Nobel Literature Prize as a singer and a songwriter?
What is the best way to achieve emotional self control?	What is the best way to control our emotions?
What's the best thing you've ever read on Quora?	What's the best thing you read on Quora?
What does Jimmy Wales think of this?	What does Jimmy Wales think of?
What's the best poem you've written?	What is the best poem or lines of poetry you have ever written?
How do the American and French Revolutions differ?	How were the American and French Revolutions similar? How were they different?
Why earths axis is tilting?	Why does the earth's axis tilt?
Why don't the questions in Quora have the option of upvote?	Why is there no option for upvoting questions? Are questions not as important as answers?
How do I deal with stage fright?	What are the best ways to overcome stage fright?
How can we read people's mind?	How do you read someone's mind?
Why is nobody answering my questions in Quora?	Why do all of my questions get ignored on Quora?
How do you fix the backlight on a laptop?	How do I fix the backlight on my laptop?
What is the most beautiful flag in the world?	Which is the most beautiful flag of the world?
What is the way to clear the arrears?	How can I clear my arrears?
What is the introduction about changes in size and pattern of primary sector to national income of India?	Contribution of primary sector to national income in India introduction?
What is it like working at Goldman Sachs?	What does it feels like to work for Goldman Sachs?
Is it possible to crack Wi-Fi passwords?	How do I crack the Wi-Fi password?
Have two or more countries ever merged and become one nation?	Can two or more neighboring countries become a single country if the majority of people and the governments support this?
What is the best technique for SEO?	What are best strategies for SEO?
Is Modi demonetisation good for India?	Demonetisation is good for county like India or not?
What programming languages are best to learn?	What is a good first programming language to learn?
How can I deactivate my yahoo account permanently?	What are some ways to delete my Yahoo Mail account permanently?
Can you trademark the same business name if its in another country?	Can a US company with a registered trademark sue you if you have the same name but live in a different country?
How do you see the PM Modi’s move of banning old 500 and 1000 rupee currency notes?	What do you think of abolishing 500 and 1000 Rupee Currency notes by the Indian Government?
What happened to the water on Mars?	Are there any ideas or speculations as to where the water went on Mars?
Why should we read fiction?	Why should I read fiction?
What were the effects of the Protestant Reformation?	What was the Protestant Reformation? What were some of the consequences?
Is scrapping old 500 and 1000 rupees notes and releasing new 500 and 2000 rupees notes a permanent solution for eradication of black money?	How will replacing 1000 notes with 2000 notes going to stop corruption and black money?
What function does the cell or plasma membrane serve?	What is the structure of the cell membrane and what are its functions?
What is it like to not have bipolar disorder?	What's it like to not have bipolar disorder?
Can I find or track my lost mobile device using the phone number?	What are some ways to track a mobile number and its location?
How can I make an Opinion Blog on Quora?	How can I create a blog on Quora?
Does marijuana help fibromyalgia?	Can cannibus help fibromyalgia?
What are the best way of loose the weight?	What should I do to reduce weight?
Who is the nicest person you've ever met?	Who is the nicest person you have ever met?
Can Vitamin C pills cause a miscarriage?	Can excessive amounts of Vitamin C cause me to have a miscarriage?
How do one develop presence of mind?	How should one develop good presence of mind?
Does weed give you lung cancer?	How can smoking marijuana give you lung cancer?
How do braids help your hair grow?	Does braiding your hair help growing your hair faster?
What are some techniques to boost traffic to my blog?	How can I boost traffic on a blog?
What are recipes for French toast without eggs?	What are some French toast recipes without eggs?
What is the difference between transactional SMS & promotional SMS?	What is the difference between transactional SMS and promotional SMS?
How do I get a job abroad?	What is the best way to get a job in abroad?
How much minimum marks are required in JEE MAINS 2K17 to get computer science branch in any good NIT?	How much marks is required in Jee Main 2017 to get ECE in any good NIT?
DId something exist before the Big Bang?	Is there a scientific name for what existed before the Big Bang?
Which is the best way to kill yourself?	What is the easiest way to kill myself?
What are the real time interview questions of Apache spark?	What are the real time Apache spark interview questions and answers?
Can Trump actually force Mexico to pay for the wall?	How will Donald Trump make Mexico pay for the wall? Why does it make sense that Mexico will pay? Will Mexico do it?
What effects will Andrew Cuomo's visit to Cuba in 2015 have on tourism in Cuba and the U.S.?	What effects will Andrew Cuomo's visit to Cuba in 2015 have on real estate in Cuba and the U.S.?
How do I lose weight ayurvedically?	What is the best way to be in a calorie deficit and lose weight successfully?
Is semiotics related to faith and religion?	Is semiotics related to religion?
How transformer action happens?	What is transformer action?
How do I pick a lawyer?	How do you hire a good lawyer?
How do I earn via writing blog?	How can I earn money by writing a blog?
What is a complete waste of time?	What doings are the ultimate and complete waste of time?
What was the most craziest moment you had in your college life?	Which is the craziest moment of your college life?
Which is better between 1080i and 1080p?	Why is 1080i better than 1080p?
Where can I find affordable photo booth service in Sydney?	Where can I get photo booth rental for party in Sydney?
What are some exercises to improve your eyesight?	What eye exercises should I do to improve my eyesight or keep it from worsening?
I think I like someone. What should I do?	I like someone. What should I do?
What are the best books to read for psychology optional in UPSC in order to understand the concepts and get a clear understanding?	What are some good books for psychology optional in UPSC?
How are my pictures?	How is my pictures?
Is there anyway to retrieve my deleted emails from my Gmail account?	How do I recover emails that I deleted forever in Gmail?
What is the procedure for organ donation in India?	What is the procedure to register for an eye donation in India?
Are there any career option for a Physical Science graduate in Egyptology?	Is there any career option for a Physical Science graduate in Egyptology?
What are the roles of system analysts? What is the boundary between the roles of business analyst and system analyst?	What is the boundary between the roles of business analyst and system analyst?
Why don't many people posting questions on Quora check Google first?	Why don't Quora people just look up the answer on Google?
How can I increase my verbal ability?	How verbal ability can be improved?
What are the top 5 must-visit places in Kerala before one dies?	What are some of the best places to visit in Kerala in a span of 5 days?
What is the best way to find success in life?	How can I be successful in my life?
What is the major difference in the syllabus of CAT and GMAT?	What is the difference between the CAT and the GMAT aspirants?
Why are my questions not answered?	Why don't my questions get any answer?
What would be the possible impact on Indian economy after cancellation of 500 and 1000 Rs notes?	How is banning 500 and 1000 INR going to help Indian economy?
What is the best concert you have been to?	What is the best concert you have ever been to and why?
How many calories do you burn walking a mile? Is this a good exercise?	How many calories are burned while walking or jogging one mile?
What is a Euro?	What is euro?
How did Donald Trump manage to win the 2016 US election?	How and Why did Donald Trump win the election?
Why was Rio chosen to host the 2016 Olympic Games?	Why was Rio selected to host 2016 Olympic and Paralympic games?
What are your favorite drinks?	What is your favorite drink?
What do possums like to eat?	What does a possum eat?
Does Lipton green tea Assist in weight loss?	Does green tea really help in losing weight?
Is it really true that Oreo biscuits have drugs or drug effects equivalent of cocaine?	Are Oreo biscuits addictive?
What points should one focus on in their SOP for applying in an MS in engineering management?	What points should one focus on while writing SOP for MS in Engineering Management?
Where is Castilian Spanish spoken and how is it different from Latin American Spanish?	What makes the Spanish accent in Spain distinctive from Spanish spoken in Latin America?
What are some key differences between Hollywood and Bollywood?	What is the difference between Hollywood & Bollywood?
Why are American Saltwater Taffy candies imported in Japan?	Why is Saltwater taffy candy imported in Germany?
Why is nostalgia so painful?	Why is Nostalgia painful?
How do I block a website in my country?	How can I block a website?
Why does Hillary Clinton lie sometimes?	Is Hillary Clinton objectively dishonest?
Why aren't supporters of Bernie Sanders voting for Jill Stein?	Why have Bernie Sanders supporters not rallied around Jill Stein?
What is the difference between WhatsApp and Telegram?	What's the difference between Telegram and WhatsApp?
What are best books for SSC CGL?	Which is the best English book to prepare for SSC CGL?
What is the difference between front and back end?	What is the difference between a front-end developer and back-end developer?
Will banning 500 and 1000 notes can stop the black money?	How is black money gonna go off with no longer the use of same 500 and 1000 notes?
Which was the world’s first smartphone?	What was the first smartphone?
How do I check my iPad for bugs or viruses and everything else?	How can I check for viruses or malware on my iPad?
What is the best part time job while you are already working in Bangalore?	What can one do part time to earn some money while working in Bangalore?
Which is the best institute for GMAT preparations in Delhi?	What is the best coaching institute for gmat in Delhi?
What does the yoga sutra 'recognize that the other person is you' mean?	What do you think the sutra 'recognize that the other person is you' mean?
What things would you do if one day you woke up and found yourself invisible?	What would you do if you find yourself invisible?
Can you get rid of tan?	Is it possible to get rid of a tan?
What do you do when you don't know what to do?	What do I do when I don't know what do I have to do?
Is Donald Trump a good choice for being the President of The US?	Would Donald Trump be a good president?
Can I get pregnant on my period?	Can you get pregnant having sex during your period?
How would India look today if it had not been partitioned?	How would India be today if partition did not happen?
What is the example of Presence of Mind?	What are some great examples of presence of mind?
Which university is considered as the best medical university yin Ukraine?	Which university is considered as the best medical university in Ukraine?
Why is China investing in Pakistan?	Why has China become so obsessed with investing in Pakistan?
How do I stop my bad habit of procrastination?	How do you avoid procrastination?
What are the pros and cons of being a psychologist?	What are the cons of being a psychologist?
Who is best lingerie online shopping store in India?	Which is the best website to buy lingerie online in india?
Is CNN biased towards Hillary Clinton?	Is CNN biased for Hillary Clinton?
What is the best stylus to use with the iPad?	What is the best stylus pen for handwriting (not drawing) on an iPad?
What's the meaning of life?	What is the sense of life?
Is Quora really nothing more then a popularity contest for answers?	Is Quora becoming a popularity contest?
Ms. Clinton was criticized for saying "The unborn person doesn’t have constitutional rights" though it is precisely true. What should she have said?	Ms. Clinton was criticized for saying "The unborn person doesn’t have constitutional rights" though it is precisely true.  What should she have said?
Has anyone got fired because of their answers on Quora?	Has anyone been fired from their job because of posting (answer/question/blog) on Quora?
Are there any other books similar to The Manchurian Candidate?	Are there any books that are similar to the manchurian candidate?
What is the first programming languange to learn for a total beginner?	What do you think I should learn first as a beginner programmer?
Where can I find the best quality cupcakes in Gold Coast?	Where can I get great range of flavours for cupcakes at Gold Coast?
What causes soil erosion?	What are the causes of soil erosion?
What was the first computer built with?	What is the first computer?
How could I focus on my studies?	What should I do to focus on my study?
What does VPN do on my iPhone?	What does VPN mean on iPhone?
Why is entering the Kingdom of God emailing grishenkoff@Gmail.com?	Why is to enter the Kingdom of God to email grishenkoff@Gmail.com?
What is the best answer of "why should I hire you"?	What should we answer when a HR questions why should we hire you?
How do I test my imagination?	How can I test how much imagination I have?
How can India completely take back Pakistan Occupied Kashmir?	When will India take back PoK from Pakistan?
What is the best way to teach slow learners (children)?	How do I teach a slow learner?
How could I lose a few pounds quickly?	How can I lose weight quickly?
What are adverbs? How can I teach my students that in a simple form?	How do you teach kids about adverbs?
How do I learn English quickly?	How can I learn english quickly and well?
What is the best single player fps in your opinion?	Which is the best FPS game?
Why nobody answer my questions in Quora?	Why doesn't everyone I ask to answer a question answer it on Quora?
Does the Moto G 2nd generation have issues with battery life?	Does the Moto G (2nd Generation) have a short battery life?
Is Hillary Clinton crazy enough to start a nuclear war with Russia?	Is there a high risk that President Hillary Clinton will initiate a war with Russia?
How do I overcome smartphone addiction?	How do I overcome mobile addiction?
Which actress have innie outie belly button?	Which women has innie belly button?
Whom does PM Modi chat with on whatsapp?	Is Modi on WhatsApp?
How do I survive in a long distance relationship?	Is there a single case of a successful long distance relationship?
Which is the most followed question in Quora?	Which question on Quora has the most followers?
How do I study for Olympiads?	How do I study for mathematics olympiads?
How do I talk English fluently?	How I can speak English with fluency?
Has anyone ever been fired from their job because of their Quora content?	Has anyone been fired from their job because of posting (answer/question/blog) on Quora?
Why can't I beat my porn addiction?	What is the best way to overcome porn and masturbation addiction?
Why's sitting next to a girl "different" to talking to a girl online 4,500 miles away?	Why's sitting next to a girl "different" to talking to a girl online 4,500 miles away online?
What is the best gadget of 2016?	What are the best gadgets of 2016?
How do you calculate the total gross income?	How can I calculate gross in gujarat government?
How can I get development projects in cognizant?	Are there any development jobs in Cognizant?
Is expansion of universe faster than the speed of light?	Does space expands faster than speed of light?
Is there any easy way to make money online?	What are some easy ways to make done extra money online?
What will be the cut-off for KVPY SA stream in 2016?	What is the cut off of KVPY SA stream?
Why do parents lie to their children?	Why do parents lie to their kids?
What are the safety precautions on handling shotguns proposed by the NRA in Alaska?	What are the safety precautions on handling shotguns proposed by the NRA in New Jersey?
After finishing b.e in mechanical engineering can we do masters in transport designing?	After finishing b.e in mechanical engineering what should I do to study masters in transport designing in abroad?
How do I tell if someone is a psychopath?	Is there any way to know if someone is a psychopath?
What is the penultimate purpose of life?	What purpose do you find in life?
How do I make non-dairy Kefir?	How do I make non dairy kefir?
What is the average conversion rate for ecommerce businesses?	What's the average conversion rate for online retail store traffic?
What can I do to improve communication skills?	How we improve our communication skills?
Is there any way for me to see deleted messages on snapchat?	How do I get deleted messages back on snapchat?
How do I get over a breakup?	How do I get over my first break up?
How do I change my Facebook password?	How can I get back in my Facebook without a vaild email or password?
How do I get inspired for studying?	Where can I get inspiration for studying?
How exactly does banning Rs 500 and Rs 1000 notes curb the problem of black money?	How will replacing 1000 notes with 2000 notes going to stop corruption and black money?
What are some mind-blowing technologies tools that exist that most people don't know about?	What are some mind blowing technology that most people don't know about?
How is TCS for freshers?	TCS for freshers?
Why do people still believe the world is flat?	Why there are people who still believe that earth is flat?
What is the amber light for in traffic lights?	Why do we need yellow light in a traffic signals?
How can I sleep in noise?	How do I sleep in noise?
Will we ever achieve immortality?	Will we ever become immortal?
What are the best TV series all around the world in 2014?	What is the best new TV series of 2014?
How many country does the United Kingdom consist of? What are they?	How many countries are there in the United Kingdom?
What is the first social network?	Which is the first social network?
What are the 10 best crime films ever made?	What are the best crime movies of all time?
Who are some of the best Indian writers in the English language?	Who are the best contemporary Indian writers in English?
What is the best experience you had in high school?	What are the best high school experiences you have had?
How do I stop procrastination?	How can I stop being lazy?
What is the best gadget for your phone?	What are some of the best mobile gadgets?
Where can I meet British people in Ontario Canada?	Is it possible to meet British People in Ontario?
What is the solution for erectile dysfunction?	What are some proven solutions for erectile dysfunction?
Why should I adopt a pet from an animal shelter instead of a pet store?	Why is it better to adopt animals from an animal shelter instead of buying them from a pet shop?
Can Donald Trump be impeached?	Will Trump be impeached and if so why?
What are the benefits of PMJDY TO OUR COUNTRY?	How pmjdy is beneficial for country?
What is the reason behind the Samsung Galaxy note 7 catching fire?	Why are Samsung phones catching fire?
Which are the best books on self help and human psychology?	What is the best book to learn about human behaviour?
Why is the hollow shaft stronger than a solid shaft?	Why is a hollow shaft is better than a solid shaft?
Do you choose to be gay or are you hard wired to be like that?	Are people born gay or do they choose it?
What are some tricks to learn Java quickly?	What is the easiest way to learn java programming?
Are billionaires happier than the average person?	Do billionaires enjoy life more than the average person?
Can I open two current account with same name but with two properitor?	Can I open two current account with the same name but in two proprietor?
Can someone help me understand string theory?	What is a layman's explanation of string theory?
How did NAFTA affect Canada?	Was the Canada US free trade agreement and then Nafta good for Canada?
How did whatsapp get paid?	What is whatsapp business model?
What is the best text editor?	What is the best text editor for programming?
How do you treat inflammation of the mouth with small ulcers?	How do I control mouth ulcers?
Can regular long distance running help prevent cancer?	Does running reduce the risk of cancer?
How can I make money online for job?	How can one make money online?
How can I find the real true purpose of my life?	How do I find the purpose of a life?
What are the best cars for beginners?	Which car is the best for beginners?
Should all ICT professionals be either licensed or certified? Why or why not?	Should all ICT professionals be either licensed or certified?
How can I make money online as a teenager?	How do I make money as a teen online?
What is a healthy way of responding to criticism?	What is the best way to respond to criticism?
How it will the latest change in the denominations of Rs. 500 and 1000 affect the economy?	Will the scraping of 500 and 1000 rupees have negative effect on Indias's economy?
What are some home remedies for prevention of hair loss and improve hair re-growth?	What are some home remedies to prevent hair loss?
What is the meaning of the phrase "out with the old, in with the new"?	What does the phrase "out with old, in with the new" mean?
What is the future of the Aam Aadmi Party?	What is the Aam Aadmi Party's future?
Is World War 3 on the way with the US Elections?	Is World War III on its way right now?
What are your favorite healthy snacks?	What is your favorite healthy snack?
What are the best tricks to remember what you read?	What is the best way to memorize or remember what you study/read?
What is the easiest way to make money?	What is best way for earning money?
What happens if someone eats too much garlic?	What happens if you eat too much garlic?
How can I be more creative and innovative as a mechanical engineering student?	How do I be more creative as a mechanical engineering student?
What is the best website where we can read/download books for free?	What is the best website to download free books?
What is the in hand salary of RBI grade B officer now?	What is the impact that the 7th pay commission is going to have on RBI grade B (manager) salary?
What's your new year resolution for 2017?	What is your resolution for this year 2017?
Disadvantages of implementing a k-12?	What are the advantages and disadvantages of K-12?
What's Balaji Vishwanathan's take on banning 500 and 1000 Rs. currency?	What do you think about banning 500 and 1000 rupee notes in India?
How would feminists depict a sex scene in a movie?	How do you think a feminist movie maker would show a sex scene in a Bollywood movie?
Where can I meet British people in the Great Toronto Area?	Where can I meet Brits in the Toronto Area?
Where can I find a hacker?	Where can I hire a real bad ass hacker?
What was the greatest day in you life?	What was the best day of your life? Why?
How can I get rid of my mobile phone addiction?	How can I get rid of mobile phone addiction?
I am 19 years old girl and my height is 5'3. How can I increase my height?	Do running increase your height?
Why did I get my period 6 days late?	What can cause a woman's period to be late?
Who will win ipl 2016?	Who will win IPL 2016 and Why?
Which is best laptop to buy under 30k?	Which will be the best budget laptop under 30k?
Which OS should I choose from Linux Mint or Ubuntu 14.04 as I am moving from Windows 7?	What are the pros and cons of converting from Ubuntu to Linux mint?
Why do we need pointers in a C program?	What is the need for pointers in C?
What is the most effective way to increase one's will power?	What is the best way to increase one's will power?
What are some of the best parenting advice?	What's the best parenting advice?
What are the best things to do in New York City?	What are the best free things to do in New York City?
How do you train a Black Lab/Coonhound mix to track a scent?	How do you train dogs to track smells?
How can I develop my own mobile application?	How can I develop my own app?
Why should I try hard at high school?	Why should I work hard in high school?
Was 9-11 an inside job?	What is the best evidence that 9/11 was an inside job?
Why do people ask questions on Quora that are easily answerable via a quick internet search?	Why do people ask stupid questions on Quora that could be easily answered by Google?
Which penny stocks are worth investing in India?	What are some penny stocks I can buy in the Indian stock market?
What is the funniest thing you have ever done with your friends?	What's the funniest thing that you have ever done to someone?
How do you know if a man truly loves you?	How do you know if a man is really in love?
What are some good side dishes to serve with stuffed peppers?	What are some healthy side dishes with stuffed peppers?
What was your first mobile/cell phone?	What was your first mobile phone?
Why do the media portray Donald Trump as the bad guy?	Why does the media constantly distort Donald Trump as a bad man?
What causes a white discharge with no odor or itching?	What causes a yellow discharge with no odor or itching?
How can I lose weight effectively?	What can I do to lose 20 pounds?
What is the best programming language to learn first and why?	What language should I learn first?
Which is your favorite Hollywood movie in top 1?	Which is your most favorite Hollywood movie?
What are the functions of the cell membrane?	What is the cell membrane? What are the functions?
What are your ultimate life goals?	What is ultimate goal of life?
What integrity is-role of the public administration and eradicating corruption?	What integrity is role of the public administration in fighting corruption?
What is the cost of a patent if you require no outside legal assistance?	How much does it cost to patent something?
How many gas stations are there in the UK?	How many fuel stations in the UK?
What are the top dating apps?	What dating app is the best?
How can I make a fishtail braid?	How do I to make Fishtail Braid?
What books should I read to grow financially and increase my wealth?	What books should I read till my twenties to increase my chances to be successful?
Who are the best tech bloggers?	Who are the best tech bloggers in the world?
What are the most popular ecchi anime series and why?	What are some of the best ecchi anime series?
Why do you have to refrigerate Bailey's Irish Cream after opening them?	Should you refrigerate Irish cream after it is opened?
Is dark/vacuum energy infinite because the expansion of the universe is infinite and more and more of it is created as the universe expands?	If dark energy is being created with expansion can infinite of it be created?
Who is the most inspirational person in your life?	Who is the person who has inspired you the most in your life?
Why do most people on Quora dislike Donald Trump?	Why is Quora biased towards Trump?
What exactly causes gravity?	What is the cause of earth's gravity?
Have you ever seen a student roast a teacher?	Have you seen a student roast a teacher?
Who would win: Black Panther or Batman?	Who would win in a fight: Black Panther or Batman?
Which are the best ways to lose weight?	How can I lose an extreme amount of weight?
What is the best answer for tell me about your self in an interview?	How should one answer the question, "Tell me about yourself."?
What are some common household products that kill spiders?	What are some common household products that kill spiders and how are they used?
Does a charged particle moving through a magnetic field experience a force? Express with condition maximum and minimum force it experiences.	Does a charged particle moving through a magnetic field always experience force?
What is architectural engineering?	What is architectural engineering? How is it used and what are some examples?
Is it appropriate for a woman to show cleavage?	Is it appropriate for a women to show cleavage?
How did Donald trump won US presidential election 2016?	How did Donald Trump win the Presidential election?
Have you ever seen ghost?	Have you ever seen any ghost?
How can you enlarge your penis?	How do I increase the size of a penis?
What do you do when you have writers block?	What are some ways to combat a writer's block?
What is the difference between reference and bibliography? They are same or not?	What is the difference between reference list and bibliography?
What are some examples of energy conversions?	What is energy conversion? What are some examples?
Why should one celebrate birthdays?	Should one celebrate one's birthday? Why or why not?
Where can I find investors if I have a good Idea?	How do I find an investors for my show idea?
What do our dreams represent?	Do our dreams represent something?
How can I control my emotions and actions?	How do I control my emotion and feeling?
How should I control outbursts of emotions?	How do I control emotions..Like Heart Breaking emotions?
Which government has gained the most from ISIS?	Which country benefits the most from what ISIS is doing?
Why I love him so much?	Why did I love him so much?
What is the expected cut off for KVPY SA Aptitude Test 2016?	What will be the cut-off for KVPY SA stream in 2016?
What are some mind-blowing facts about the Indian Navy?	What are some of the mind blowing facts about Indian navy?
How did you first find porn?	How were you first introduced to porn?
What do we need to do to learn Workday technology?	How can I learn Workday on my own?
Can we download movies from torrents?	Can I download movies from torrent?
In which form will World War 3 take?	What would World War III look like?
How do I reduce my tummy without doing any exercise?	How can I lose belly fat without any exercise?
How long does it take for eyebrows to grow back?	How long do eyelashes take to grow?
Why is still India a developing country?	Why is india still a developing country..Why aren't reforms framed so as bring the country on a fast track?
How can we prevent ourselves from sleeping while studying?	How can I avoid sleeping during studying?
Would guys buy sanitary pads for their girlfriend if she asked?	Would you buy sanitary pads for your girlfriend if she asked? How would you feel about it?
What has your experience been like at Williams College?	What is it like to be an undergraduate at Williams College?
Why do people ask questions on Quora that could simply be googled?	Why do people use Quora when we already have google?
How can I lose 30 pounds in 2 months?	What are the consequences of losing 30 pounds in 2 months?
Will I have a great career if I go for B.Tech in mechanical engineering in a state level college in India?	How will be my career if I chose MBA after b.tech in mechanical engineering?
Does green tea get rid of acne?	How does green tea help with acne?
Why do big meteors usually fall on non populated areas?	Why don't meteors usually fall over a populous area?
Why won't my iPod's screen turn on? How do I fix it?	Why won't my iPod Touch 4G turn on? How do I fix it?
Why was Cyrus Mistry removed as the Chairman of Tata Sons?	What is the reason behind replacing cyrius mistry from Tata sons?
How do I get a permanent residence in the US?	How can I get a Legal Permanent Resident status (green card) for the USA?
What is the smell in the air right after a rain?	What is that smell after it starts raining?
Is hookah more dangerous than cigarettes?	Is Smoking hookah more hazardous than smoking cigarettes?
What is spreader beam?	What is a spreader beam?
How do you find money for your startup idea?	How can I invite investors to invest money for my idea?
How the load on engine controls the speed of governor?	How is the load on an engine controls the governor speed?
Will there be a sufficient space for rough work in offline mode of JEE?	Will there be sufficient space for rough work in offline mode of JEE?
How should I spend a 3 day trip to Goa?	How can I plan a 3 days/3 nights trip to Goa?
What documents need while applying for passport in India?	What document we need in India for passport verification?
What should I do to reduce weight?	How can I lose an extreme amount of weight?
How do you know if someone has blocked you on snapchat?	How do I know if somebody blocked you on Snapchat?
What is the best alternative Google docs?	What is the best alternative to Google Docs?
What is the first step for a young person who wants to start their own business?	What is the first step to take if you want to start a business?
What are some facts about Indian Currency?	What are some interesting facts about Indian currency?
What is the difference between exit 1 and exit 0?	What is the difference between exit(0) and exit(1)?
Is it possible for people to love 2 person at the same time?	Is it really possible to love 2 people at the same time?
Who is a physicist?	Who exactly is a physicist?
How can I increase my intelligence as much as possible?	How can intelligence be increased?
I recently joined an IT company after completing my B.Tech in mechanical engineering. How do I excel in my career?	What fields can I enter after completing a B.Tech in mechanical engineering?
What is the best application to learn C and C++ from the basics?	How can I learn C and C++?
Should Gary Johnson be included in the 2016 Presidential Debates?	Will Gary Johnson be included in the 2016 presidential debates?
Which is the best way to prepare for upsc exam?	How I prepare for upsc at home?
How do I start learning Python Socket Programming?	How do I start learning Python modules?
What are the best books for behavior psychology for beginners?	What are some of the best books on behavioral psychology?
Why did Modi ban 500 and 1000 rupees notes and not 100 rupee notes?	Banning 500 and 1000 rupee notes is appreciated but why is the government bringing 500 and 2000 rupees again into the market?
Can you use celebrity photos in an app?	Is it legal to use celebrities photos in a website or smartphone app?
What category of porn do girls like the most?	Which type of porn do young girls like most?
Who is currently winning the presidential election?	Who do you think is going to win the 2016 presidential election?
What is the best laptop under Rs.60000 in India?	Which is the best laptop for 60k?
What is the easiest instrument to learn as adult?	What's the easiest musical instrument to learn as an adult?
Who will win the upcoming general election?	Which party will win the 2014 general elections in India? Why?
How should I go about getting funding for my idea?	How do I get to just tell investors about my startup idea?
What is the meaning of the suffix ‘ism'?	What is the etymology of the suffix “-ism”?
How much do I really need to start an entertainment business?	How much money do I need to start an entertainment corporation?
What are the principles with which you live your life and base your decisions?	With what principles do you live your life by?
How can poverty be reduced or eliminated worldwide?	Can poverty be eliminated and how?
Can we make India a cashless country?	Is it possible to convert India a cashless country like Sweden?
What should we do to prevent aids?	How do I prevent AIDS?
Who is the luckiest person on Earth?	Who is most luckiest person?
What are the safety precautions on handling shotguns proposed by the NRA in Rhode Island?	What are the safety precautions on handling shotguns proposed by the NRA in Oklahoma?
Who is the worst Actor in Bollywood at present time?	Who is the worst Bollywood actress according to you?
Which WordPress theme should I use for my website?	Which WordPress theme should we choose?
How will it be after death? Where does the soul go?	What happens to the soul after it leaves the body?
What is the growth in BIPM in TCS?	What is the scope growth and future in BIPM in TCS?
Which one is the best Digital marketing course in India?	What are some good digital courses in India?
Are there some non-agglutinating languages that have vowel harmony?	Are there any fusional languages affected by vowel harmony?
How can I get the best grades at school?	What can I do to get better grades next quarter?
I want to learn Digital Marketing. Where do I start?	What are good ways to learn to become the best digital marketer?
Which is best meditation app?	What are the Best Meditation Apps?
How can iPhones get viruses?	How do iPhones get viruses? How can we avoid them?
Can we control our feelings and emotions?	How do I control emotions..Like Heart Breaking emotions?
Does the parallel universe exist?	Are there any more universes? Do parallel universes exist?
Why is my webcam not working? How can this be fixed?	Why isn't my webcam working? How can I fix it?
What would happen if all humans suddenly disappeared from our planet?	What will happen if humans go extinct?
Who will win the 7th match between Puneri Paltan and Dabang Delhi in Pro Kabaddi Season 4 2016?	Who will win the 7th match between Puneri Paltan Vs Dabang Delhi in Pro Kabaddi Season 4 2016?
What is gratuitous ARP?	What is Gratuitous Address resolution Protocol?
How can I make my money make money?	How can earn money quickly?
Why is my puppy afraid of cats?	Why is my Maltese/Husky puppy afraid of cats?
How can one believe in Noah's Ark AND science?	A new Noah's Ark theme park just open in Kentucky. Do people actually believe this story?
Which is the best QuickBooks Hosting Support Number in New York?	What is the quickbooks customer support phone number USA?
What is the function of the epithelial tissue in the heart?	What is the epithelial tissue in the heart?
How do I LIVE in the PRESENT MOMENT?	How do I live in a present moment?
What happened to the IAF's AN-32 aircraft?	What happened to the iaf an 32 aircraft?
What is the best way to overcome depression without doing anything?	What is the best way to overcome from depression?
Why is Mongolia so sparsely populated?	Why is Mongolia underpopulated?
What are the best books to study psychology?	What are best books on psychology?
E-Business: What do you think about B2B platform?	What do you think about B2B platform?
Why is it so hard to believe the universe has a creator?	Why do you find it hard to believe that the universe has a creator?
Why can't we detect dark matter?	Why haven't we detect dark matter yet?
Can i get pregnant the day after my period ends?	Is the fertilization is possible on first day after periods?
Why does the caste system still prevail in India?	Why does the caste system in India still exist?
What does it take for a successful long distance relationship?	How do we can remain satisfied in a long distance relationship?
Why do/would you disable comments on your answers?	Why do people disable comments on their answers? Is it because they don't like to have them challenged?
What are the withdrawal symptoms from OxyContin?	What are some withdrawal symptoms of OxyContin?
How can I be a doctor?	What should I do to become a doctor?
What are some good online preparation courses for the GATE?	What is best online mathematic courses for gate?
How and Why did Donald Trump win the election?	How did Donald Trump win the election?
How do I get my English better?	How can I improve my English Language?
Where can I get list of stylish collection of designer floor tiles in Sydney?	Where can I get designer collection of affordable floor tiles in Sydney?
How can I play Pokémon GO in India?	Can I play Pokémon GO in India?
Why is it that a lot of Chinese people don't feel oppressed by their regime but some foreigners insist they are?	Why is it that a lot of Chinese people don't feel oppressed by their regime?
How does Google measure the use over time for words?	How does Google calculate the use over time of words?
What do I do to increase my height?	How do I increase my height after 22?
Are there any negative side effects in drinking Red Bull?	What are the positive and negative effects of Red Bull?
How can I see who views my Instagram?	Can you see who views your videos in Instagram?
How do I learn SQL for beginners?	How should I learn sql in short span of time?
How do you make money with Quora?	Has anyone found a way to make money using Quora?
What is the easy way to make money online?	Can I earn money online?
What is the best answer of "why should I hire you"?	What are the best answers for "Why should I hire you?"in a cool way?
What are the contents of the dark web?	What is deep web and dark web and what are the contents of these sites?
What do I need to know to develop iphone applications?	What do I need to learn to create iPhone applications?
How will I contact a good hacker?	Where can I find a good hacker?
How can make money on Facebook?	How do I make money on Facebook?
What are the biggest success stories from Shark Tank?	What are the most successful businesses that appeared on Shark Tank?
Which are the colleges providing B.Sc./B.Tech. Biotechnology in India?	What are the colleges which offer BSc in biotechnology in India?
Third law of thermodynamics?	What is third law of thermodynamics?
Which is the best server side language to learn for Web development?	Which server side scripting language will be best for developing an e-commerce site?
How is Lipton Green Tea related to weight loss?	How does green tea burn belly fat?
What's it like to live in Finland?	What is it like living in Finland?
How do people who are born deaf learn the language we usually talk?	How do born-deaf people learn to pronounce words?
Which are the movies with incest themes?	Are there any good incest movie?
Which was the best Bollywood movie of 2016 so far?	Which is the best Bollywood flim in this year 2016?
Which are some of the best romantic movies?	Which is world's best romantic movie?
How can I make a good cup of coffee at home?	How can I learn to make good coffee at home?
How can I survive without friends?	How can I live without friends?
What are the mysteries of the Bermuda Triangle?	What mystery is hidden in the Bermuda Triangle?
Which is the best video you have ever seen?	Which is the most amazing video you have ever seen?
Is there a difference between "native" mini displayport and just mini displayport on Mac boo air?	Is there a difference between native mini displayport and just mini displayport on Macbok air?
What is everyone's favorite movie?	What is the recommendation movie?
What are the must places to visit in Kerala (6-7 days)?	What are the best places to visit in Kerala for 3 to 4 days?
What is the best site for downloading movies?	Which is the best site to download movies from?
How can I increase height after the age of 25?	Does swimming increase your height in twenties?
What is the reason behind the recent fall in oil prices?	What are the reasons behind oil prices decline?
What is the worst movie you've ever watched?	Which is the worst movie you've ever watched?
Why is everyone overreacting when it comes to Trump's presidency?	Why is everyone freaking out about Trump's presidency?
Who will win upcoming USA election?	Who will win upcoming election of USA?
Why not people accept homeopathy?	Why do people disregard homeopathy?
I'm 15 and I want to become more confident when talking to woman. How can I do this?	How do you become more confident when speaking to girls?
What would happen if all the ants on Earth die?	What would happen if ants disappeared from the Earth?
How can one be a good product manager?	How do I become a product manager?
What's the quickest and most painless way to commit suicide?	What is the best way to commit suicide in India?
How do you learn to say "NO" to people?	How can I learn to say no?
What are the best video cutter software?	What are the best free video cutters?
Why doesn't the Earth fall down?	Why earth does not fall?
What the difference between western culture and Chinese culture?	#What are the major differences between Chinese and western cultures?
Who can be on Indian currency notes instead of Mahatma Gandhi?	Who can replace Gandhi on Indian currency note?
What are some ways to send an email to myself?	How can I send an email to myself?
Who will win the US election?	Who do you think is going to win the 2016 presidential election?
How can I improve my social circle?	How do I fix my social life?
Can American cities preserve old houses and old trees while pursuing sustainable new urban development?	Does the goal of making American cities more sustainable require the demolition of old houses and trees?
How dangerous are tarantulas to humans?	How poisonous are tarantulas to humans?
What is the stupidest thing you ever did?	What is the stupidest thing you have done?
What is the fastest way to lose fat and keep it off?	What is the best way to burn fat fast?
What's the meaning of life? (mathematically and logically)	What is the exact meaning of life?
What is the best time of day to have sex?	What would be the best time to have sex?
What is RaghuRam Rajan's point of view in India's act of scraping 500 & 1000 notes overnight?	What is Raghuram Rajan's view on demonetization?
If you could date any character from Friends who would it be and why?	Which character from friends would you like to date and why?
How can I learn magic?	How do I learn magic?
What is your definition of reality?	What is the definition of reality?
What is most stable Cyanogen version?	Until now which is most stable version of Cyanogen?
What are your New Year resolutions for the upcoming year 2017?	What are some of the best New Years resolutions for 2017?
In a double slit experiment is the particle always detected traveling through a single slit due to its always traveling through a single slit?	In a double slit experiment the particle is always detected traveling thru a single slit. Does it always travels through a single slit?
What should I do when I forgot my Instagram password and email?	What should I do if I forgot my Instagram password and email?
Can Donald Trump win this Tuesday?	Could Trump win?
What are the disadvantages of credit cards?	What are the advantages and disadvantages of using a credit card?
What's the feeling of having sex for the first time?	What's your experience about your first sex?
Who is Fidel Castro?	Who is Fidel Castro? What has he done?
What are some tricks to prevent laziness and procrastination?	How do I get rid of laziness and procrastination?
Why is atheism not recognized officially in India?	Will atheism or agnosticism be ever officially recognized by the government of India?
Who was the Tashkent Man?	Who is the Tashkent man?
What are some places to spend the weekend near Pune?	What are the best places to hangout in Pune?
How can I forget someone I love strongly?	How do I forget someone you were deeply in loved?
Why do jerks and dumb people breed way more than nice and intelligent individuals?	Why do jerks and dumb people breed more than nice and intelligent individuals?
What's it like to major in english?	What is it like to major in Literature/English?
Will upgrading my RAM make my computer faster?	Does adding more RAM make your computer faster?
How does the catalyst affect the rate of reaction?	In what way would a catalyst increase the rate of reaction?
How can I Contact Facebook help centre?	How can I contact Facebook UK?
Why India is big loser in Olympics?	Why does India perform so poorly at the Olympics?
What is the dress code at the Melting Pot? What should you wear?	What is acceptable dress code for the Melting Pot?
What is the most hypocritical thing Indians have done?	What are some of the most hypocritical things that Indians do?
Can you see who views your Instagram videos?	How can I see who viewed my video on Instagram but didn't like my video?
How is my friend earning millions from home just by using Uber app?	How are people earning billions from home by simple Uber app hack?
How do I convince my girlfriend's parents for our marriage?	How should I convince my girlfriend's parents for our marriage?
Where is the best place to buy an iPhone 6?	Where is the best place to buy the iPhone 6 Plus?
Which of the three kingdoms of Korea was able to unify the entire peninsula under its control?	Which kingdom of Korea was able to unify the entire peninsula under its control?
What is the best way to rent a Tata ace in Bangalore?	Book a Tata ace in Bangalore?
How does the standard and the metric measurement system differ?	What are the differences between the metric and standard systems?
What is the function of server?	What is the function of a server?
What are some ways to quickly drain your phone battery?	What would cause the battery on my phone to drain so quickly?
What are some examples of universal solvents?	What are examples of a "Universal Solvent"?
Is milk good for health?	Is cows milk bad for your health?
How do tell my long term boyfriend I cheated on him with the guy I met online?	Should I tell my boyfriend I cheated on him with someone I met online?
Is a third world war coming?	Do you see a possibility for a third world war?
How will the ban of Rs 500 and Rs 1000 notes affect Indian economy?	What will be the implications of banning 500 and 1000 rupees currency notes on Indian economy?
Which state in South India is best to settle?	Which is the best state in South India?
What are some ways of safely cutting acrylic nails?	What are some ways to cut my acrylic nails?
How many cups of coffee do you drink daily?	How much coffee do you drink a day?
What is your score in KVPY SA 2016 (aptitude test)? What is the expected cutoff?	How was the KVPY 2016 sa?
What is the best way to reduce weight?	How do I reduce my weight?
What is meaning of butterfly effect?	What is the butterfly effect?
What is the best party hire company in Byron Bay?	Which is the best party hire company in Byron Bay?
Which is the best Wordpress security plugin?	What are the best security plugins for WordPress?
How do I do research on a company before investing in it's shares?	How do I evaluate a share before investing in it?
How do I study while doing job?	How can I study While doing job?
How can learn English?	How can I understand english?
Can someone review my short story?	Can any one review my short story?
I've just found out that my family has extensive connections to the mafia. What should I do?	I've just found out my family has extensive connections to the Mafia. What should I do?
Where can I buy best quality fire alarm & detection system in Sydney?	Where can I found advanced fire alarm system in Sydney?
What is digital marketing exactly?	What is digital marketing and how to set career in digital marketing?
What is the best birthday gift for a friend?	What is a good birthday gift for a friend?
Who has the most money in the world?	Who are the richest men of the world?
Where and how can I write a check for cash?	How do I write a check for cash?
Why isn't the Permanent Court of Arbitration an international tribunal or part of an UN organisation?	Is the Permanent court of arbitration UN affiliated?
How do I prevent breast cancer?	What we can do to prevent breast cancer mostly?
What are reasons why people change their gender?	Why do people change their gender/sex?
Why did the Indian government develop a 1000 rupee note but developed 2000 rupee note?	Banning 500 and 1000 rupee notes is appreciated but why is the government bringing 500 and 2000 rupees again into the market?
What does an Indian GDP of 6.5% mean?	What does the GDP figure of 5.7% signal about the Indian economy?
How do I earn money from the Internet?	What are the easiest ways to make good money using the Internet?
How can I increase my height I am 5'2 and 13 years old?	How do I increase my height after 16?
How do I edit my question on Quora when I realize that I misspelled a word?	How can I edit a question on Quora?
Why do people call people that don't want to have children selfish?	Why do some people think it is selfish to not want children?
What product should I use for my hair?	What products should be applied on hair?
Why do people hate Common Core standards?	What is wrong with the Common Core standards?
Who will be win in USA: hillary or trump?	Will Hillary win?
What are the ways to get a Permanent Resident in USA?	How can I get a Legal Permanent Resident status (green card) for the USA?
What's the best decision you've ever made?	What was the best decision you ever made?
What are your views on banning 500 and 1000 rupee notes? How does it affect black money and is it really gonna work and expose all the black money?	What do you think of the decision by the Indian government to demonetize 500 and 1000 rupee notes?
What are some good old Bollywood songs?	What are the best old songs of Bollywood ever?
Should I buy the new MacBook 2016 or one from 2015?	Should I buy the 2016 or 2015 MacBook Pro?
How is condition of Hindus in Pakistan?	What is the condition of Hindus in Pakistan?
Can we use Jio sim in 3G phone?	How I cab use Jio sim in 3G device?
How do I get rid of depression?	How can I beat depression?
What should be the strategy for JEE mains in last 3 months?	What should be the last 3 month strategy for JEE main?
Even if god does exist why should anyone worship him?	Why does God want/need humans to believe in Him?
Why don't Bernie Sanders supporters choose Jill Stein as obvious positive alternative to Hillary Clinton?	Why don’t Bernie supporters vote for Jill Stein?
What are the advantages and disadvantages of using structures in C?	What is the advantages and disadvantages of using struct in C?
How many faces would you have if you were given the choice?	How many face would you have if you were given the choice?
Can I make money online?	How do I make money from home?
How do I make my life simple?	Life Advice: How can I make my life simpler?
How much money can I deposit in my account?	How much money can I deposit in my saving account?
How do I trace a phone call?	Is there any app by which I can trace the exact location of a person by putting their phone number only?
What would happen if the Earth stopped rotating?	What would happen to us humans if the earth suddenly stopped spinning?
Is sex really important in a relationship?	Is sex really that important in maintaining long term happy relationship?
What are the characteristics of a civilization?	What are the five characteristics of a civilization?
Can I be pregnant even after having a period?	Can one be pregnant after three days of period?
How do you potty train White Pitbull puppies?	How do you potty train a 4 months Pitbull?
How could I improve my English pronunciation?	What can I do to improve my English speaking?
What is the easiest way to learn how to draw?	How can I learn to draw?
How do you differentiate between creativity and innovation?	What is the difference between creativity and innovation? How do you define creativity? How do you define innovation?
What is the best way to cook precooked turkey?	What is the best way to cook a precooked turkey?
How can I beat procrastination?	What is the best way to kill procrastination?
What is the difference between a commercial mortgage broker and a home loan broker?	What is commercial mortgage broker? What is the difference between a commercial mortgage broker and a home loan broker?
How can I slowly lose weight?	How do I lose weight?
Will regular masturbation eventually make you sterile and have a lower sperm count?	Does masturbation really reduce the sperm count?
How I use this Quora?	What after signing up on Quora?
What are the pros and cons of adopting a dog versus buying from a breeder?	Why should I adopt a dog from a shelter rather than buying one from a breeder?
Which handwriting font looks the best?	Which handwriting font is the best?
How could start with open source development?	How can I contribute to open source development?
How do I become an saint?	How do you become a saint?
Why can’t I delete my own Quora question?	How do I delete a question on Quora application?
How are international students from Hong Kong going to be affected after Donald Trump becomes president?	Is Donald Trump a threat for international students?
Which is the best GATE coaching institute in Kerala?	Which is the best gate coaching centre in Kerala?
How can I continue to improve my English?	I want to improve my English?
How should I prepare and what are materials to refered for WAT/GD/PI for IIM PGDM selection process?	What is the best way to prepare for the second stage of the IIM selection process?
What are some statistics I can use to prove to my friend climate change is real?	How would you unequivocally prove to a layperson that climate change exists?
What's your new year resolution for 2017?	What's your new year 2017 resolution to improve your daily life routine?
Is Red Bull energy drink made by bull sperm?	Do energy drinks (such as Red Bull) have bull sperm in it?
What is the material used in Indian currency?	Which fibre is used in Indian currency manufacturing?
How many times can one have sex in a week?	How many times you do sex in a week?
Why should you balance chemical equations?	Why are chemical reactions balanced?
What are some questions that you should never ask on Quora?	What are some questions you should never ask a Quora user?
Is journalism a good career option?	Is journalism a good career nowadays?
Why do all my questions need improving on quora?	What are the ten best ways to improve my questions on Quora?
What is your score in KVPY SA 2016 (aptitude test)? What is the expected cutoff?	What is the KVPY SA expected cut off for 2016?
Can a high school teacher legally force students to stay in class after the bell has rung?	Is it illegal for teachers to hold students after the bell rang?
How much money can country print?	Why can't every country print as much money as they want? What puts a limit on the printing?
Is there any solid evidence to suggest that there is life after death?	What evidence supports life after death?
Can a teacher refuse a student?	Can a teacher refuse to teach a student?
How can you overcome food allergies?	Can you reverse a food allergy?
How do I potty train a puppy?	How do you potty train a 6-month old Pit Bull?
Is demonetizing of "500/1000 INR" a permanent solution to curb Black Money and Corruption?	How Rs.2000 currency notes will reduce black money market or corruption?
How do i lose weight?	How can I lose an extreme amount of weight?
What is average package for mechanical engineers in PSUs?	What is the average package of mechanical engineers in PSUs?
How does Hawala work?	What is Hawala? And what is the Hawala scandal?
How much money can I legally claim as charitable donations before I become taxed in the US?	How much money in charitable donations can a person deduct from his/her taxes before being taxed on his/her donations in the US?
What are some of the best places to visit in Kerala in a span of 5 days?	Which is best place to stay and visit in Kerala?
Which programming language is best for developing low-end games?	What coding language should I learn first for making games?
Why are Aeroplanes painted white?	Why are most airliners painted white?
What business can I start with 1000 rupees?	How do I start a business with 1000 rupees?
What is the difference between cream and paste?	What is the difference between a paste and a cream?
Which are some best coaching centers for CA ipcc in delhi?	Which is the best coaching institute for CA-IPCC in Delhi?
Why do I feel inferior among all Quorans?	Why do I feel so inferior here on Quora?
What causes thunder and lightning?	Why does thunder come out?
Who will win in a war between India and Pakistan?	Who will win the war between India and Pakistan if we go all round indigenous?
When do you know when it's time to break up with someone?	How do you know when you should break up with someone?
Should Donald Trump be president of the USA?	Is Donald Trump the president USA deserves?
Is Joomla LMS a good learning information system?	Why is Joomla LMS considered a good learning information system?
What day in your life did you consider to be the best day ever?	What is the best day of your life and what made it so amazing it stayed in your mind forever?
Who are the founders of Google?	Who invented Google?
What is the best place to learn Spanish or meet people who speak Spanish?	What is the best place to learn the Spanish language?
Isn't taxation robbery?	Why isn't taxation stealing?
What does Richard Muller think of philosophy?	What does Richard Muller think about philosophy?
Can a running electric motor produce its own energy?	Can an electric motor run itself?
How do I change my profile photo in here on Quora?	How can I change my Quora profile photo?
How do you manage anxiety?	How do I manage my overwhelming anxiety?
What will happen if Donald Trump wins election?	What will happen if Donald Trump wins?
How can Gundam Seed & its sequel Destiny be improved so fans can like it more?	What were the flaws of Gundam Seed & Destiny? How could the franchise have been better?
What are the amino acids?	What is amino acid?
Is the iPhone 7 waterproof enough to carry when kayaking?	What is it like to test iPhone 7's waterproof feature?
What's the most akward moment you ever had?	What is the most awkward moment you have ever experienced?
How can I track down who's impersonating me on Instagram?	What do I do if someone is impersonating me on Instagram?
Why do I feel tired when I wake up?	Why am I always tired when I wake up?
Who will be the best PM to replace modi in 2019?	Who will be best candidate for PM in 2019 in India?
Which is the best laptop below Rs 30000?	What is the best laptop under 30000 INR?
Why does my son with high-functioning autism/aspergers go bananas at bedtime?	Why does my son with ASD/Aspergers go bananas at bedtime?
What are the skills required to be placed in ZOHO?	What is are the qualification to be placed in Zoho?
What are the adaptations of the ciliate epithelial cell to its function?	What are the adaptations of the ciliated epithelial cell to its function?
What's the weirdest first date you ever had?	What was the weirdest first date you have ever had?
What is the best weight loss method?	The best way for weight loss?
How can long distance relationships be successful?	How do I survive in a long distance relationship?
How can I use "Kotlin Programming Language" for Android?	How can I get started with Kotlin Programming Language for Android?
Which is the best whey protein in the market?	What’s the best whey protein I can take?
Is it okay to marry a person who is 12 years older?	Is it okay to marry a man 12 years older?
Are Harry Potter films appropriate for children?	Are Harry Potter movies suitable for children?
How do I prepare for CAT 2017 from now?	How do I prepare for CAT 2017 from August?
How many countries are there?	How many countries are there in the world?
Is there a way for the DNC to replace Hillary Clinton at this point? Who would replace her if she withdraws from the race?	Who will replace Hillary Clinton if she drops out of the race because of her health problems?
What is an investment banker? How can one become an investment banker?	How can one become an investment banker?
Where can I find inspiration for writing songs?	How do you find inspiration for writing songs?
What should I do to get more traffic on my blog?	How Do I get traffic on website?
What are some coolest camping gadgets that exist that most people don't know about?	What are the best new camping gadgets that most people don't know about?
What are your New Year resolutions for the upcoming year 2017?	What's your New Year resolutions for 2017 and what will you do to accomplish your goal?
What is the quickest way to get meth out your system?	How can I get meth out of my system in two days?
Can you donate blood if you have the herpes virus?	Can I donate blood after having herpes?
How close are we (or not close) right now to World War 3?	Are we near World War 3?
What are the best ways to put on weight?	How can I put on weight?
From where I can learn Python OpenCV?	Where I can learn Python OpenCV?
What type of questions on Quora you find annoying?	What are some of the most annoying questions on Quora that you wanted to answer?
Why is memory important?	Why are memories important?
What do 'you' think about Islam?	What you think about Islam?
How do I detect the methanal levels in the air?	How do you detect the methane levels in the air?
What is the scope of mechanical design engineers in usa?	What is the scope of mechanical design engineering in the USA and its job prospects?
Does Hillary Clinton wear blue contacts?	Why does Hillary wear blue contact lenses?
What are some interesting things to know?	What are some interesting things which we should know?
How would one build his own gaming computer?	How do I build a computer?
What are the best Indian stocks to invest in 2017?	Which are the best stocks to buy in India?
Who do you think will win the 2016 presidential election?	Who do you think is going to win the 2016 presidential election?
How do I get winter internship at iit for electrical student?	How do I get an Internship in IIT?
How does the selfie stick work?	How do selfie stick works for Android?
What is the difference between wires and cables?	What is difference between wire and cable?
How can I get an internship at IISc?	How can I get an internship in IISC?
What are some must-read books for computer science undergrads?	What books would you suggest for a computer science undergraduate?
What is a credit score and why does it matter?	What is a credit score and how important it is?
How was the Indian caste system created?	How did the caste system begin?
What are good game engines?	What are the best 5 game engines?
Who is the best fictional character?	Who is the best fictional character ever?
What is a remedy for dandruff?	What are some solutions to dandruff?
What are some good places to enjoy sunrise in Hyderabad?	Where are the best sunrise spots in Hyderabad?
How much would a pregnant belly show at 1 month?	What does a 1 month pregnant belly look like?
What does a Trump presidency mean for Indian students looking to pursue Master's degrees in USA?	What would a Trump presidency mean for current international master’s students on an F1 visa?
What are the best Engineering Colleges in Punjab?	Which is the best engineering college in Punjab?
Which is the best way to learn SAP UI5/ SAP FIORI?	How we can learn sap UI5/sap Fiori? Which is the best?
What daily routine is recommended for law of attraction?	How do I manifest everything I want using law of attraction?
What was the most embarrassing moment in front of your girlfriend?	What is the embarrassing thing you have done in front of your crush?
How do I stop expecting from others?	How do I stop expecting so much from others?
How can you define luck?	How do you define the word "luck" actually?
What is the Expected cutoff for KVPY SA stream 2016?	What do you think the cutoff of KVPY 2016 SA would be?
What are good topics for an architecture graduation thesis?	What are interesting projects to consider when thinking about a specific architecture topics for a thesis?
Which MBA stream is better to pursue a mechanical engineer as fresher?	Which stream in MBA is best for a mechanical engineer?
Will time travel be possible in future?	Is time travel theoretically possible?
How drunk is too drunk?	How much is too much too drunk?
How to get percentage between two numbers?	How do you find a percentage of two numbers?
How does the HP OfficeJet 4620 Airprint compare to the HP DesignJet Z3200 24-in PostScript Photo Printer?	How does the HP OfficeJet 4620 Airprint compare to the HP Color LaserJet Pro M452dw?
What was your first sexual experience like for you?	What's your experience about your first sex?
What is the fastest way to lose weight safely?	How can you lose weight quickly?
Who is your favorite bible character?	Who is your favorite Bible character and why?
What are the animals that live in the desert?	What are the types of animals that live in a desert?
What does it actually means to be SUCCESSFUL?	What does it actually mean to be successful?
What is the best way to celebrate christmas?	How do you celebrate Christmas?
Which is the best programming language for a beginner to learn?	What is the best programming language for a beginner?
What type of programming languages should I learn to be a successful web developer?	What programming languages should I learn to become a good web developer including both front end and back end?
What is the difference between NRI and NRE?	What are the differences between an NRI and an NRE account?
How can you determine the resonance structures of N3?	How can you determine the resonance structure for N3?
How do I remove pubic hairs?	How do I remove pubic hair?
How can I beat procrastination?	How can I overcome the procrastination?
How do you stop an 8 week Husky puppy from biting my shoes?	How do I stop my Pit Bull/English Bulldog mix from biting my shoes?
How do you stop a German Shepherd/Golden Retriever mix puppy from chewing your shoes?	What should I do if my Shepherd/Retriever mixed puppy is chewing my shoes?
What is monopoly? What are the advantages and disadvantages?	What is a monopoly? What are the advantages and disadvantages?
Which is the best coaching class for CFA Level 1 in Mumbai?	What are the best institutions for CFA level 1 in Mumbai?
What are the best ways to deal with and/or avoid jet lag?	How can you prevent jet lag?
Is there any good centre for Hadoop training in Chennai?	What is the best Hadoop training center in Chennai?
Are both Brahma and Saraswati & Abraham and Sarah the same?	Are Abraham and Brahma same?
How long does meth stay detectable in the body through testing?	How long can meth be detected through a urine drug screen?
How do you run fast with the ball glued to your feet?	How do you run fast with the ball glued to your feet in soccer?
Will Donald Trump actually make America great again?	Will Donald Trump really make America great again?
How do I be a best product designer?	How does one become a better product designer?
How do I learn machine learning?	How do I start learning machine learning?
Why is India bothered about CPEC?	Why does India feel insecure with CPEC?
What is the origin of gravitational force?	What is the reason of gravitational force?
How do one get out of a love triangle?	How do I get out from love triangle?
How can you calculate pressure under water?	How do you determine the pressure under water?
What's the best way to find myself?	How I find myself?
Why does Dubai Police drive fast car?	Why Dubai police department have lot of super cars?
Why don't space shuttles create a sonic boom?	Do space shuttles create sonic boom? If no then why?
How safe is Airbus Air-Crafts as compared to Boeing Air-Crafts?	How do the safety records of a Boeing aircraft and the Airbus aircraft compare?
How can I improve my aptitude for placement?	What ways I can Improve mathematicsl and aptitude skills?
Why are most people on Quora liberal?	Why is Quora so obviously and may I add unfairly Liberal?
What is the correct age to love?	At what age we should fall in true love?
What is the demand of oracle ATG in market?	What is the demand of Oracle ATG in the market?
Which technology is used in the current run metro train in mumbai?	What is the technology used in the Mumbai metro train?
How can I commit suicide without any pain?	What is best way to commit suicide painlessly?
What are some free ways to promote a website?	What are some cool and unique ways of marketing for promoting a website?
Why does Hollywood suck at making a good video game movie?	Why aren't there any good video game movies?
How does one cope with and eventually overcome Social Anxiety Disorder?	How do I overcome social anxiety?
What do you think is the best solution for the Kashmir issue?	What is the possible solution for Kashmir issue?
Why do so many people ask questions on Quora.com when they could easily find the answers themselves online?	Why do so many people ask questions on Quora that can be found in a Google search?
What is the easiest way to earn money using internet?	What is the best way for making money online?
What are the movies you must watch once before you die?	Which movie should I watch before I die?
What are chloroplasts? What functions do they have?	What are the main functions of chloroplasts?
What are some cool Android phone hacks?	What are some cool android hacks?
How did you meet your best friend?	Where did you meet your best friend?
How did the Israeli-Palestinian conflict start?	What is the history of the Israeli-Palestinian conflict?
How I can ask question on Quora?	How do I post a question here?
Is it possible to time travel to past?	Is time travel possible? If yes? How?
What are some ways to learn how to forgive yourself?	How do you learn to forgive yourself?
Who do you think won the second Trump-Hillary debate?	Who won the second presidential debate: Trump or Clinton?
What can you say about Filipino people?	What is your honest opinion about the Philippines and Filipino people?
Why is Saltwater Taffy candy imported in Greece?	Why are saltwater taffy imported in Japan?
I'm in love with my best friend but she doesn't feel the same. What should I do?	I loved my best friend. But she didn't feel the same. How do I get over her?
Does chartered accountancy hold value or not?	Does Chartered accountancy course still hold value?
How are views of blog posts counted on Quora Blogs?	How does Quora calculate how many views does an answer have?
What was the craziest dream that you've ever had?	What is the weirdest dream you've ever heard?
What helps against sore throat?	What's good for a sore throat?
How was militarism a cause of World War 1?	How was militarism considered a cause of World War I?
How does law of attraction work?	Does law of attraction really works?
Are indoors have much thinner air than outdoors?	Is indoors have thinner air than in outdoors?
How did Severus Snape create sectumsempra?	Harry Potter (creative franchise): How did Snape invent the Sectumsempra?
How much money can I make in a week playing poker?	How much money can I truly make playing poker every week if I work hard?
Who would win in a fight: Thor or Superman?	Who would win in a fight between Thor and Superman?
What is the plot in the novel "Things Fall Apart"?	What is the plot of Things Fall Apart (1958 novel)?
How can I root my Samsung S6 edge?	How do I root a Samsung s6 edge?
What led Indian government to remove 500 and 1000 rs notes from circulation? Will be able to remove black economy?	Why is 500 and 1000 rupee notes discontinued?
What is the most effective way to complete a vast portion of the general studies syllabus for entrances which would be in a month's time?	What are some effective ways to memorise the vast syllabus of general studies?
What are the best ways to make money online?	What are ways of earning money online?
How do we measure the temperature of planets?	How can scientist measure temperatures from stars and planets?
How much one can save in The Netherlands?	How much you can save in The Netherlands?
What are some study hacks to study effectively?	What are some best study hacks for school?
Why do we need to philosophize?	Why do I need to philosophize with others?
How do you remove a computer virus?	How do i delete an computer virus?
What do people do when they are really bored?	What should I do when im bored?
Can I please get a crown on musical.ly?	How do you get a crown in Musical.ly?
Which is the best coaching center for IIT JEE in New Delhi?	Which is the best coaching center for IIT JEE in Delhi?
How can I become rich in short time?	How can I become rich?
What is the best way to start learning C language within a month?	How should I start to learn c language?
How do I find out someone's name by a picture?	How can you find out someone's name from a picture?
How do I improve my English language?	How I can speak English with fluency?
What is the biggest mistake people do when they chose their partner?	What are the biggest mistakes people make when choosing a partner for marriage?
Is it possible to burn body fat and gain muscle at the same time? If yes how?	Is it possible to lose fat and gain muscle simultaneously?
What should I do to improve my English ?	How can I learn English well？?
Cardiology: Is it true that you can die from a broken heart?	Do you think you can actually die of a broken heart?
How can I earn money online?	How can we earn money online in india?
Why has the Modi Government banned the 500 and 1000 rupee notes?	Doesn't it defeat the purpose of demonetizing 500 and 1000 rupee bill if the Government of India introduces new 500 and 2000 rupee bills?
Is it right to have a crush on teacher?	Is it wrong to have a crush on your teacher?
Should we drink coconut water during fever?	Can we drink coconut water during fever?
How do tasers work?	How do handheld tasers work?
Who is more likely to be the President of India in 2017?	Who can become the next President of India and why?
What are your resolutions for 2017? And why?	What are your New Year resolutions for the upcoming year 2017?
What is the probability of getting four of a kind (four cards having the same denomination) in a deck of 52 cards?	How can I calculate the probability of getting four of a kind in a deck of 52 cards?
What was the best memory of your childhood?	What is your best childhood memory?
When will iOS 10 be released?	When will iOS 10 be officially released?
I forgot my Apple ID and password. How do I unlock my iPhone 4S?	How can I unlock an iPhone without knowing the Apple ID or password?
Where in India does KFC get the chickens? Are they haram or halal?	Is KFC chicken halal?
How do I get funding to turn a software idea to a working prototype?	How can I get funding for my invention ideas?
How do you download Netflix movies to my computer?	Is there a way to download Netflix movies onto your computer?
How can I delete iCloud?	How can I effectively delete an iCloud account?
Does sex education at schools teach students about the dangers of online pornography?	Does sex ed at schools teach students about the dangers of online pornography?
What are the pros and cons of using biofuel?	What are the economic pros and cons of biofuels?
How would I dress like a workout guy from the year 1990?	What workout attire would guys wear in the summer like it's the year 1990?
Which bollywood movie is best at this time?	Which Bollywood movies are the best of all time?
What is the best bank for startups in Bangalore?	Which bank is good for startups in Bangalore?
What are the best places to visit on a 3-day trip in and around Kerala?	What are the best places to visit in Kerala? What is the best way of transportation there?
How do I improve English writing skills as well as the ability to analyse texts as an English learner?	How do I improve my English writing skills?
Does excessive masturbation lead to hair loss?	Can excessive masturbation cause hair loss or make you bald? How much is too much?
What is a Quantum satellite?	What is the mechanism of China's new quantum satellite?
How do I prepare for the SSC JE? (Mechanical)	How can I prepare for SSC je from mechanical?
How can I quit chewing tobacco?	How can I quit the habbit of chewing tobacco?
I scored 153 in SSC CGL 2016 tier 1. How much should I score in tier 2 to get into the CSS?	I got 155 in tier 1 in CGL 2016 what should be the good score in tier 2 for ending up with a good interview post like ASO in CSS?
What are the origins of Norse mythology?	How did Norse mythology originate?
What is the easiest way to become wealthy?	How can I become financially wealthy?
How do I get more views on my answers in Quora?	How do I get many views on answers on Quora?
How did you feel on your first date?	How did you feel on your first date and when was it?
What are the best British television shows?	What are the best British TV series of all time?
What brings the smile on your face?	What puts a smile on your face?
What's your greatest challenge in life right now?	What is the one biggest problem in your life right now?
How do you find who a cell phone number belongs to for free?	How do I find out whose name belongs to a cell number?
What is the best way to earn money while doing nothing?	How do you earn money while doing nothing?
What can I do to make my girlfriend feel special on her birthday?	What is the best gift I can buy for my girl to make her feel special on her birthday?
How will I contact a genuine hacker?	Where can I find a qualified hacker?
What are the consequences for a dog that ate a frog?	What happens if a dog eats a frog?
What is your view on the move to scrap 500 and 1000 rupee notes? What will be its effects?	What do you think about RBI's new move of banning 500 and 1000 notes?
What are some examples of inclined planes in geometry?	What are some examples of inclined planes?
How will black money and corruption be stopped by banning 500 and 1000 notes?	How is India fighting corruption by scrapping 500 and 1000 rupee notes?
What is the difference between Quora and Stack Exchange?	What is the difference between StackExchange and Quora?
Why do people make noises during sex?	Why do women tend to make more noise during sex?
Could cars run on water?	Is it possible to make a car run on water?
What are the best ways to learn to cook?	How do I learn to cook?
How can I see who views my Instagram video?	Who view my instagram video?
Where is the cheapest country to visit?	What is the cheapest desirable country to explore?
How can I tell if my answer or comment has been downvoted and collapsed?	Is there a way to tell how many times an answer has been downvoted?
Why should graphic designers learn Python?	Should graphic designers learn Python?
How do I introduce myself to the interviewers?	How do I introduce myself in an interview at school?
Which is the best coaching institute for IIT-JEE in India?	Which are the best IIT JEE coaching classes in India?
How can I overcome porn addiction?	How do I self rehab from masturbation and porn addiction?
Can we use any of the images that we found using Google images search? Why or why not?	What happens if I use images from Google for my website without any permissions?
Is a B.S. in economics considered part of STEM?	Is economics considered a STEM field?
Isn't Donald Trump the logical culmination of where Republican politics has been heading for many years?	Is it fair to say that Donald Trump is "the logical culmination of where Republican politics has been headed for many years now"?
Why do people hate Hillary Clinton?	How is it that people hate Hillary Clinton?
What should a person do when everything goes wrong in their life?	What should do when nothing goes right in life?
To what extent do you upvote an answer because of the writer and to what extent do you upvote an answer because of the answer itself?	Is it me or are many of Quora's answers upvoted because of the writer instead of the answer itself?
What is your worst birthday memory? Why?	Worst birthday you have experienced in your life. Was it something you got or something that happened?
Does anyone think that new currency notes of 2000 issued in India have bad design?	How safe is new Rs 500 and Rs 2000 Indian currency notes?
What are the best ways to lose weight?	How can I lose post marriage weight?
What was the best day of your life? (Excluding family things like births)	What day in your life did you consider to be the best day ever?
How do I make time go faster at boring times?	How do I make time go by faster?
How can I download videos from Hotstar and save it in my phone memory?	How can I save downloaded videos from hotstar app to phone memory?
How do I get rid of acne and acne causes?	How do I get rid of acne naturally?
How can I find out my career interests?	How should I find out my career interests?
How do you spend your weekend doing something useful in Bangalore?	What is a good way to spend a sunday in Bangalore?
Since the speed the universe is expanding is increasing what will happen when we reach the speed of light?	If the universe is expanding when will it exceed the speed of light?
How to earn money online without any skill?	How do I earn lucrative money online without having to possess specific skills?
How many medals has India won in Olympics till now?	How many medals have Indian athletes won in Olympics till now?
How do I avoid food poisoning?	What can you do to avoid food poisoning?
What never fails to make you smile?	What specific activity never fails to make you happy?
How do I recover my Gmail account when it does not open after password reset?	How can I recover my Gmail account's password?
What is the reason behind the resignation of Tata Sons (Tata Group) chairman Cyrus Mistry?	Why TATA sons replaced Cyrus Mistry to Ratan TATA?
What are the best ways to find jobs in India?	What is the best way to find job in India?
Is the climate an hoax?	Is the global warming climate change things for real or a hoax?
Can Gary Johnson win the presidency in 2016?	Does Gary Johnson stand a chance in the 2016 election?
What do I do with a difficult coworker?	How would you tackle a difficult colleague?
Why do men have mustaches?	Why do people have mustaches?
Has modern medicine and technology eliminated Natural Selection in humans?	Has human innovation eliminated natural selection?
Is it dangerous to turn on the AC while the car is moving?	Is it good to open the AC in the car when it is moving?
Which TV series are worth watching?	What TV series do you watch and why?
Is there any proof that Extra Terrestrial person live?	Do we have proof for extra terrestial life?
How do I earn money being a student?	How do I earn money as a student?
How is Trump going to make America great again?	How is Donald Trump going to make America great again?
What is the average length of an Airbnb booking?	What is the average length of stay for all Airbnb bookings?
When is the right time to start competitive coding?	What is the best time to start competitive coding?
What should be strategy for CAT 2017?	What is the preparation strategy for CAT 2017?
Why is labor in China so cheap?	Why is labour in China so cheap?
How can I improve my English writing skills in an effective way?	What are the best ways to improve my writing skills in English.?
Why are Muslims prohibited to eat pork?	Why is it that Muslims don’t eat pork meat?
What causes earth to rotate it about its own axis?	What Is the cause of earth rotation around Its axis?
Can we still live without money?	What are some good ways to live without money?
How could I get financial help for a startup?	How did startups get financial help?
What kinds of activities do old people like to do these days?	What kind of things do old people like?
Can I make money online?	What are the easiest ways to make good money using the Internet?
Will the Asian elephant die out in China if the CCP collapses?	What will happen to elephants if the CCP collapses?
Is it fine to be in a relationship in the first year of college?	Do you think it's fine to be in a relationship during college?
What is the difference between incubator and Accelerator?	What is the difference between startup incubators and accelerators?
How did the first man come into existence?	How did man come into existence - who was the first man?
Which are some of the best pictures ever taken?	What is the best photo ever taken in your life?
How do you remove super glue from your hand?	What solvents dissolve super glue from skin?
What is the best answer for why should we hire you?	What is the best answer when we are asked by interviewers why should we hire you?
Can we time travel?	Do you think time travel is possible?
Why does India so scared of CPEC?	Why does India oppose CPEC?
How do I study for science and mathematics Olympiads?	How do I study for Olympiads?
How do I overcome my fear of ghosts?	How do I overcome fear of ghosts?
What should be the minimum strength of brick?	What is the minimum strength of one brick?
How is it working at Goldman Sachs?	What does it feels like to work for Goldman Sachs?
What is a high pressure boiler? What is its range?	What is the difference in functioning of low pressure and high pressure boilers?
What websites do you visit everyday that are beneficial to your overall happiness and satisfaction?	What are the best websites to visit everyday?
How shoud I start my preparation for IAS?	How do I start preparation for IAS?
Can we earn money through Quora?	How can I earn money on Quora?
How can I improve my grades?	How can I dramatically improve my grades?
What makes you feel grateful?	What makes you feel grateful for every day?
Why did Arnab Goswami Resigned?	Why does Arnab Goswami left Times Now?
What are the best destinations for solo trip in India?	What are the best destination for a solo traveler in India?
How much money does Sam Altman make as Y Combinator's President?	What is the compensation package of Sam Altman at Y Combinator?
What does it mean when a girl in public is staring at you and has a big smile?	What does it mean when a girl stares in your eyes and smiles?
What will Bill Clinton do in the White House if Hillary wins?	What would Bill Clinton's role be if Hillary is elected President? Will he have a job in the White House?
Is it necessary to have birth certificate obtained from municipality's board in order to apply for passport in India?	Is the original birth certificate necessary to apply for a passport in India?
What are the safety precautions on handling shotguns proposed by the NRA in New Hampshire?	What are the safety precautions on handling shotguns proposed by the NRA in Mississippi?
What is the iq of the average person?	What is the average IQ of a person?
Where can I get an unique taste for cupcakes in Gold Coast?	Where can I found different cupcake flavors in Gold Coast?
What are the best solutions to overcome anxiety and depression after breakup?	How do I overcome depression after breakup?
Which are the top Digital marketing agences in India?	Which is the best digital marketing company in india?
How do I prepare for the toefl exam?	How can I study for TOEFL exam?
Will IRNSS be more accurate than GPS?	Is the ISRO's IRNSS better than American GPS?
How will the demonetization affect the value of rupee against dollar?	Will demonetization increase rupee value against dollar?
How do I speak English fluently?	How can I learn English well？?
How will GST boost India's economy?	What are the advantages of GST for the Indian economy?
Which is more dangerous: AC or DC power?	Which is more danger- AC or DC?
How can I read a balance sheet?	How do you read the balance sheet of a company?
What would be the best laptop under Rs. 50k?	What are the best laptops under Rs. 50000?
What is substantive law and difference been procedural law?	What are the differences between procedural law and substantive law?
Why do some people call Donald Trump racist?	Why do some people say that Donald Trump is racist?
How do I add a description/elaborate my question on Quora?	How do I add question details on Quora?
What is happening in Venezuela?	What is happening in Venezuela and why?
How can I make a suicide look like an accident?	I just want to die. How can I make it look like an accident?
What is the difference between motion and movement?	What is the difference between motion and movement? Is they are the same?
What are some amazing engineering facts in the Indian Railways?	What are some amazing facts about the Indian Railways?
How do I increase my height after 22?	How do I increase my height?
Why don't people think for themselves?	Why dont people think for themselves?
How was your first day in college?	How was the first day of your college?
Does Fight Club (the movie) appeal to women?	Does fighting (as in the Fight Club movie) appeal to women?
Why do people take photos of themselves?	Why do people like taking photos of themselves?
How can I get started using Quora?	How I use this Quora?
How do I download a video from any website?	How can any streaming data audio/video can be downloaded from a website?
Why do you learn foreign languages?	Why should I learn foreign languages ​​?
What are the pros and cons of eating watermelon at night?	What are the effects of eating watermelon at night?
Which are the famous historical places in Chhattisgarh?	Where are the Historical places in Chhattisgarh?
What are the best ways to search for a job in Silicon Valley?	How does one get a job in Silicon Valley?
What is the best advice for a first time entrepreneur founder/CEO on the first hires?	What is the best advice you had for a young CEO that's doing his first start-up?
How do I get over failure?	How can i get over any failure?
What companies would you recommend to buy a used rental car from?	Is it a good idea to buy a used car from a car rental agency?
I can't seem to ask anything anymore. Why does Quora keep marking all my questions as needing improvement?	Why does Quora always marks my question as needing improvement?
What is the best way to live a meaningful life?	How do we live a meaningful life?
How did you expand your vocabulary?	What is the easiest way to improve my vocabulary?
How do I get meth out of my system in 3 days?	How do I get meth out of my system in 2 days?
What are the parts of a nuclear power plant? What are their functions?	What is the function of a nuclear power plant? What are it's components?
What would happen if India and Pakistan reunited?	What will happen if India and Pakistan happen to reunite as one country?
Which Indian companies are working in B2B E-commerce space?	Are there any e-commerce companies that work on a B2B model?
How can I see who viewed my Instagram videos?	What if I have viewed someone's video on Instagram but I'm not following them. Will they be able to see me in their viewer's list?
What cheap temporary housing options are available for a single Singaporean?	What cheap temporary housing options are available for a single Singaporean doing a masters?
What are the various ways through which one can earn money online?	What are ways of earning money online?
How safe are hotels in goa for unmarried couples?	Are there any hotels in Goa which could be safe for unmarried couples?
Is technology a boon or a bane? Why?	How is technology a boon or a bane?
Why do some Americans think Hillary Clinton is evil?	Why is Hillary Clinton so evil?
Why are people so judgmental of everything?	Why are people so judgemental?
Can you provide me the list of the best hollywood movies you have seen?	What are some of the movies of Hollywood that you must watch?
Why do people need to believe in supernatural powers?	What makes people believe in the supernatural?
Why do dogs bark during mid night?	Why dogs bark more at nights?
What if India and Pakistan went on war today?	What will be the consequences of India and Pakistan war?
How can I delete my Instagram account if I don't know my old password or email?	How do I delete Instagram account when you forgot your password and email?
How do you treat pimple scars?	How can I remove pimple scars?
What are your views about governments decision to stop flow of 1000 and 500 rupee notes.?	What are your views on the decision of Narendra Modi to discontinue the use of 500 and 1000 currency notes?
Should new actors start in commercials to build up their credits then focus on film/TV after?	Should new actors start in commercials to build up their acting credits then focus on film/TV after?
Survey Question: What is your current WhatsApp status?	What is my WhatsApp status?
How do you stop a Terrier/Border Collie mix from humping your furniture?	How do I stop my Shepherd-Husky mix puppy from humping my furniture?
What are the lastet social media trends?	What are the recent social media trends to follow?
When do I use gerund form?	How do I use gerunds?
What do you think of the decision by the Indian Government to demonetize 500 and 1000 rupee notes?	What do you think of the decision by the Indian Government to replace 1000 notes with 2000 notes?
What will it take for me to become an astrophysicist?	What do you have to do to become an astrophysicist?
Is there a way on Quora to ask why a specific question was marked as needs improvement?	All my questions on Quora need improvement. What is the best way to ask a question on Quora?
What are some really interesting questions to ask the regular public for experimental videos?	What are some really interesting questions to ask the public for experimental video?
How I build a stamina?	How can I built stamina?
How can I be a good mother?	What are the qualities of a good mother?
Why is the study of law important?	Why should I study law?
Why do people keep buying Apple products?	Why do people use Apple products? What a pain in the ass?
What are some of your favorite red herrings from Alfred Hitchkok Presents episodes?	What are some of your favorite red herrings from Alfred Hitchcock Presents episodes?
Should I prepare for cat 2017?	How would I stratify my preparations for the CAT 2017?
What do you absolutely hate about Quora?	Why I do not like Quora?
What are the advantages and disadvantages of outsourcing?	What are the advantages of outsourcing?
Why did they dump Osama bin laden in the ocean?	Why was Osama bin Laden buried at sea?
What would happen if moon falls on earth?	What would happen if the Moon hit the Earth?
How can I improve my English in all aspects?	How I can speak English with fluency?
Who do you think will win the U.S. election in November?	Who will win the 2016 U.S. presidential election and why?
How can I see a persons most visited profile on Facebook?	Is threre any way to see who view my profile on facebook?
Which is the best and simple book to learn German grammar?	What is the best book for learning German grammar?
What is the greatest unsolved mystery in the Universe?	What is the greatest unsolved mystery of all time?
What is the average salary of JAVA developer?	What are an average salary of Java developer?
I forgot my Facebook and email password. How can I log into Facebook?	I forgot my email Id and password on Facebook. How can I log into Facebook?
What hygienic and safety concerns one keep in mind while travelling in Nepal?	What Hygienic and safety concerns should one keep in mind while travelling to Nepal?
Why is Pokemon go not working in India currently?	Has Pokémon GO stopped working in India?
Which is the best way to learn algebra quickly?	What is the best way to learn Algebra?
What are the downside of GST bill?	What is the drawback of GST bill?
What is make money online?	Is there any easy way to make money online?
How do you know if you're unconditionally in love with someone?	How do you know if you're in love?
Is there truly such thing as wasting time?	Is there such a thing as wasting time?
What parts do I need to build my own gaming PC?	What parts do I need to build a gaming PC?
Could Richard Nixon be accused of racism?	Was Richard Nixon racist?
What can I do to get a job at Microsoft?	How do I get a job at Microsoft?
What group of people have been the most privileged since American was founded?	Who are the most privileged people in the US?
DId something exist before the Big Bang?	Did matter exist before the big bang?
Why should I prepare for GATE (CSE)?	What is the best way to prepare for GATE in CSE?
What is the easy way to make money online?	How can I make money online consistently?
What is aptitude test?	What is an aptitude test?
What does the law of scarcity mean?	What is science of scarcity in economics?
Which are the top Hollywood movies of 2016?	Which is the best Hollywood movies of 2016? Why?
Why Modi is putting a ban on 500 and 1000 notes?	What is the reason behind government's ban on 500 & 1000 rupee notes? What are the immediate effects and how useful will it be in curbing black money?
What are the symptoms of being bipolar?	What are the symptoms of bipolar disorder?
Is it the right time to invest in mutual funds in India?	Is it the good time to buy mutual fund?
Is there space between universe?	What is in the space between universes?
What is the process in writing a novel?	What is the process of writing a novel like?
What is the best way to start learning cybersecurity?	What is the best way to learn cybersecurity?
How can you trace a phone call legally?	How can people trace the location of a call made from a cellular phone?
Why are saltwater taffy imported in Japan?	Why is Saltwater taffy candy imported in Mongolia?
What is the best way to avoid procrastination?	What's the best way to stop procrastinating?
Why would a guy try and kiss me after a first date and text he had fun that night and then disappear and never answer when I text him days after?	Why do guys try to kiss me after our first date but then don't contact me for days after or sometimes not at all?
Which is the best escort service in Bangalore?	Which is best escort agency in Bangalore?
What is demonetization in America?	What is demonetization in America\?
How do you know if a girl has a crush on you?	When do you know a girl has crush on you?
How is trump like compared to Clinton?	Can you compare Donald Trump with Hillary Clinton?
How does the HP OfficeJet 4620 Airprint compare to the HP LaserJet Enterprise M604dn?	How does the HP OfficeJet 4620 Airprint compare to the HP LaserJet Enterprise M506x?
Why do so many people ask questions on Quora that can be found in a Google search?	Why do people ask Quora questions which can be answered easily by Google?
Why am I sleepy all the time?	Why am I always sleepy and how can I avoid it?
Will India declare war against Pakistan?	Should India declare war against Pakistan?
What is the rule for a "follow on" in Test Cricket?	How is follow on is decided in test cricket?
What is the difference between Ireland and Northern Ireland?	What's the difference between Northern Ireland and The Republic of Ireland?
How do I apologize to my stubborn best friend?	How can I apologise to my best friend?
How does torrent work?	How do torrents work?
What are some things guys do that women cringe at?	What are the things women hate in a guy?
What is the meaning of a double standard?	What is meant by double standards?
Why do I get headaches everyday?	Why do I get so many headaches?
How winning money from YouTube?	How can I earn money through YouTube?
What are the facilities provided to an IES officer?	What are the facilities to an IES officer?
Is there any hack for coc?	How can I hack Clash of Clans?
What are your thoughts on the new 2016 MacBook Pro?	Is the Macbook pro 2016 overpriced?
Which one has better study material: FIITJEE or VMC? Why?	Which one is better: FIITJEE or VMC? Why?
Why should I visit Kerala?	Which is the best tourist place in Kerala?
Is manual testing dead?	Is manual testing dying?
What are the best moments of one's life?	What is the best moment in any one's life?
How can I increase the muscles of my legs?	What should I do to get muscle in my legs?
What are the opportunities of intercultural?	What are the opportunities of intercultural communication?
What should I do to become a good coder?	What should we do to be a good coder?
Do you think Kylo Ren is attracted to Rey?	Is Kylo Ren infatuated with Rey?
How do I search answers on Quora?	How can I search answers and questions in Quora?
What does communism mean? Answer in simple terms with examples.	What is communism in simple terms?
Why does restaurants/food joints add service tax for take away/home delivery bill?	What does the law says for service tax that restaurants charge in home delivery and take aways?
Can you get high in the slightest bit if you accidentally ingest a few microscopic specks of weed?	Can you get high eating a few specks of weed accidentally?
Do you trust the Clinton foundation with funds if they give less than 90% to the cause?	Do you trust the Clinton foundation when they give less than 90% to the cause?
Should everyone learn how to code?	Should everyone learn to code?
What are some of the evidences which proove that aliens do exist?	What are the proofs that aliens really exist?
What business can a mechanical engineer start easily?	What business could a mechanical engineer start?
What should be my strategy to earn coins in MiniClip 8 Ball Pool?	How do I get a lot of money in 8 ball pool?
What are the best (50) weapons for the Zombie Apocalipse?	What is the best zombie killing weapon?
Why do human need sleep?	Do we need sleep?
How can I increase my concentration?	How do we increase concentration?
How do exercising and physical activities help with stress?	How does regular physical activity help stress levels?
How far back in time could we go in the UK before we would start to be unable to understand the English of the day?	How far could I go back in time before I would not be able to understand an "English speaker"?
How do you determine the formula for beryllium oxide?	How can you determine the chemical formula for beryllium oxide?
Are all humans evil?	Are humans evil?
Where do I find a simple to understand solution on how to lose weight?	What would be a realistic plan to lose weight?
What are some of the best local places to visit in Goa?	What places should one visit in Goa?
How can I make better decisions?	How can we make better decisions in our life?
What will Obama do after he's done being President of the USA?	What will Obama do next after leaving the White House?
How can I earn money online?	What are some easy ways to make done extra money online?
Am I a psychic?	Am a I Seriously Psychic?
What would happen if Sherlock met Chandler?	What if Chandler Bing met Sherlock Holmes?
How do we know that black holes exist?	How do we actually know if black holes exist?
How can we control anger?	How do I control my emotions and anger?
How can I improve my studying?	I can never concentrate while studying?
What is sex intercourse?	What is sexual intercourse?
Why nobody replies to my questions on Quora?	Why are people not answering my questions on Quora?
How does the Hubble space telescope remain trained at a single point in space as it orbits the earth?	How does the Hubble Space Telescope take long exposure photos if it is constantly orbiting the Earth?
Why is Hillary Clinton worse than Donald Trump?	Who is better among Hillary Clinton and Donald Trump?
What are the advantages of the arbitrage pricing theory?	What are the advantages and disadvantages of arbitrage pricing theory?
What powers does the Indian Prime Minister have?	How much power do prime ministers/presidents really have?
What is the best way to prepare for ICSE board exams?	How Can I prepare for Class 10th Board Examinations ICSE?
Recover my Gmail?	How can I recover my Gmail account?
Do people really "enjoy" their jobs?	Can people really enjoy their jobs? Or is working supposed to be a suffering thing?
What company provides the best SEO services in India?	What are the best SEO service companies in India?
How does one discover his destiny?	How should one discover his destiny?
How will a boy know whether a girl likes him or not?	I really like a girl. How will I know if she likes me back or not?
What are the determinants of market structure?	What is the best way to determine market structure?
Is birth certificate compulsory for Indian passport?	Will matriculation certificate work as proof of birth while applying for Indian passport?
How can I boost my metabolism?	What can I drink to boost metabolism?
Do aliens exist? Is there any image proof?	Does alien and 'UFO' really exist? Is there any scientific proof?
Why do old people become grumpy as they age?	Why do old people get cranky?
What are some of the greatest unsolved mysteries of all time?	What is the greatest unsolved mystery in the Universe?
What was the best happening or moment in your life?	What are your best moments of life?
How can I develop photographic memory skills?	What is the best method to develop photographic memory?
What does business analyst in an IT company do?	What is the role of a business analyst in the CS/IT industry?
What really happened during 9/11?	What really happened on 9/11?
What is the difference between penitentiary and jail?	What are the differences between a penitentiary and a jail? What are their similarities?
How can I become famous one day?	How do I become famous?
What is one of the biggest misconceptions people have about you?	What do you perceive to be the biggest misconception people have about you? Why do you think this misconception exists?
What is meant by black hole?	What do we mean by black hole?
Who is a good employment lawyer in Los Angeles?	Who are the top employment law attorneys in Los Angeles?
Have you ever seen any ghost?	Have you ever seen or experienced a ghost in "India"?
Where can I get a loan with no credit?	How do you get a loan with no credit?
What are North Korean prisons like?	How harsh is a North Korean prison?
How do I support a friend who wants to quit smoking?	How do I help someone close to me quit smoking?
How do I become partners with tech companies in China?	How do ibecome partners with tech companies in China?
Why is Manaphy crying incessantly throughout in Pokemon Ranger and The Temple of The Sea?	Why is Manaphy bipolar in Pokémon ranger and the Temple of the sea?
Which is the best video game?	Which video game is the best and why?
What are some ways to kill boredom?	What should I do to beat boredom?
Why do people often ask questions in Quora while they can Google it themselves?	Why do so many people ask google-able questions on Quora?
Which is the best song of Lata Mangeshkar and why?	Which are the best songs of Lata Mangeshkar?
Why do we love watching movies?	Why do you love movies?
Are Quora Top Writers picked automatically by an algorithm?	How does Quora choose its Top Writers?
What's the best riddle you've ever heard?	What are some of the best riddles you have heard?
What is the best life changing decision you made?	What is the best decision you have ever made?
How many lawsuits has Donald Trump filed? How many has he paid damages?	How many lawsuits have resulted in Donald Trump paying damages?
Who and what is Quora?	What is quora?
Why can't I post a picture on Quora?	Why can't I post pictures on Quora?
Why don't girls approach guys?	Why don't women approach guys they like?
What is/are your favorite anime(s)? Why?	What's your favorite anime? And why?
It is possible to get rid of cellulite? How?	Why do people have cellulite and how do you get rid of it?
Is getting a certificate in game design a good idea for getting into the games industry?	Is a certificate in game design worth anything?
What is Tolstoy’s War & Peace all about?	What is War and Peace about?
What are the best universities that offer embedded systems?	What are the top university in USA for embedded systems?
How can I flirt with unknown girl?	How do I flirt unknown girls?
How do you do a 3 way call on an iPhone?	How do you make a 3 way call using an iPhone?
How can I increase memory power?	How can I improve my memory problem?
Do black holes have infinite density?	Wouldn't a singularity like a black hole or the start of the big bang have to contain infinite amount of matter to achieve infinite density?
How do I increase my height after 16?	Does height increase after 18 years?
What is the QuickBooks technical support phone number in New York?	What is the QuickBooks Hosting Support Number?
What are some ideas of a new business with low investment to start in India?	What are good business ideas with low investment in India?
What is the best way make extra money?	What's the best way to make fast cash?
What are the best places to visit in the USA?	What are the most interesting places in the USA?
What is best way to learn English speaking?	What can I do to improve my English speaking?
Is it necessary to have sex in relationship?	Is sex important in a relationship?
How do I stop being jealous over other people's success and creativity?	How can I stop being jealous of the success of others?
Why is the world so unfair?	Is the world unfair to you?
Why is Donald Trump running for president?	What made Donald Trump run for president?
Who are you voting for president? Give a reason.	Who are you voting for and why?
What is factor of production?	What is a factor of production?
Has Quora turned into a political hack for Clinton?	Is Quora biased towards Hillary Clinton?
What are some of the best songs while on a road trip or travelling?	What are the best car songs while on road trips?
How do you deal with existential depression?	How does one avoid existential depression?
How much time would it take a beginner to learn web developing?	How much time does it take to learn web development?
How can someone improve my life?	What is the best way to improve your life?
How do I speak English fluently at an interview?	How can I speak fluent English with accuracy?
How do I get a job in VLSI companies?	How can I get into a start up vlsi company during 7th semester?
How can guys last longer during sex?	How do I last longer in sex?
How do I stop my Labrador/Pug mix from humping my pillows?	How do you stop your Boxer/Pitbull mix from humping your furniture?
What is the penultimate purpose of life?	What is the GRAND purpose of life?
How will I know if a girl is virgin?	How do I know if a lady is a virgin?
Who is the greatest golfer of all time?	Who is the greatest golfer in history?
How do I write an essay?	Why is it so hard to write an essay?
What is the step-by-step procedure to start preparing for IAS?	How do I start preparing for ias step by step for prelims and mains?
What is best source for start learning digital marketing?	What should I learn to become a best digital marketer?
How do I last longer with sex?	I am a 20 year old male. How can I last longer during sex?
What is the best way of learning?	What is the best way to learn how to learn?
How many days before my period can I get pregnant?	Is it possible to get pregnant before your regular period?
What are the requirements for the PMP Certification?	What are PMP certification prerequisites?
What is the quickest possible way to lose weight?	What is the best and quick way to lose weight?
What is the difference between unicellular and multicellular organism?	What is the difference between a unicellular and multicellular organism?
How would Donald Trump's win affect India?	How will Trump's victory affect India?
What are some tips on how I can become more intelligent/wise?	What activities can I do in my spare time to train my brain and become more intelligent?
How do I come up with skit ideas for YouTube?	How do I come up with YouTube skit ideas?
Was Steve Jobs a genius?	Did Steve Jobs actually invent or was he just a great marketing genius?
How do I get free PSN codes 2016?	How do you get PSN codes?
How do I promote your website?	What is the best way to promote your website?
What is the helpline number of Zoho Customer Care?	What is 1~888~633~5526 USA zoho support number for help?
How do I tell if a girl I sit next to likes me?	How should I know if this girl likes me or not?
There is any solution for hair fall?	What is the solution of hair fall?
Why are my questions always flagged as needing improvement?	Why are some questions on Quora flagged as needing improvement when they don’t need improvement?
How was the KVPY 2016 SA paper? What is the expected cutoff?	What is the expected cut off for KVPY SA 2016?
What are the benefits of e-filing income tax online?	What are the benefits of filing income tax return online?
What is the best Call of Duty game of all time?	What is the best Call Of Duty?
How can I always act on my ideas?	How can I act out my ideas?
What force caused the Big Bang?	What caused the Big Bang?
What would happen if Obama were to lead Russia?	How would Barack Obama fare if he were elected President of Russia?
How do you add an image to a question or a post on Quora?	How do I add photos to my questions on Quora?
What is the current bank rate?	What is the present bank rate?
Should people over 95 not be allowed to vote?	Should people over 99 not be allowed to vote?
How can I find a faculty position?	How competitive is this CV with respect to securing a faculty position?
Which is your favorite movie?	What are some of your favorite movies?
What open source project did you start contributing with?	How can I contribute to open source development?
What is that one thing that you will even die for?	What is the one thing you would die for?
What is the best site for downloading eBooks?	The best site to download free ebooks?
What is the kinkiest thing you've ever done?	What is the kinkiest thing you've done?
What is the trick to maintaining long distance relationships?	Why do long distance relationships fail?
What is the difference between "love" and "like"?	What is the difference between liking and loving?
What all preparation do I need to do to clear the CAT in 2017?	What are best ways to prepare for cat 2017?
How do I prepare for IBPS clerk Mains 2016 exam?	How do I prepare for IBPS clerk Mains exam 2016?
How can I open a PPF account? And what are its benefits?	What is PPF account?
What cause ear popping when chewing?	What causes ear popping when chewing?
How can I get myself a friend with benifits in India?	How do I get friends with benifits in India?
How do I forget someone whom I really love?	How can I train my mind to forget someone I love?
How can we make our environment clean?	How do we keeping the environment clean?
Why has the government not appointed the LOKPAL even after 2 years of coming to power?	Why has Modi not appointed CIC and Lokpal even after 10 months of coming to power?
How do I increase body height?	How should I increase my height?
How can I get rid of acne and scars?	"How do I get rid of acne and acne…?
How do I add a photo in answer on Quora on my phone?	How do I add pictures to Quora questions?
What are the resolutions you are going to take for the upcoming New year 2017?	What is your new year resolution for 2017 or goal for 2017?
What are the best ad campaigns you have seen?	Which is the best ad campaign?
How do Muslims celebrate Christmas?	What do Muslims think about Christmas? Are there any Muslims who celebrate it?
Why can't we make a time machine?	Is it possible to invent the time machine?
How can I improve my communication and verbal skills?	How should we improve communication skills?
What are good horror movies to watch?	What are the best horror movies that will keep you up at night?
Why is the national flag of Libya all green before 2011?	What does Libya's solid green flag represent?
What are some tips you would give to an 8th grader going to high school?	What should an 8th grader know before high school?
Which celebrities are pro Trump?	Which celebrities support Trump?
What are the safety precautions on handling shotguns proposed by the NRA in Washington?	What are the safety precautions on handling shotguns ?
How can I become a good listener?	How can one become a better listener?
What would happen if Narendra Modi dies tomorrow?	What will happen if Narendra Modi dies now?
What are the differences between Mandarin and Cantonese? What are their similarities? How big is the difference between Mandarin and Cantonese?	What are the differences between Mandarin and Cantonese?
What is the best Used car for under $7000?	What’s the best used car for under 7000?
Which one (The Lord of the Rings or The Hobbit) should I watch first to understand the whole story better?	Should I watch The Lord of the Rings series to understand The Hobbit?
How can one change his life in 30 days?	What can I do for 30 minutes a day that can change my life?
How can I gain weight but also eat healthy?	What is the best weight gain treatment for gaining weight?
Is lying justifiable?	Is lying ever justified?
What are ways to make money online at home?	How do I make money from home?
How can you delete your Yahoo Mail ID?	How do you delete your Yahoo account permanently?
How do woman feel about pegging men?	Are there any girls that like pegging men?
How do I see who viewed my instagram videos?	How do I see who viewed my Instagram video?
How can I make money as a musician?	How do musicians make money?
Why should one celebrate one's birthday?	Why we celebrate birthdays?
How does the HP OfficeJet 4620 Airprint compare to the HP LaserJet Pro P1102w Printer?	How does the HP OfficeJet 4620 Airprint compare to the HP DesignJet T1530 36-in PostScript Printer?
Why don't magnetic monopoles exist?	Why don't magnetic monopole exist?
What is the difference between arduino uno r3 and raspberry pi model B+?	Where is the difference between Raspberry Pi & Arduino?
What are some examples of a unitary government?	What is a unitary government? What are some examples?
When did you first realize that you were gay?	How did you realize you were gay?
How can we do better sex?	How do I become better at sex?
How can I view deleted Instagram messages or text?	How can I view deleted Instagram dms?
What is karma? What are some real life examples?	Are there real life karma police?
What is the best way to spend a weekend in Bangalore?	What is a good way to spend a sunday in Bangalore?
How can you get over an adultery?	How do you get over being cheated on?
What’s it like working at Goldman Sachs?	What is it like working at Goldman Sachs?
What are the major differences between Chinese and Western cultures?	#What are the major differences between Chinese and western cultures?
Why did Myntra acquires Jabong?	Why did Myntra acquire Jabong?
Is Hillary Clinton objectively dishonest?	Does Hillary Clinton have a pattern of lies and mistruths?
How does the Earth move through and curve spacetime without displacing it?	How is spacetime curved if it isn't also displaced? How does the Earth move through and curve spacetime without displacing it?
Is wrestling a "gay" sport?	Is wrestling gay?
How does one really move on from a break-up?	How can one move on after a breakup?
How do I Find a persons real name with a picture?	How can you find out someone's name from a picture?
Why is gelatin made of pork?	Why is all gelatin made out of pork?
Which are the best and worst Bollywood movies of 2015?	Which is the best and worst Bollywood movie of 2015?
How could you hack someone’s mobile phone?	How do I hack phones?
Why doesn't the government print its own money?	Why doesn't the US Government print its own money?
What is the diesel tank capacity of a train?	What is a capacity of diesel engine in a train?
Is Aakash kurukshetra better for medical preparations?	Is Aakash kurukshetra better for medical preparation?
How many times a week should I work out?	How many days a week should I work out?
How do you make money with Quora?	How can I earn money through Quora?
What is the best way to retain what l have read?	How do you read? What do you do in order to retain information when reading a book?
What is most embrassing moment of your life?	What are the embarrassing moment of your life?
Have you ever experienced something paranormal?	Have you ever experienced anything supernatural or paranormal?
I'm going to stop eating and drinking anything as well as exercising a lot every day. Will I lose a significant amount of weight in seven months?	How much weight will I lose in a year if I exercise a lot and stop eating and drinking?
What are the best Quora answers?	What are some of the best answers on Quora?
Where should I stay in Goa?	Where should I stay in Goa for the first visit?
What would happen if Donald Trump becomes president?	Donald trump: what could happen if Donald Trump becomes president?
What is RaghuRam Rajan's point of view in India's act of scraping 500 & 1000 notes overnight?	What are Raghuram Rajan's views on demonetization of 500 and 1000 notes by the Modi Government?
Q 1. What is the maximum no of transistors on a single chip?	What is the maximum number of transistors on a single chip (to date/until now)?
Why Cyrus Mistry has been replaced by Ratan Tata?	Why was Cyrus Mistry sacked by Ratan Tata from Tata Sons?
How do I prepare for a services selection board interview?	How do I apply for the services selection board?
How do I make the most out of Quora?	How do I get most out of Quora?
How should I prepare for NET Life science exam?	How should I prepare for UGC NET exam in life sciences?
Which book is best for power systems?	What are the best books for power system?
What is a real time system?	What is real time system?
Are there any security features in Rs 2000 and Rs. 500 currency notes to make them counterfeit proof?	What are some interesting features of the new 500 and 2000 rupees notes issued by RBI?
Which country is the best for tourists?	Which is the best country to visit?
What does Balaji Vishwanathan think about currency announcement made by Modi?	What do you think about ban on Rs. 500 and Rs. 1000 currency notes?
What are the difference between the Glock 21 and the Glock 23?	What is the difference between the Glock model 21 and Glock model 23?
Which book is best for power systems?	What is the best book to refer to about power systems?
What are the chances of a civil war breaking out if Donald Trump becomes President?	Will there be a civil war if Trump becomes president?
How should I start a fruit diet?	What's the best way to start a diet?
What are some signs of life on other planets?	Is there any other life existing except on Earth?
What are the best Hollywood movies ever?	Which is the best hollywood movie you have seen?
Can Hillary Clinton pardon herself if she is elected as President?	Will impeachment stop Hillary Clinton from pardoning herself once she's in office?
How does Quora recruit experts?	How does Quora recruit?
What are some great online resources for learning the Go (Golang) programming language?	What are the best online resources for learning Go (programming language)?
How do people still think the Earth is flat even though it's proven wrong?	Why do some people still believe that the earth is flat?
How do I start learning machine learning?	How should I go about learning Machine Learning?
Is the era of PC gaming coming to a close?	Is PC gaming on the decline?
What is the coldest country in the world? Why is it so cold?	Which is the coldest country in the world?
How can I make money from Facebook?	How do I make money on Facebook?
Are there colleges in India which offer Biotech Courses to PCB background Students?	Which colleges in India offer Biotechnology for PCB students?
What are some of the books to understand the basics of the Indian economy?	What are some books or videos for understanding how the Indian economy works?
What is the comparison between AVG Antivirus and AVG Internet Security?	What is the comparison between AVG Antivirus and internet security?
How do I prevent myself from dozing off during lectures?	How should I avoid sleeping during lectures?
Who will be the next president of US ?	Who is the next US president in your think?
Which is the best job in india?	Which is the best job in india in modern genreation?
What is the deep internet?	What is the Deep Web?
How exactly does banning Rs 500 and Rs 1000 notes curb the problem of black money?	How is replacing 1000 rs notes with 2000 rs notes going to make black money hoarding a lot harder?
What is the complete set of documents required to apply for a passport in india?	What is the procedure and documents required for applying fresh passport in India?
What undergraduate and postgraduate degree should I study to become a businessman?	What do you need to study to become a businessman?
Who is the last University of Oklahoma graduate to move to Austin?	Who was the last graduate of the University of Oklahoma to move to Austin?
How to properly approach a girl in the library?	How should I approach a girl in library?
What's your happiest memory?	What is your happiest memory?
What is the best way to get healthy?	What are the best ways to get and be healthy?
How do you stop a Terrier/Border Collie mix from humping your furniture?	How do I stop my Pug/Cavalier mix from humping my furniture?
How effective is the "Abortion Pill?"	How effective is the abortion pill?
Are there atheists who don't like Richard Dawkins?	Are there any other atheists who also hate Richard Dawkins and Sam Harris?
Which is best cricketer all over?	Who is best cricketer in world?
How do you factory reset a Toshiba laptop?	What are some ways of restoring a Toshiba laptop to factory settings?
Does social media make revolutions easier?	How does social media encourage revolution?
Do distance relationships work? How can you make it work?	Can a long distance relationship still exist? How can you make it work?
Where do I get rented bikes in Mumbai?	Where can I get bikes to rent in Mumbai?
Could steel beams be melted by jet fuel?	Does jet fuel melt steel beams?
Have you ever caught your partner cheating? What was your reaction?	Have you ever found your partner is cheating on you?
Is Indian currency bill Rs. 2000 has GPS chip for tracking?	Can the location of currency notes be found by installing Nano GPS Chip in them ?
What do I after 12th BBA or b tech?	What do I do after 12th BBA or b tech?
What is the formula for acceleration?	What is the formula to calculate acceleration?
Why is the Golden Gate Bridge called golden when it's red?	Why do they call the Golden Gate Bridge golden when it is red?
What are the qualifications to become a film critic?	What should I do to become a movie critic?
How I can enhance my English language?	How I can speak English with fluency?
What is the cure of brain fog?	Is there any cure for the brain fog?
How much time will it take to get my Jio Sim activated?	How much time my Reliance Jio 4G SIM card will take to get activated?
What's your favorite month?	What is your favorite month of the year?
What was the reason behind the annexation of the Hyderabad state by the Indian union?	Why did India invade Hyderabad state in 1948?
What are some examples of application software?	What is a computer software? What are some examples?
How do you feel about mandatory military service?	What is your opinion on mandatory military service?
What are your most controversial or unpopular opinions?	What are some of your most controversial opinions?
Will a rogue planet hit earth?	Could a rogue planet hit Earth?
How can I earn money on Quora?	How can we earn from Quora?
What's the difference between the centre of gravity and the centre of mass?	What is the difference between centre of mass and center of gravity?
How can I control my studies and clash of clans playing hand in hand?	How do I continue playing Clash of Clans and also focus on studies at the same time?
What is the definition of power electronics?	What is your review of Power Electronics?
Why do I laugh when people get hurt?	Why do we sometimes laugh when we see other people hurt themselves?
Should I eat 3 eggs a day?	Is it unhealthy to eat three eggs a day?
How did you get your first job?	When did you get your first job and how was it?
Why do so many people ask questions on Quora that can be easily answered by any number of legitimate sources on the Web? Have they not heard of Google or Bing?	Why do people ask questions on Quora that could simply be googled?
How can you become a good judge of character?	How do I become a good judge of characters?
What is the most useful thing one can learn in just 5 minutes?	What are some useful skills I can learn in minutes?
Which earphone is best under 1000?	Which headphones/earphones are the best under ₹1000?
How do I start my own film production company?	How does one start their own Film Production company?
What great movies have incest as a theme?	What are movies with incest scenes?
Where can I watch free streaming movies online?	What is the best site to watch free movies online?
How can I have a successful long distance relationship?	How do I cope with a long distance relationship?
Who create Quora?	Who created Quora?
What are some of the best interview question ever asked?	What are the best interview questions to ask?
What are the biggest stereotypes about Iranians?	Iran: What are some common stereotypes about Iranians that are largely untrue?
How do we hack a Facebook account?	What is the easiest way to hack Facebook account?
What is the meaning of imagination?	What does it mean to have an imagination?
How can I download movie free?	What are some websites to download movies for free?
What do you do during weekends?	What do you usually do on weekends?
How do I leave a girl without hurting her feelings?	How should I break up smoothly without hurting her much?
Why do people ask questions on Quora instead of Googling it?	Why do most Quorans ask questions here instead of googling answers?
What are the benefits of the meditation?	What are the five benefits of meditation?
What are some best ways to earn money without monetary investment or fixed regular job?	How can I earn money without doing anything?
How can Donald Trump win the elections when people hate him so much?	Why did American people elect Donald Trump as their president?
What's life like in Africa?	What is life really like in Africa?
Which bank interest rate is high for fixed deposit?	Which bank gives the maximum interest rate for fixed deposits?
Do people still believe in the Greek gods?	Do the Greeks still worship Greek gods?
How do I stop my self from crying?	How can one stop crying?
What are good scary movies?	What are the best horror movies?
Why are Saltwater taffy candy imported in the Philippines?	Why is saltwater Taffy candy imported in Canada?
Why do some people think Americans are stupid?	Why are Americans deemed stupid?
Is Jaime lannister azor ahai?	Is it possible that Jaime Lannister could be Azor Ahai?
How can I treat crusty toes?	What are some good ways to treat crusty toes?
How can I become an illuminati member?	How can I become an Illuminati?
What is the best laptop under Rs.50000 in India?	Which is the best laptop to buy under RS-50000?
What is the meaning of living life?	What's are the meaning of life?
Does the Indian education system need a reformation?	Does the Indian education system need to change and why?
How often should the average person go to the dentist?	How often should one visit a dentist?
Camping: Where can I buy a luxury tent?	Where can I buy luxury tents?
Where are the best places to have sex?	What is the best place to sex?
How can I become less self conscious and insecure?	How can I be less self conscious?
How do I sell car?	What is the fastest way to sell a car?
What are the pros and cons of homeschooling?	What are the pros and cons of being homeschooled?
Is 32 too old to start a PhD program?	Am I too old at 58 to do a Phd?
What is ASCII code?	What is ASCII and what is it used for?
What are the pros and cons of peer pressure?	What are some of the pros and cons of peer pressure?
Do you think Daniel Craig will agree to do more James Bond films?	How many more Bond movies do you think Daniel Craig has left?
How do you send a private message to someone you're following on Quora?	How can I contact someone on Quora and send private message?
What's your best advice on curing a hangover?	What is the best cure for a hangover?
How can you get rid of bad luck?	How do I get rid of bad luck?
What are the best SEO technique?	What are the best SEO techniques?
Which supplements should I take for muscle and weight gain?	Which supplement should I take for muscle and weight gain?
Is it true that every Rs. 2000 currency note is embedded with a *NGC (Nano GPS Chip). And what if this is true?	Is that true 2000 note has embeded with GPS chips?
What are the most important skills for leadership?	What are the most important skills for good leaders?
What is your favourite movie and why?	What your favourite movie?
How do I improve my verbal ability for the GMAT within 10 days?	How do I improve Reading Comprehension for the GMAT in 10 days?
What qualities do women look for in a guy to consider him for a longtime partner?	What are the qualities today's women look for when deciding to date a guy and later on get married? Do good looks and great physique matter a lot?
What are the best ways to lose weight?	How can I lose an extreme amount of weight?
Which is the best site to download movies?	Which is the best movie download site?
How can I learn more about neural networks?	What is the best way to learn neural networks?
Can high levels of anxiety over period of time cause brain damage?	Can high levels of negative/ unpleasant emotions cause brain damage?
How do you define unknowledgeability?	How would you define "unknowledgeable"?
Is it possible that black hole is a tunnel which transfers matter and energy to other parallel universe?	Is it possible that black holes are portals to other universes?
What is the importance of art in human life? What's the relationship between arts and philosophy?	What is the importance of art in humanity?
How can I increase the traffic to a website?	How do I  increase traffic on my site?
How can I gain height at age 20?	What are some ways to grow taller at the age of 20?
What is the increase organic traffic of websites?	How can I increase traffic on my blog?
What are your views about governments decision to stop flow of 1000 and 500 rupee notes.?	What do you think about the ban on 500 and 1000 denomination notes in India?
What are the best earphones under 1k?	What is the best earphone under 1000 rs?
What are some tips to gain weight as a teenager?	How do I gain weight at sixteen years old?
My questions haven't changed. Why are they now being marked as needing improvement?	Do Quora users still see questions that are marked as needing improvement?
What is the difference between wine and champagne?	What is the difference between wine and champagne? How are they similar?
What are the best language learning programs?	What is the best program to learn another language and is possibly free?
How would you invest 50 dollars wisely?	How should I invest 50 dollars?
Why do people ask questions here in Quora instead of just googling?	Do people post questions in Quora just so that they can skip searching in Google for a few minutes?
Can you go to Disneyland for free on your birthday?	How do you get free admission to Disneyland on your birthday?
What are the best ways to improve my English because I'm not good in English?	How can I improve my spoken English?
Which is the best ROM for Xiaomi Redmi Note 4G?	What is the best ROM for the mobile Redmi Note 4G?
What is the best way to delete a computer virus?	What is the best way to delete a virus?
How much of unit consume if I use 7.5 HP submersible motor used daily 2 hour with 3 phase line?	What electricity bill if I use 7.5 HP submersible motor used daily 2 hour for agriculture land with 3 phase line?
What is the share market?	What is shares market?
What is the academic pressure and workload at Penn State like?	What is the academic pressure and workload at Penn like?
Which design course is good for mechanical engineers?	What are the design courses for mechanical engineers?
How do I terminate and eliminate Quora from my computer?	How do I unsubscribe from Quora for good?
What should I do to stop hair fall?	How can I stop my hair fall?
What are some tips on making it through the job interview process at Manhattan Associates (fresher)?	What are some tips on making it through the job interview process at Manhattan Associates?
How is technology changing education?	How has technology changed education?
How should one start preparing for UPSC when they're in first year of college? Plus what should be the strategy?	I am in first year Btech. How should I start preparations for UPSC from 2016?
Can someone track your location because of your cellphone or cell number?	How can I track the exact location of any phone by using the phone number? Location (India)?
Do animals have emotions and feelings?	Do animals we eat have feelings?
What is the best qualities of human race?	What are the best qualities of the human race?
How can I get back deleted Instagram messages?	How can I get deleted messages from Instagram?
Why do I get easily bored with everything?	Why do I get bored with things so quickly and easily?
What is the best age for having first sex?	When is the best age to have sex?
Is it necessary to do MBA after Engineering?	Is it good to pursue MBA after engineering?
What are the processes of a keyword research?	What is the process you take when doing keyword research?
How can I put words in bold on Quora?	How do I bold text on Quora?
Who is the most popular writer at Quora?	Who is the most followed person on Quora?
Why do people call Trump racist?	Why do some people consider Donald Trump Jam racist?
Which laptop brand is best?	What are best laptop brands?
How did you overcome porn addiction?	How can I stop my porn addiction?
What does it feel like to have a heart attack?	What does a heart attack really feel like?
Which is the best book to learn Python?	Which is the best book for learning Python 3 for absolute beginners?
What is the cheapest method to commit suicide?	Besides hanging yourself what are other ways people commit suicide?
Is there still a way to get paid on Quora?	Does anyone get paid to answer questions on Quora?
How can you describe the parts of a nuclear power plant?	How can you describe the parts and functions of a nuclear power plant?
What is your favorite movie or show on Netflix and why?	What is your favorite NetFlix show?
Why is Africa underdeveloped?	Why is Africa so underdeveloped?
Why are most people crazy about Apple and its products?	What do you like about Apple products?
How can the far reaches of the unobservable universe be expanding at faster than the speed of light?	What is the speed of the universe with which it is expanding?
How can I overcome the habit of procrastination?	How can I overcome the procrastination problem?
Will American people actually vote for Donald Trump after all his extremist comments?	Why should an average American Citizen vote for you rather than Donald Trump?
What is the Best start up idea?	What is the best start up to start?
How do I know if I’m an extrovert?	How will I know whether I’m an introvert or an extrovert?
What do Chinese think of Donald Trump as a leader?	What do Chinese people think about Donald Trump?
What are some inventions that need to be improved? Business purpose	What are some inventions which still need improvement?
Why isn't Mark Zuckerberg active in Quora?	Why Mark Zuckerberg is not in Quora?
How can I start an online shopping (e-commerce) website?	How do I start an e commerce website?
How do you celebrate your mother's birthday?	How should I celebrate my mother's birthday?
Why do all religions have different gods and different way of practicing their religion?	Why do different countries and religions have different gods?
Why do people ask questions on Quora while They can get all the answers by Googling?	Why do people ask questions on Quora that are easily to find answers too on Google?
What are the best programming languages to learn today?	What is the best programming language one must learn to stay updated today?
What should I use in my bedroom instead of cityscapes?	What shall I use in my bedroom instead of cityscapes?
How can I learn something new everyday?	How can I learn new things everyday?
How do you make easy money online?	How can I earn money online?
Is anal sex dangerous or unhealthy?	Is anal sex bad for health?
What as your reaction when your heard about the scraping currency notes of INR 500 and 1000?	Why is the government abruptly banning the 500 Rupees and the 1000 rupees currency notes in India?
How do I become a good digital marketer?	What should I learn to become a great digital marketer?
How do I stop being childish?	How can I stop being childish?
How can we earn some money in online?	What is the best way to earn money online?
What are some examples of vertebrated animals?	What are some examples of vertebrate animals?
What is the sense of life?	What is the purpose of life?
What are the alternative to vector space model?	What is the alternative to vector space model?
What are the best interview questions ever asked?	What is the best interview question?
Why is Quora blocking my name saying it doesn't conform?	Why is Quora saying my name is fake?
Is the new iphone 7 worth buying?	My opinion is iPhone 7 isn't worth the upgrade. What do you think?
How do I get rid of mouse in my hotel?	How do I get rid of a mouse?
What is your favorite thing about Donald Trump?	What are some good things about Donald Trump?
How do you stop a Rottweiler/Pitbull mix from humping your furniture?	How do you stop your Boxer/Pitbull mix from humping your furniture?
How do I promote my youtube videos?	What is the best way to promote your YouTube Video?
What is the best travel hacks? Please comment?	What is the best travel hack?
What should a CS student learn to get selected in GSoC?	What do I need to learn to get a fair chance of getting selected for GSoC?
What do you think about Modi government banning 500 & 1000 currency note from 9th November?	What do you think about RBI's new move of banning 500 and 1000 notes?
How many countries are there?	How many countries are there in total?
How can I read someones mind?	How do I read peoples mind?
How can social engineering be avoided?	How can we prevent social engineering?
How can I become serious in life?	How do I become serious about my life?
What is the best deal discount that you availed?	What is the best deal/discount that you availed?
What was the background music played in the CWC 2015 before the anthems of the respective teams were played?	What was the background music played in the CWC 2015 final today before the anthems of the respective teams were played?
How can I add pictures on Quora?	How do I post an image in Quora?
How does a long distance relationship work?	How can long distance relationships be successful?
How can I become a multi-millionaire in 5 years?	How do I become a multi-millionaire within a few years?
How do I get more serious in life?	What can I do to be more serious in my life?
Why am I observing nonsense questions on Quora?	Why do some Quora users ask nonsense questions on Quora?
What was the reason for declaring an emergency in India? What happens during an emergency?	Why did Indira Gandhi declare emergency in India? What exactly did happen during that period?
What are the best foods and/or diet plan for weight gain?	What are some healthy weight gaining diet plans?
Can I marry a girl of the same gotra?	Can a boy marry a girl in same gotra and girl elder to him?
How could I be fluent in English?	How can I become good at English?
What are your reasons to vote for Trump if you’ll vote for him and why do you personally consider this a good idea?	Trump supporters: what about him makes you think he could be a good president?
How much voter fraud goes on in US elections?	Is Vox right that voter fraud in the US is not a problem?
How do I add long details to my Quora question?	How do some questions on Quora have long details?
How can I hack my neighbour's wifi using iphone?	How do I use my college WiFi in my iPhone?
What are your views on India banning 500 and 1000 notes? In what way it will affect Indian economy?	How does the ban on 500/1000 denominations affect various domains of the Indian economy?
Can we ever see Reservation free India?	Will reservation on caste basis ever end in India?
What are great high paying jobs out there without a college degree?	What are the best high paying jobs with no college?
I am visiting US on a tourist visa. I have a valid driving license from India. Can I drive in US with Indian license?	Can I drive on an Indian driver's license in the US?
What I should study to prepare myself for MBBS?	What should I study to prepare myself for MBBS?
What is the difference between an arranged marriage and love marriage?	What are the differences between a love marriage and an arranged marriage?
Do indian women like white men?	Do Indian women love white men?
How do I recover my Gmail account password without a recovery email or the security question? 	How do I recover my Gmail account without the password or recovery phone number?
Does swimming increase your height in twenties?	How can I increase my height after 18 years of age?
What are some of you favorite dreams?	What is your favorite dream?
How can one improve his problem solving abilities?	How Can I improve problem solving?
Do animals experience romantic love?	Do animals other than humans experience love?
Can I pursue a PhD when I am past 40?	Is it OK to start a PhD at age 40?
What is Ohm's law and amperage I?	What is Ohm's law?
Does India need reservations? Why?	Do we still need reservation in INDIA? Why?
What is the wildest thing you have ever done in life?	What is the wildest thing you ever did?
How should I prepare for IAS now?	How do I prepare for upsc prelim?
What happened the 2016 VMA?	What happened at the 2016 VMA?
What are the ten best songs by Pink Floyd?	What are the 10 best songs that collectively define Pink Floyd?
What can Trump realistically do for America (i.e. what will hypothetical America be after Trump?)	What would America look like under a trump presidency?
Why do men have to cheat?	Why mens cheat?
How many reps and sets should I do?	How many reps per set do I do?
Are Indian Muslims against P.M Narendra Modi? Why?	Why do some Indian Muslims hate Narendra Modi?
I have $5000 to invest which is the best stocks to buy?	What are the best stocks to invest in with 5000$?
How does HAWALA operates?	What is hawala transaction?
Is it healthy to eat a whole avocado every day?	What is a cheap healthy diet I can keep the same and eat every day?
What are some harsh realities of life?	What are some harsh realities of this world?
What is your best material possession? And why is it important?	What is your most cherished material possession? Why?
Why are so many people are dying of Cancer?	Why do people die from cancer?
Why Cyrus Mistry has been sacked all of a sudden?	What made Tata group chairman Cyrus Mistry to quit?
How should I start learning data analytics with python as a beginner?	What is a good way to start learning Python and Data Visualization?
Have you tried onion juice as a hair loss remedy?	Is onion juice a good remedy for hair loss?
What is the way to hack WhatsApp?	Can someone hack my smart phone using WhatsApp?
How can I improve my English in all aspects?	How I can enhance my English language?
Why do people hate .NET?	Why many people dislike .Net?
What is the differences between resume and curriculum vitae?	What is the difference between a resume and C.V.?
Where can I get best quality professional sound on DJ services in Sydney?	Where can I get best quality DJ for Birthday party in Sydney?
How do I write a story and develop writing skills (storytelling skills)?	How can I develop writing skills?
What actually is the purpose of life?	Wanna ask someone please. What is life? And what is the purpose of our life?
How do I find if my iPhone is jailbroken?	How do I know if my iPhone is jailbroken?
Is history becoming more or less biased?	Why is history biased?
Is India really progressing under Narendra Modi government?	How has India changed after having Narendra Modi as the PM?
Why is domestic abuse towards men taken less seriously?	Why isn't abuse towards males taken seriously?
Will I be able to get a Canadian citizenship?	How do I get a Canadian citizenship?
How can I take care of my feet?	How should I take care of my feet?
What is the difference between CV and resume?	What is the difference between a CV nd a resume?
Why does Quora mark so many questions as needing improvement?	Why does Quora mark most of the questions as needing improvement?
What was Dante Alighieri's contribution to the Renaissance?	What were Dante Alighieri's contributions to the Rennaissance?
How can we get to know my current Facebook password which I forget?	How do I get into my Instagram if I forgot my email and my Facebook password?
What is the need for java interface?	What is the use of Java interfaces?
What is the most effective way to wake up someone?	How can I wake someone up quickly and effectively?
What are some of the foods that I should eat to protect my eyesight?	What foods can I eat to improve my eyesight?
I just turned 21 and I'm tired of being fat. How do I lose weight relatively quickly?	I'm a 14 year old male that's tired of being overweight. How can I lose weight?
When should you use pointers in C++?	Why we use pointers in c++?
What are the safety precautions on handling firearms proposed by the NRA in the entire U.S. including it’s territories and possessions?	What are the safety precautions on handling shotguns proposed by the NRA in Pennsylvania?
Does meditation helps reduce anger? How?	Does meditation help to reduce anger?
How do I attract more visitors to my blog?	How do I generate more traffic to my blog?
What is the health condition of CM jayalaitha?	What is the true health status of TamilNadu CM J Jayalalitha?
Why India is big loser in Olympics?	Why India is so bad at Olympics? Is it because India is poor?
What is ham radio and what is it used for?	What is ham radio?
How does the HP OfficeJet 4620 Airprint compare to the HP LaserJet Enterprise M506x?	How does the HP OfficeJet 4620 Airprint compare to the HP LaserJet Enterprise 700 Printer M712dn?
What's the point of living if it's just an endless cycle of suffering?	What is the point of life if life is just suffering?
I cut my hair and I don't like it. What should I do to make it grow fast?	What the best way to make your short hair grow faster?
How would India Pakistan relations be 50 years from now?	What will India-Pak relationship be like 50 years from now?
Does Donald Trump still have a chance to become President of the United States?	Is Donald Trump going to become president?
Can time travel ever be possible?	Is time travel still theorized as being possible?
What is the importance of political correctness?	Why is political correctness important?
How can I get the best of Quora?	How do I get most out of Quora?
Which ia the best place to visit in India?	What is best place in India?
What are the safety precautions on handling shotguns proposed by the NRA in Alaska?	What are the safety precautions on handling shotguns ?
What steps is the Indian army is taking or should take to compete with the superpowers?	What are the steps that Indian army are taking or should take to compete with the superpowers ?
What are the best security plugins for WordPress?	What is currently the best security plugin for wordpress?
What can you do when you have a motorcycle permit?	Can you drive a motorcycle with a permit?
What are some homophonous sequences of words?	What are some homophonous sequences of words (ie: terrorist/tear a wrist and pacifier/pass a fire)?
Why is India still under developed country?	Why India is still a developing country?
How shall I report a question?	How do I report an inappropriate question on Quora?
What's the purpose of a human life?	What is the purpose of your life?
Do you have to light a pilot light for a RV fridge to run on propane?	Does a RV fridge switch to propane automaticlly without lighting a pilot light?
What are the good career option after b.tech in electrical engineering from an NIT?	What are some interesting career options/jobs available after completing engineering (Electrical) in India?
How do I get to speak fluently English?	How To speak English Fluently ?
I'm 34 weeks pregnant and I can't sleep. What should I do?	What does it mean if I am 34 weeks pregnant and I can't sleep?
What has Hillary "gotten done"?	What has Hillary Clinton achieved?
How do I write a compiler?	How do I write a simple compiler?
Is there really a cure for all cancer?	Can we cure cancer?
Is it safe to download movies from Torrent in India?	Is torrenting safe in India?
Are there Poké Stops and Poké Gyms in Antarctica?	Are there any Poké Stops or Gyms in Antarctica?
Will Amazon Echo be successful?	Why is Amazon Echo successful?
Which one is better Linux OS? Ubuntu or Mint?	What can I start doing with Linux Mint?
Is there anything good that Arvind Kejriwal has done in Delhi which is in his control till date?	What good Arvind Kejriwal did for Delhi as a CM?
Is there a way to see deleted Instagram photos?	Can you see deleted Instagram posts?
How can I make decisions quickly?	How do I make right decisions?
What is difference between subject and object?	What is the difference between subject and object?
PTE Vs IELTS - Which is easier in terms of preparation?	Is the PTE easy compared to the to IELTS test?
Why don't passenger planes have ejection seats like fighter planes do?	Why don't passenger airlines have ejection seats?
What are the most beautifully designed websites out there?	Which are some of the most beautifully designed websites?
Why did Indian government scrap Rs 1000 and 500 note and instead is introducing Rs 2000 note?	Why did the Indian government demonetize the current 500 and 1000 rupee notes and replace them with new notes?
Why is Saltwater taffy candy imported in China?	Why is Saltwater Taffy candy imported in Portugal?
What are the volleyball positions and roles?	What are the different positions on a volleyball court and how do they all work?
How does David Blaine spit out live frogs?	David Blaine's repertoire now includes pulling a live frog out of his mouth. How is that possible?
Which is the best book/resource to learn Python programming language?	Which book is the best Python programming?
What are some smartphone security apps?	Which app is the best for Smartphone security protection?
How does one have a flawless complexion?	What should I do to have a flawless skin?
How to flirt with unknown girl?	How do I flirt unknown girls?
Which is best movie in history?	What is the world's best movie?
What things should you know about before purchasing from AliExpress?	What are things you should know before purchasing from AliExpress?
How does one learn something from Quora?	What is the best way to learn new things from Quora?
What are the best gifts that you have ever received?	What is the best gift you are ever received?
Which Mobile CRM software do you think is best for my business?	Which CRM software is best for small business?
What are some interesting myths about Artemis?	What are some important myths and stories about the goddess Artemis?
What is the last thing you want to do before you die?	What are some things you want to accomplish before you die?
Why making a Time Machine is Impossible?	Is a working time machine possible in the future?
Why did VLC media player choose a logo of a traffic cone?	Why does VLC media player use traffic cone as a logo?
What's like to be an INTJ?	How does it feel being an INTJ?
What is the best android game you have ever played?	What is the best android game that you have ever played?
What are the 10 greatest horror movies of all time?	What are some best of best horror movies ever made?
What is the feeling of having sex?	What happens during sex? What's the feeling of having sex intercourse with your partner?
Why does ISKCON deny Lord Shiva's Supremacy?	Why does iskon always deny lord Shivas supremacy?
What are the best ways to download YouTube videos?	How do I download YouTube videos?
What are chances of another war between India and Pakistan?	If war occurs between India and Pakistan what will be its effect on the rest of country?
Is there a way a teenager like myself can make money online?	How can a teenager earn money online?
What is the best way to prepare for ICSE board exams?	How should I study for ICSE class 10 board exams?
What ideas does Donald Trump have with him to make America great again?	How will Trump make America great again?
How can you make the best out of a boring class/lecture?	What is the best way to pass time in a boring class?
How do I lose weight faster?	How can you lose weight really quick?
Why was baseball voted out of the 2012 Olympics?	Why was baseball taken out of the Olympics?
Which programming language do you think is the most useful?	Which programming language is useful?
Is it okay to taste my own semen or swallow all of it?	Is it okay to swallow your own semen?
What is the difference between rum and whisky?	What is the difference between rum and whiskey?
How do I remove screen overlay from my Stylo 2?	How do I turn off the screen overlay from my LG Stylo2?
Which is the best spiritual book and why?	What are the best books for spiritual enlightenment?
Have you ever seen any ghost?	Has anyone ever seen real ghosts/scientifically unexplainable things?
What are some of most interesting and unknown facts about Shah Rukh Khan?	What are some interesting facts about Shah Rukh Khan?
How do I look at the followers of a private instagram account?	How do I gain access to a private Instagram account?
If universe is expanding without a limit and dark and vacuum energy are created as it expands…?	Is at least the potential energy of vacuum energy and dark energy infinite?
How many articles do we actually count in the Indian constitution?	How many articles does the Constitution have?
What would happen if an unstoppable object hit an unmovable object?	Wat happens when a unstoppable force meets with an unmovable object?
What should be India’s best reply to Pakistan after uri attack?	How should we react on Uri camp terror attack?
What would be the best area in Human Computer interaction to do PhD?	What are the possible dissertation topics related to human computer interaction (HCI)?
Who will win the election? Donald Trump or Hillary Clinton?	Who will win the Election? Trump or Clinton?
How I start prepare for UGC net English literature latest syllabus?	How can I win in UGC Net Exam in English literature?
How does apple cider vinegar affect weight loss?	How does Apple Cider Vinegar help you lose weight?
Why do we give gifts at Christmas?	Why are Christmas gifts such a big deal/Why do people give gifts on Christmas?
What's the best city to live in in Canada?	What is the best city to live in Canada?
How imminent is world war III?	Is world war 3 likely?
What is the best way to clean a flat screen monitor?	What is the best and safest way to clean a Samsung flat screen TV?
What movie should I watch?	What movies would you recommend everyone to watch?
How do I remove eye number?	How do I remove numbers of eyes?
Can I use Jio in Redmi 1s?	How can I use reliance Jio on my Redmi 1s?
What is the fastest way to cure a hangover?	How do I cure a hangover?
What is the best and fastest way to write a simple GUI interface in Java?	What is best java gui with eclipse?
What is the oldest age a child should be allowed into a locker room with their parent of the opposite sex?	What is the oldest age of a child to be allowed in restroom/fitting room opposite sex at a public place?
What does "Hammerklavier" sonata (no. 29), whose last movement contains an especially diabolical fugue" mean?	What does " "Hammerklavier" sonata (no. 29), whose last movement contains an especially diabolical fugue" mean?
Could quantum computers in the future access parallel realities?	In what ways could quantum computers access parallel realities in the future?
What happens when friction is vanished?	When friction is zero what happens?
How is the off-campus placement procedure for Google and Microsoft?	What is the off-campus placement procedure of Google & Microsoft?
How do l improve my communication skills?	How can I increase my communication skills?
What is the best way to find mentors in life?	What are the best ways to find a mentor in business and life?
What is Red Hat Linux?	What is Red Hat Linux certification?
How can I increase my communication skills?	How we improve our communication skills?
How can I become A gigolo?	How can one become a gigolo?
How can I find my IQ?	How do you know your IQ?
Why don't people search on Google before posting it on Quora?	If I can find all answers on Google then why should one use Quora?
How can I live until I'm 100?	How can I live to 100?
Which are the best thriller movies in English?	What are the best thriller movies in English?
What are examples of a vascular plant?	What are some examples of vascular plants?
Am what is answer wiki?	What's an answer wiki?
Is a brain transplant theoretically possible?	Is brain transplant true?
What is the fastest way to lose weight safely?	What is the easiest way to lose weight faster?
How much black money is recovered till now?	How much black money is recovered till now after demonetization?
What's your morning routine?	What is your normal morning routine?
What are some of the primary economic activities?	What is primary economic activity?
How do I turn off the DTMF sound in an iPhone?	How do I turn off DTMF sound in iOS?
How can I prepare for GATE without coaching?	How do I prepare for GATE without coaching?
Why are there so many Chinese in the world?	Why are there so many Chinese?
What's the difference between psychiatrist and psychologist?	What is the difference between psychologist and psychatist?
How does Gyroscope work?	How does a gyroscope works?
Do I have bipolar disorder? What are all its symptoms?	What are the symptoms of bipolar disorder?
What is storage area network?	What is a storage area network?
What was your biggest cultural shock going to UAE?	What was your biggest culture shock going to Middle East?
What was the best happening or moment in your life?	What has been the best moment in your entire life?
How social networks has changed communication?	What is social change communication?
How can one stop masturbation?	How can I stop the urge to masturbate?
Why are authors allowed to disable comments to their questions on Quora? This seems to be a rather blatant form of cowardice.	Why does Quora let authors to disable comments for their answer?
What was the greatest mistake in Indian history?	What are some of the biggest mistakes of Indian history?
What's the fastest way to get smart?	How can I get smart?
How can I recover my email address if I forgot my recovery phone number and email address?	How do I reset my Gmail password with a different phone number if I don’t remember my recover email accent?
Why can't Obama stand for the presidential election once again in 2016?	Why can't Barack Obama run for reelection as President in 2016?
How do I impress girls?	What should be done to impress a girl?
What are some ways to lose 30 pound in 1 month?	What is the best way to lose 30 pounds in 1 month?
Is my boyfriend being manipulative or it is just me being absurd?	Is my boyfriend being manipulative or it's my fault?
What is epistemology in philosophy?	What does epistemology mean?
What is the worst that will happen to America if Trump becomes president? What if Hillary does?	What do you think would be the worst thing that can happen if Trump is elected as president?
What is the best phone I can buy under the price of 15000?	Which mobile I should buy under 15k?
What should I know about doing business in your country as an entrepreneur?	What should I know about doing business in your country?
How can I change a password on Quora?	How do I change or reset my password on Quora?
Can I get pregnant 14 days after my period started?	Can I fall pregnant after 3days of my period?
How can I lose post marriage weight?	What is a good diet to lose weight?
How do I define my comfort Zone?	How can we know that we are now in our comfort zone?
Life Lessons: How powerful is our subconscious?	How powerful is subconscious?
Does writing in a notebook require math?	Does Medical School require math?
What are some songs that make you cry?	Which songs did make you cry ever?
What is the title for Star Wars Episode VIII?	What do you think Star Wars Episode VIII's title will be?
What are some of the best horror movies?	What are the best horror movies?
What are the differences between the playing field for college and pro football?	What are the differences between college and NFL football fields?
What is a ghost gun? Are they legal to own?	What is a ghost gun?
What are the things that make Indian sad?	What are things that make Indians sad?
Where do you see yourself after 5 years?	Where do you see yourself five years from now?
How do I prepare for CA CPT exam without getting demotivated?	How can I prepare to do CA capt?
I attended three bpo job interviews but I didn't crack they rejected me because of buttler English how I improve my speaking skills?	I attended three bpo job interviews but I didn't crack they rejected me because of buttler English how can I improve my speaking skills?
What is the process to immigrate to Canada?	Which is the best way to immigrate to Canada?
What was the universe before Big Bang?	What actually existed before the Big Bang?
Should male teens have privacy?	Should female teens have privacy?
Is Hillary Clinton worried about the email scandals?	Why isn't Hillary Clinton concerned about her email scandal?
Can we cross the border of our universe?	What lies at the "edge" of our universe?
How do I catch a pathetic liar?	How do you catch a liar?
How do I clear both group of ipcc?	How can one easily clear IPCC both groups in November 2016?
Why is everyone on Quora obsessed with IQ?	Why are people on Quora so obsessed with people's high IQs?
What is the best strategy for the promotion of new websites?	What is the best strategy to advertise your new website?
Where can I found modern colours and textures for floor tiles in Sydney?	Where can I found different types of floor tile collection in Sydney?
How was the KVPY 2016 SA paper? What is the expected cutoff?	How was the KVPY SA 2016? What is the expected cutoff?
How can an alarm on an iPod Touch be snoozed?	How can an alarm on an iPod Touch be postponed?
What is a limbo?	What is actually a limbo?
Can height increase after 25?	How girls can increase their height after 18 years?
What are your views on India banning 500 and 1000 notes? In what way it will affect Indian economy?	What will be the effects after banning on 500 and 1000 rupee notes?
What are the best books on leadership?	What is the best book on self-development and leadership?
How can I gain weight within 2 month?	How can I gain weight in two months?
What does the Indian Muslims think on the Kashmir issue and about its resolution?	What do Indian Muslims think about Kashmir? What should be the best solution to Kashmir dispute according to them?
What is the difference between the Communist Party of India (CPI) and the Communist Party of India Marxist (CPI(M))?	Why did the Communist Party of India split into CPI (Marxist) and CPI?
How early should I arrive for a cruise? Why?	How early should I arrive for a cruise?
What are the best reference books for learning Java?	What is the best book for learning Java?
What is the best laptop for a programmer?	Which is the best laptop for a programmer?
What would be the scenario for Indian students after Donald trump becomes the President of US?	How might Trump affect the status of foreign students at top universities in the US?
Can 3 liter 99% carbon monoxide be fatal in an average sized closed room?	Can 3 liter 99% carbon monoxide be fatal in an average size closed room?
What should be the first programming language learned to develop games?	What programming languages/softwares do I need to learn to design games?
What are the steps to becoming a lawyer in the U.S?	What is the process to becoming a lawyer in the U.S.?
Which actor has portrayed Batman best?	Which actor has portrayed Batman most accurately?
Does green tea help to lose weight?	At what time should I drink green tea to be fit?
What daily habits can greatly upgrade life?	What are your daily habits that improve your productivity and creativity?
How are waterproof electronics designed?	How are waterproof electronics made?
How do I start a small Restaurant?	What are some tips for starting a small restaurant?
Can you get pregnant the day before your period starts?	Is it possible to get pregnant before your regular period?
How do I study one day before an exam?	How do I study one day before exam and score good marks?
How do I find a angel investor in India?	How can we find angel investors for my first startup in India?
How do I hack an Instagram account?	How can I restore my hacked Instagram account?
What is the best food for a 40 day old Labrador puppy?	What is the best natural food practice for my 50 days old Labrador puppy?
What are the preventions to stop hair falls?	What can be done to stop hair loss.?
What is the best way to improve self-confidence?	How do I improve confidence?
Why do some people believe that the world is flat?	Why do people believe in flat earth?
Which is your best Korean Drama and why?	Which is the best Korean drama?
Which are the best headphones to buy under Rs. 1000?	What are the best headphones under 1000 rupees?
Which moment was one of the best moment of your life?	What are the best moments of your life?
What were the best movies of 2016? Why?	What are your top 5 movies for 2016?
What is the real life application of line integral?	What is the application of integration in real life?
What is that secret you've never told anyone yet?	Secrets: What is that one secret that you can never share with anyone?
What is your absolute most favorite book of all time and why? Any suggestions?	What is your favorite book of al time?
What do you think of the move of banning 500 and 1000 rupee notes in India (Nov 2016)?	Do you think Indian governments decision to demonetize the 500 and 1000 rupee note is a sudden action?
How do we control our emotions?	Can we control our feelings and emotions?
Can I make money online?	How do we make money online?
How can I delete Facebook Messenger account created with phone number (without Facebook account)?	How do I delete my Messenger account?
Why haven't ISIS attacked Israel with a terrorist attack similar to their attacks across the Middle East and in France?	Why doesn't ISIS have terrorist attacks in Israel?
How can I convince my parents for a love marriage?	How should I convince my parents for love marriage?
Who is a better Person for office Hillary of Donald?	Who is better Donald Trump or Hillary Clinton and why?
How can I get traffic in my website?	What is the best way to get free traffic to my website?
Why do we orgasm?	What causes an orgasm?
What is the true meaning of being human?	What is the meaning of being human?
What are the best action movies to watch?	What is the best action movie ever?
Can we expect time travel to become a reality?	Is it possible to travel time with real life?
How do you know if you are a psychopath?	How do you know if someone is a psychopath or a sociopath?
What are the best books for Java beginners?	Which is the best book for java programming?
What is the use of static keyword in Java?	What is "static" keyword in Java?
What is the best way to give a promise ring to someone?	How does one give a promise ring?
How can I improve my speaking in public?	How can I improve my public speaking skills?
Will Hillary Clinton win this election?	Is Hillary Clinton going to win tonight?
How do I flow traffic to my website?	How do I get more traffic on my website?
What is your all time favorite anime?	What are your favorite animes?
My 7 week old kitten fell around 8 feet onto tile. She walks a little wobbly as if shes weak and her eyes have dark bags under them. What should I do?	My 7 week old kitten fell 8 feet onto tile and she is now very tired. She looks like shes in some pain but isn’t making noises. What do I do?
How can I manage my anger?	What do I do when I can't control my anger?
How does one make reading interesting?	What are some ways to make reading more interesting?
How can I create my own app?	How can I develop my own app?
Do you become more disciplined as you age? How do I become more disciplined?	How do you become more disciplined?
What are symptoms of a brain tumor?	What are the symptoms & precautions of a brain tumor?
How can you retrieve permanently deleted files?	Can you recover permanently deleted files? How?
Why is the internet speed low in India?	Why is the internet speed slow in India?
Can I get pregnant a week after my cycle?	Can you get pregnant 8 days before your period?
What are some mind blowing smartphones gadgets?	Technology: What are the best smartphones gadgets?
Do Anti-Virus companies create Virus to stay in buisness?	Do anti-virus companies also develop viruses/malwares?
Will Bangalore’s traffic problem ever be resolved?	Will Bangalore's traffic ever be resolved?
Why is Saltwater Taffy candy imported in Hong Kong?	Why is Saltwater taffy candy imported in Switzerland?
Why can't anything travel faster than the speed of light?	Why can nothing move faster than light?
What is the most crazy thing that you have done?	What is the most crazy thing you have done?
How can I improve my pronunciation of English words?	How should I improve my english communication skills?
What is the best book intro to topology?	What's the best entry book for topology?
How are sea creatures living under more than 800 meters not crushed?	How deep sea creatures survive under so high water pressure.?
What are the overall best web hosting services?	What is the best web hosting?
Can you still be pregnant with neg test and period?	Can a woman be pregnant when she's still having a period?
What are the amazing things and facts about the human body?	What are the most amazing facts of human body?
What does it feel like to date a gold digger?	What's it like to date gold digger?
Who are modern day Leonardo da Vinci's?	Who are the modern-day descendants of Leonardo da Vinci?
What are some good ideas for an interior design's graduate projects?	What are some good ideas for interior design graduate projects?
How introducing 2000 Rs notes which is of higher denomination than the current highest denomination 1000 Rs notes will reduce the black money?	How will scraping of 500 and 1000 rupees notes help in curbing corruption and black money?
What is the environmental governance?	What is environmental governance?
How can I ask smart questions?	How do I ask questions in a smart way?
What is the best way to prepare for the theoretical part of the CA Final Exam?	How do I focus for the final CA exam?
Which is the biggest lie ever told?	What is the biggest lie?
How many nations use the US dollar as their national currency officially or unofficially?	Which countries use the US dollar as their national currency?
What are some of the best potty training tips for Pitbull puppies?	What are some tips to potty train a puppy?
On what sites can I watch movies with English subtitles for free?	What sites are the best to watch movies with English subtitles?
Is it worth getting the Apple Watch?	Is the Apple Watch worth getting?
Is India still a developing country?	Why India is still a developing country?
What is Indian philosophy?	What is the history of Indian philosophy?
How will ZIKA virus affect the abortion debate in the US?	If the Zika virus spreads in the southern US will the abortion dialogue change?
I want to ask a question how it feels when penis enters into vagina?	How does it feel when the penis enters a vagina?
What would be the cost of printing a 2000 rupee note?	How much does it cost to print the new INR 2000 note?
What does it feel like to be a failed entrepreneur?	What is it like to have failed as an entrepreneur?
What are the best UK university for economics given I would like to go into banking?	Which are the best UK universities for economics at undergraduate level?
What is Acupuncture?	What is acupuncture? How does it work?
How do I actually lose weight?	How should one change their diet to lose weight?
Does a superfluid dark matter which ripples when Galaxy clusters collide and waves in a double slit experiment relate GR and QM?	Are SIMPs what ripple when galaxy clusters collide and what wave in a double slit experiment?
How could I gain weight in a healthy way?	How can I gain weight naturally?
Which is the best cricketer?	Which is best cricketer all over?
How much law of attraction works?	Is the law of attraction true?
Who can become the next President of India and why?	Who will be the President of India in 2017?
How do I reduce sex drive?	How can you lower your sex drive?
What are some of the best punchline jokes that you know?	What is the best joke you know?
Is Einstein's equation e=mc^2 wrong?	Why Einstein's E=mc^2 is not correct?
How do I develop determination?	What are some ways of developing determination?
Are there fonts that allow you to type musical notes?	What font allows you to type musical notes?
Is America today "the land of the free"?	Is America really the land of the free?
What is the Scope for Automobile Engineering in India?	What is the scope or value for an automobile engineer in India?
What is stopping OLET (Organic Light-Emitting Transistors) from competing with OLED?	Has OLET (Organic Light-Emitting Transistors) been abandoned?
Should I tell my parents I'm an atheist?	Should I even consider telling my parents that I'm atheist?
How do I stop caring about what people think about me?	Why do I care so much about what other people think of me?
How can improve my English speaking?	How can I improve my English in a very short time?
What are some reviews of the Bellroy card sleeve wallet?	What are reviews of Bellroy card sleeves?
Why can't I sign in to Microsoft Outlook?	What are some ways to sign in to Microsoft Outlook?
What are the safety precautions on handling shotguns proposed by the NRA in Utah?	What are the safety precautions on handling shotguns proposed by the NRA in Maryland?
What would a perfect life be like?	What is the perfect life?
What is your turning point in life?	What was the most amazing turning point in your life?
What are the best books of phonetics?	What are some good books on phonetics?
What do you think of Chinese new year?	What do you think about Chinese New Year?
What is the maximum power transfer? And when is the maximum power transferred?	When and how is the maximum power transfer used?
How would I dress in workout attire like it's the year 1990 if I'm a guy?	How would I dress like a workout guy from the year 1990?
What does organic mean?	What does organic or bio really mean?
Did life ever go the way you planned it out to be?	Did your life ever go according to your plan?
How can one overcome the fear of failure?	How do I cope up with fear of failure?
Can I make money by uploading videos on YouTube (if I have subscribers)?	How can I make money fast from Youtube?
What are some good gym exercises for losing weight?	What are the best home exercises to lose weight?
How do I make a change of Rs.2000 new note easily?	What are the best ways to make a change of Rs 2000?
Why do some people hate politicians?	Why do so many people hate or despise politicians?
What caused the big bang and has there been more than one bang?	What caused the Big Bang?
What are the effects of inflation in india?	What are the impacts of inflation on India?
Why is it assumed that parallel lines meet at infinity?	How do we know that two parallel lines meet at infinity?
What is the name of Santa Claus in other countries?	What variations are there to Santa Claus around the world?
Why did RBI introduce 2000 rupee notes?	Why is the RBI issuing 2000 rupee notes?
Was it ever possible for Germany to win World War II?	Could Germany have won World War 2?
How do I deactivate my Quora account? Can it be reactivated later?	Can I deactivate my Quora account?
Why do Indian Muslims hate P.M. Narendra Modi?	Why do some Indian Muslims hate Narendra Modi?
How do I get over a fear of spiders?	How do I overcome the fear of spiders?
What is the cheapest method to commit suicide?	What can be the most insane ways to commit suicide?
Why did Modi ban 500 and 1000 rupees notes and not 100 rupee notes?	Why Mr. Narendra Modi banned ₹ 1000 and 500 notes in India? How to exchange them for small denominations if I have some of them?
Was Mission: Impossible - Ghost Protocol shot in Russia?	Is Mission: Impossible - Ghost Protocol shown in Russia?
What is the best way to practice singing?	How can I practice my singing?
Where can I get best quality Pest Control service in Nepean?	Where can I hire professionals Pest Control service provider in Nepean?
What's the best sound to fall asleep to?	What is the best music to help you fall asleep?
What are the best movies to watch in Hollywood?	Which are the best movies of Hollywood?
What are good pick up lines?	What are the best pick up lines?
What is e insurance account?	What is an e-insurance account?
What are some alternate theories to the singularity existing at t=0 just before the Big Bang? What else could have existed just before the Big Bang?	What existed in the space before Big Bang?
What are the upcoming movies of year 2017?	What are some of the most anticipated movies of 2017?
What is the best way to start making money online with affiliate marketing?	How can I start making money online with affiliate programs and referrals?
How are communism and socialism alike?	How are socialism and communism alike?
How can I improve my English pronunciation?	How can I improve fluency in English?
What is the currency war?	What is currency war?
How should one start learning Python programming for electronics applications?	Is Python good to start learning programming?
What is the most annoying thing about your workplace?	What are some things you find annoying at your workplace?
How can I get a good sense of humour?	How could I have a good sense of humour?
How do you know if you are in love or just limerice?	How do you know when you start to fall in love with someone?
What are some mind-blowing Camping tools that most people don't know about?	What are some mind-blowing camping adventure tools that exist that most people don't know about?
How can I transfer from sales to marketing?	How do you get from sales into marketing?
Is there a scientific name for what existed before the Big Bang?	What was the universe before Big Bang?
What is the breakdown of Skype's total international user base in 2014 over each country?	What is the breakdown of Skype's total international user base in 2014 over each country the service is available in?
How demonetization help tackling black money and corruption?	How Rs.2000 currency notes will reduce black money market or corruption?
How can improve my English speaking?	What are some ways to improve English?
Why do video games cost so much to develop?	Why do video games cost money to make? More specifically why would a game like GTA 5 cost much more?
What is the logic behind launching 2000 rupees note?	What is the reasoning behind launching the note of Rs 2000 in India?
What are the longest lasting rechargable batteries?	What is the longest lasting rechargable battery?
What is Apache Hadoop?	What is Hadoop?
Why is Thomas Edison more famous than Nikola Tesla?	Why Edison is more famous than Tesla though Tesla wants to make current available free of cost unlike edison who made money from it?
What should I do if I am not happy from my life?	What should I do if I am not happy in my life?
What will be the effect of banning 500 and 1000 Rs notes on the Indian economy?	What are your views on de legitimization of 500 Rs and 1000 Rs note by Government of India?
Why do people ask questions on Quora that can easily be answered by Google?	Why do people ask Quora questions which can be answered easily by Google?
What's the most embarrassing moment you've ever had?	What's the most awkward/embarrassing situation you've ever faced in your life?
What have you learnt from your life until now?	What are Some of the best life lesson that you ever learnt in your life?
Why do some people think the Earth is flat?	Why are there still people who believe the world is flat?
What is the average day like for a Japanese or Korean high school student?	What is the average high school day like in Japan or Korea?
How do you know when you've found the right girl?	How do you know when you've found the one?
What is the oldest civilization on Earth?	Which is the oldest civilisation?
Can I make money by uploading videos on YouTube (if I have subscribers)?	How can I make money on YouTube?
How does meditation help?	Is meditation useful?
Which url has to be used to create a blog on Quora?	How do I create a blog in Quora and enter the correct URL?
How do I concentrate in a better way on studies?	How do I concentrate better on my studies?
How can I get better at maths?	What are some ways to get better at maths?
How do I get a job in Quora business and community team?	How do you get a job at Quora in managing the community?
What is dialects?	What are dialects?
Is a second Cold War already ongoing?	Is there already another Cold War crisis?
How can I increase traffic to my websites by Facebook?	What is the increase organic traffic of websites?
What is the most stupid question asked on Quora?	What could be the stupidest question in Quora?
How i can know who visited my Facebook profile?	How do I see if someone visited my Facebook profile?
What are some common ways to make money with money?	What is the most common way to make money?
Which is the best phone under ₹15000?	What is the best phone I can buy under the price of 15000?
How do I get a job at a gaming company?	How do you get a job in a game company?
What is something that you know that I don't?	What is something that I don't know but you know?
What are some great movies like "The Pursuit of Happyness"?	What are some movies like "The Pursuit of Happyness," which give a great satisfactory feeling at the end and also have some lessons for real life?
How does one earn money online without an investment from home?	How can I earn money easily online?
How can you measure the temperature of a room using a thermometer?	Can a thermometer be used to measure room temperature?
Why are you a Muslim and how did you come to Islam?	Why did you accept Islam?
Which are best Bollywood movies?	Which  Are Some Best Bollywood movies?
How do I inspire my daughter to study?	How should I inspire my daughter to study?
Why doesn't anyone reply to my questions on Quora?	How come my questions always get ignored on Quora?
What are some examples of streamlining broken processes to increase efficiency?	What are some examples of productive efficiency?
How can we check counterfeit 2000 ₹ and 500 ₹ notes?	What are the security features of a new Rs. 500 and Rs. 2000 notes?
What is the best thing someone ever did for you?	What is the best thing someone has done for you?
How long should you wait for sex?	How long should someone wait to have sex with their partner?
What are some good tips for a freshman going to college?	What are some tips to survive the Freshman year?
Who are the best in mobile app development company?	Who are the best mobile app development companies?
About MARATHA MORCHA?	What is Maratha Kranti Morcha? What do they really want?
What is your worst birthday memory? Why?	What is your worst birthday memory?
What does it feel like to live in a RV or trailer?	What is it like to live in an rv full time?
What are the best study strategies?	What are some tricks to study effectively?
Should we do everything to be happy?	What do you need to be happy?
Why is making multiple fake accounts on Quora illegal?	Is making multiple fake accounts on Quora illegal?
What are the classes on Guild Wars 2?	What are the best Guild Wars 2 classes?
Do Boys like introvert girls as girlfriend?	Do boys like introverts girls as a girlfriend?
Why do some cats eat grass - even though it makes them vomit?	Why do cats eat grass?
What is the worst experience you have had with a celebrity?	What is your worst experience with celebrity?
What happened to and why aren't we using the relatively safe Thorium Cycle for nuclear power?	Why aren't thorium nuclear reactors widely used?
What are good podcasts to help get started in Blockchain?	What are podcasts to get involved in Blockchain?
Why does a loud noise wake us up from a deep sleep?	Why do we wake up at noise?
Why is my period one day late?	Why is my period 8 days late?
Where does scabies come from?	What does scabies come from?
What is the difference between a cell phone and mobile phone?	Why is a mobile phone also called a cell phone?
Why don't people answer me on Quora?	Why is no one giving me an answer to my questions?
What is the difference between a veena and a rudra veena?	What is the difference between a Rudra-veena and a normal veena?
How safe it is to browse deep/dark web?	Is it safe to browse the dark web?
How can I come out of my comfort zone and stay concentrated?	How can I come out of my comfort zone?
What are some of the best IAS coaching institutions in Mumbai?	What are best IAS coaching institutes in Mumbai?
How do I rebuild a DeWalt 18V battery pack?	How do I rebuild an 18 volt DeWalt Battery?
When will India be a developed country?	How long will India be a developing country?
How can I hack the mobile phones of my friends?	How can I hack mobile phone?
What is one incident that changed your life?	Which incident has changed your life?
What are some best books to prepare for IBPS PO?	What are the best books for preparing for IBPS PO's exam without coaching?
What advantages do shoelaces have over Velcro?	Why do sneaker manufacturers favour laces over Velcro?
How do I get into my Facebook if I can't remember passwords and I can't access email account?	How do I get into my Instagram if I forgot my email and my Facebook password?
How do I access my yahoo email I can't?	How do I access my yahoo account?
Which are best apps for photo edit?	What is the best software for photo editing?
Who is the most beautiful woman you ever saw?	Who is the gorgeous woman that you ever seen?
How should I stop hand job?	How do I leave hand job?
What's the funniest thing that's ever happened to you?	What’s the funniest thing that’s ever happened to you?
Why the Big Bang is widely accepted while it violates the first law of thermodynamics?	Why is the Big Bang widely accepted while it violates the first law of thermodynamics?
What is the best way to avoid procrastination?	How can I beat procrastination?
Why did Modi selected PATEL as Governor?	Will urjit Patel become a puppet in the hands of modi govt?
What problems do luxury travel agents face?	What problems do travel agents face?
What is the best photo editor app for a Windows phone?	What are the best photo editor apps for Windows phone?
What is the best way to describe yourself?	How do you describe yourself?
What is digital marketing exactly?	What is digital marketing?
Which type of earrings are more popular these days?	Which type of earrings are popular these days?
Why do different months have different number of days?	Why do months have different number of days? I mean they vary from 28 to 31. Why not have an approximate average?
What is the KVPY SA expected cut off for 2016?	What will be the cut-off for KVPY SA stream in 2016?
Are we heading toward World War 3?	Is World War 3 more imminent than expected?
How can we make Delhi pollution free?	How can we curb pollution in Delhi NCR?
What are the best interview questions that are tricky and require presence of mind to answer them?	What are the best interview questions which needs a great presence of mind?
What are your favorite Christmas traditions?	What is your favorite Christmas tradition?
Which is the best place to do sex?	What is the best place to sex?
What is an ionic bond and what is an example?	What are some examples of an ionic bond?
What should be my first Quora question?	What can be my first question for Quora?
Can long distance relationships work out?	Do long distance relationships ever work out?
Do I have a chance of getting into an Ivy League School?	Do I have chances of getting into an Ivy League?
Why are Apple products more expensive than other similar products?	Why are Apple products so much more expensive than products of other companies having similar specifications?
What are some examples of awful customer service?	What are some examples of poor customer service?
Why does Quora keeps marking my questions as “Needs improvement”?	Why does Quora mark most of the questions as needing improvement?
Why does Heinz have 57 on the bottle?	What are the 57 varieties touted on the Heinz product bottles?
Why would kashmir want to secede from india?	Do the people of Kashmir want separation from India?
Why are Saltwater taffy candy imported in the Philippines?	Why are saltwater taffy imported in Japan?
Are there any flaws in the American education system?	What is wrong with the American education system?
What are similar books to Harry Potter?	Name some books which are similar to harry potter?
How is yoga beneficial?	Is doing yoga beneficial to me?
What are some businesses that can possibly make me a billionaire?	What are some business or ways that will make me a multi-billionaire?
Why do I get bored so quickly?	Why do I get bored so often?
How can I learn hacking at home?	How should I learn hacking by myself?
What are your favorite mind-soothing English songs?	What's your favorite soothing English songs?
Do I have hidden APS on my phone?	Are there hidden apps on my phone?
Which music do you like best?	What kind of music do you love?
How can changing 500 and 1000 rupee notes end the black money in India?	How will the scrapping of Rs 500 and Rs 1000 notes help in reducing black money and corruption?
What are your top 5 movies for 2016?	Which movies are the best in 2016?
How do I lace open laced shoes?	How do you tie your shoes?
What is the difference between BSc in biotechnology and B.Tech in biotechnology? What would be the difference in the jobs allotted?	What's the difference between b.tech (biotechnology) and b.sc (biotechnology)?
Can I use olive oil as a moisturizer?	How can I know what kind of olive oil is the best for my skin?
What are the most embarrassing moments in life?	What is most embrassing moment of your life?
What are the best simulator games for android?	Which are some best simulator games on android?
In Pokemon GO how should one prioritize powering up CP vs evolving?	Does powering up pokemon before evolving them effect the CP of the evolved form? Will the evolved form be stronger if I powered the pokemon up first?
Should I listen to my heart or to my parents?	Should I listen to my heart or my parents?
How do women become prostitutes?	Why do women become prostitutes?
How do I get a question posted?	How can I ask my question on Quora?
Is the flying Spaghetti Monster real?	Does the Flying Spaghetti Monster exist?
How can I make money online without spending money?	How do I to make money online?
Why is the English Premier League is the most popular league in the world?	Is Premier league the best in the world?
Who has the most beautiful eyes you have ever seen?	Whose eyes do you think are the most beautiful?
How should I start the preparation of IAS exam from my graduation level?	How do start preparation for IAS?
Are the current helicopter parenting practices a good thing?	Why is helicopter parenting good?
What is the best picture you have seen ever?	What is the best picture you have ever seen in your life?
Why do so may people ask questions on Quora that can easily be found by a simple Google searh?	Why do people ask basic questions instead of searching them?
What is the best free app for game?	What are the best free apps for games?
How should I remember english words?	How can I increase English vocabulary?
Should Mark McGwire be in the Hall of Fame?	Will Mark McGwire be in the Hall of Fame?
How did Donald Trump win the 2016 US Presidential Election?	How is Donald Trump winning?
What are some good Indian stock market apps?	Which is the best Indian stock market app?
How can I increase a website traffic?	How can I increase the traffic on a site?
What is the importance of poetry in our society?	What is the importance of poetry in the modern society?
How do I become mentally stronger?	How can one become emotionally and mentally strong in life?
What's the most memorable event in your life?	What is the most memorable incident/event of your life?
Which startup investors are on Quora?	Which angel investors are on Quora?
Who won the vice presidential debate of 2016 between Tim Kaine and Mike Pence?	Who won last night Mike Pence or Tim Kaine VP debate?
What are Some mind blowing Electric Scooters That mos't people dont know?	What are some mind blowing electric scooters that most people don't know 2016?
How can humanity adapt to the long term impact of Climate Change? For what reasons should we hold out hope that our species will adapt and survive?	How will humans adapt to climate change?
How can I make money from a blog?	How do you make money writing a blog?
Can we time travel?	Can time travel ever be possible?
What did you learn today about life?	What new thing did you learn about life today?
What is your favorite movie?	What is your most favorite movie?
How would scrapping Rs 500 and 1000 notes affect the real estate sector?	How will be the banning of 500 and 1000 rupees notes will have impact on real estate and Construction industry in India?
How was your experience of ACM-ICPC World Finals?	How is it at the ACM-ICPC world final?
What's Drakes net worth?	What is Drakes Net worth?
Have you ever faced any supernatural moment in your life?	Have you ever faced any paranormal activities in your entire life?
How do I handle exam pressure?	How do I handle exam pressure in exam?
Can one hack Facebook with software?	How do we hack a Facebook account?
What is the mass of the Sun?	What is the mass of our sun?
What is the significance of the Fourteenth Amendment?	What is the importance of the Fourteenth Amendment?
What is a power factor? How can I get a power factor equation?	What is power factor? What is its importance?
What are some unbelievable catches in cricket?	What are some of the best catches in cricket?
How can I get rid of the visible pores on my nose?	How do I close up pores on my nose?
How does babies think if they don't know any language?	How do babies think if they don't know language?
How do I get my jio sim card number?	How do I get Reliance Jio 4G SIM?
What are the functions of red and yellow bone marrow?	What are the differences between red and yellow bone marrow and what are their functions?
What actually is the Kashmir issue?	What is the Kashmir issue?
Which macro lens is good for Canon DSLR EOS 600D?	I have a Canon EOS 600D and want to buy my first macro lens. Which one should I choose?
How will abolishing rs.500 and rs.1000 notes reduce corruption and identifying black money?	How will replacing 1000 notes with 2000 notes going to stop corruption and black money?
How much money would it cost to buy my own island?	How much does it cost to buy an island?
What are your views about governments decision to stop flow of 1000 and 500 rupee notes.?	What are the full implications of the Indian government's decision to withdraw all the old 500 and 1000 rupee notes from circulation?
Has science ever tried to figure out if there's life after death?	Can science ever unlock the mysteries of death & life after death?
Can Height be increased after 18 or 19 years of age?	How do I increase height after puberty?
What is that one incident that changed your life for better?	Can you describe an incident that changed your life?
I want to change my caste. Will that be possible?	How can I change my caste?
What do Iranians think about the new national internet created by the country?	What do Iranians feel about the new "Iran Internet"? Will it make a difference with current internet usage?
Why do I not love my boyfriend?	Why can't I love my boyfriend?
If vacuum gravitational and dark energy is created without limit as universe expands?	Will we get more and more dark energy and vacuum energy as universe expands? Will this happen forever?
How do you schedule an Uber in advance?	Can you schedule an Uber ahead of time? How do you do this? Can I set the pickup time in advance?
Why is my period a week late?	Why does periods get late?
How can you tell if your cat loves you?	How can you tell if your cat really loves you?
What can you do with an economics degree?	What jobs can someone get with an economics degree?
Why do men go to war?	Why should men go to a war?
How do I get rid of cellulite from my lower body? What kind of physical activity helps?	Why do people have cellulite and how do you get rid of it?
How do I get online sponsors for national level college event sponsors for college level events?	How do I get sponsors for college event?
Is Modi overrated?	Do you think that Modi is too overrated?
Why Indian government is not banning Chinese products?	Can India really avoid Chinese products?
What would Indonesia be with Donald J. Trump as POTUS?	What will happen to Indonesia if Donald Trump is elect president of the US?
Why weren't the Allies tried as possible war criminals at the Nuremberg trials?	Why did the Allies allow Nazi war criminals to hide out in Argentina?
How can I control my lust?	How do I control lust?
How safe is Airbnb?	Is it safe to use Airbnb?
Where can I find delicious cupcakes at Gold Coast?	Where can I get good quality cupcakes and a lot of different flavor in Gold Coast?
How do I impress a girl on chat?	How to impress girls in school?
How does I increase the strength of Concrete?	What are some ways to increase the strength of a concrete?
What career choice do I have after completing a B.Tech in mechanical engineering if I am interested in space research?	How will be my career if I chose MBA after b.tech in mechanical engineering?
What does Balaji Vishwanathan think about 500/1000 notes banning and issuance of ₹2000 notes?	What do you think about the ban on 500 and 1000 denomination notes in India?
Which is your favourite Metallica song?	Which is your favourite Metallica song and why?
How do I make my college application for NYUAD stand out?	How do I make my application to NYUAD stand out?
What are the characteristics of a linear demand curve?	What is a linear demand curve?
Why isn't anyone paying attention to the sexual assault lawsuit filed against Donald Trump?	Why isn't the media reporting on the rape lawsuit recently filed in NY against Donald Trump?
How do I hire a legit hacker?	Where can I find a qualified hacker?
How much time would it take to learn guitar?	How much time does it take to learn an acoustic guitar?
What is a black hole made of?	What are black holes really made of?
Are there lgbtq characters in The Lord of the Rings?	Were any of the Lord of the Rings characters homosexual?
How do I hack a WiFi network?	How can we hack Wifi Passowrds?
How should I increase my concentration power?	How do I improve my concentration to the maximum?
How should I gain 2kg weight per month (10kg in total for 5 months) as a skinny guy?	How can a skinny guy gain weight and develop a fit body?
What actually is Gravity?	What is gravity? Is it an electromagnetic sound wave?
Why did MS Dhoni quit ODI and T20 captaincy but will still play?	Why MS Dhoni has quit the captaincy from limited overs?
How strong is the Kraken?	How strong is Kraken?
What are major problems in computer vision?	What are the major open problems in computer vision?
Which is the best 5 inch smartphone within rupees 12000?	Which is the best 5 inch smartphone having marshmallow and Snapdragon within rupees 12000?
How do I make friends.	What is the best way to make a friend?
How is soy sauce and teriyaki sauce different?	How does teriyaki sauce differ from soy sauce?
What is a resistor? What does it do?	What is resistor?
What would have solved the Kashmir issue?	Is there any political solution between India and Pakistan on Kashmir issue?
What are the best product based companies to work for?	What are best product based companies to work for?
Is pre marital sex morally right?	Is pre marital sex a sin?
Why do people ask questions on Quora while They can get all the answers by Googling?	Why do people ask question on Quora that can be easily and definitively answered by Googling?
Is it possible to create a new operating system using C#?	Is there any possibility for make complete Operating System using C#?
What does it mean to dream of the guy you like?	What does it mean to dream of a guy you like?
Which is the best godrej air conditioner repair center in Hyderabad?	Where is the best Godrej air conditioner repair center in Hyderabad?
What should I do to improve my questions on Quora?	How often do you mark questions as "needing improvement" on Quora?
How do you kiss?	What is the best way to kiss?
What is that one incident in your life that completely changed you?	What incident changed your life forever?
How much air is escaping into space in a year?	How much air escapes earth's gravity every year?
How do I reduce my weight?	What would be a realistic plan to lose weight?
Why is Saltwater taffy candy imported in China?	Why is Saltwater taffy candy imported in the Philippines?
Why does India so scared of CPEC?	Why is India frustrated and upset by Pakistan CPEC?
What are the symptoms of a tcm (transmission control module) problem?	What are symptoms of a bad transmission control module?
Why Arnab Goswami resign times now? And start entrepreneurs.?	Why Arnab Goswami resigned times now?
How do you prepare for a job interview?	How should I prepare for interview?
How can I keep my room clean?	How can I keep my room tidy?
What are the best gifts?	What would be the best gift ever?
Why do people write for Quora?	Why should I answer in Quora?
What is the increase organic traffic of websites?	How can I increase the traffic to my website?
Why do some people call Narendra Modi the butcher of Gujarat?	Why is Narendra Modi called the butcher of Gujarat?
How do I draw shear force and bending moment diagrams (strength of materials)?	How do I draw bending moment and shear force diagram?
What is wrong with the current indian education?	What is wrong with the Indian education system?
Can first love last?	Can first loves last?
What's the reasoning for not having released all the Star Wars films in order?	Why was Star Wars released in such a strange order?
What is the best way to get the cheapest flight deals for domestic travel in India?	How do I book the cheapest domestic flights in India?
How do I improve my communications and writing skills?	How can I improve my communication skills and writing skills?
Why do we always see the same side of the Moon from Earth?	Why do we see the same face of the Moon from anywhere on Earth?
How can I gain weight on my body?	How do I gain weight?
What is meant by maturity?	What can be termed as maturity?
How do you deal with stress?	What is the best way to deal with mental stress?
What happened to Benito Mussolini during the ww2?	What happened to Mussolini after WW2?
Is Baghdadi dead or alive?	Is Abu Bakr al Baghdadi dead or is it a rumour?
What are the disadvantages of being an only child?	What are the advantages of being an only child? What are the disadvantages?
Where do I get weed in Kolkata?	Where can I find good quality weed in Kolkata?
I forgot my password and the email address I used to create my Snapchat account. How can I log in or at least change my email address or password?	What do I do if I don't know my Snapchat password or email to it?
Which is the best torrent site for music?	What is the best music torrent site?
How do I start to overcome clinical Depression?	What are some ways to help a teenager overcome depression?
Why is Dhoni's brother missing from his film?	Why there is no mention of Dhoni's brother in his film?
What is the best way to inprove my English writing ability?	How do I enhance my English writing skills?
Could someone with a trillion dollars make a nuclear fusion reactor?	Could someone with a trillion dollars make a sustainable nuclear fusion reactor?
What are some bad things about having large breasts?	What are some downsides of having big breasts?
What would happen if Hillary Clinton suddenly disappeared?	What would happen if Hillary Clinton disappeared without a trace?
Was anyone ever forced to be naked in front of many others?	Was anyone ever forced to strip naked in front of many others?
Where can I get necessary legal advice and services in Sydney for property transaction?	Where can I get very smooth and uncomplicated assistance in Sydney for any property transaction?
What’s so great about the Godfather? What makes it one of the greatest movies of all time?	What makes The Godfather trilogy the greatest movies of all time?
Should I use a mass gainer or protein?	What Should I use a mass gainer or protein supplementry to gain muscles?
Why does Quora hate Donald J Trump?	Why is Quora against Donald Trump?
How could Germany have won World War II?	Could Germany have won World War 2?
How do I know if my spouse is cheating?	How do you know when your spouse is cheating?
What is the taste of semen?	What do sperm taste like?
Is Spotify available in India?	When will Spotify arrive in India?
What is a good first programming language?	What's a good and easy programming language to learn?
What is the best way to promote your business online?	How can I promote my business online?
Where is the best IFB Refrigerator Service Center in hyderabad?	Where is the best IFB service center in Hyderabad?
Has anyone had any near death experiences that they wish to share?	Has anyone ever had a near-death experience?
How can someone submit a form without using the submit button?	Is it possible to submit an HTML form without a submit button?
Why do the voices of many elderly people change, so that they "sound" old?	What makes old people sound old?
Would anything have changed if Hitler had been accepted at the Vienna Academy of Fine Arts?	Would World War II have started if Hitler was accepted by the Academy of Fine Arts Vienna?
How do I recognise true volte mobiles?	How do I recognise a voLTE mobile?
Why is my Google Chrome so slow? How do I fix it?	Why is Google Chrome so slow? How can I fix it?
Can life really exist beyond Earth?	Is there life outside the earth?
How you become more creative?	How can I become creative?
What are some of the most closely guarded secrets?	What are the most awesomely guarded secrets in the world?
Is it possible to time travel to past?	Is it possible to travel back or forward in time?
How do I find who just called from a private number?	How can I find who is calling me from a restricted number?
What are the primary defects of http?	What are the primary design defects of HTTP?
What is the most useless feature you have seen on a car?	What is the most pointless feature on a car?
Can I give artificial flowers to my man?	Can I give my man artificial flowers?
How can I improve my writing skills and blog style?	How can I improve my story writing skills?
How do I know that my spouse is cheating on me?	How do I know whether a guy is cheating on me or no?
What are the interesting fields to get a doctorate degree?	What are the best fields to get a doctorate degree?
Will India fight a war against Pakistan?	Should India declare war against Pakistan?
Why did Indians want Independence from Britain?	Why did Indians want independence from the British?
How does earth behave as a huge magnet? What causes it to behave it as a magnet?	The earth is huge magnet.why?
How do you cope with anxiety?	How do you cope with social anxiety?
Why do cats knead their owners?	Why do cats knead blankets and other fabrics?
Why do Jimmy Kimmel and Matt Damon not get along?	Why are Jimmy Kimmel and Matt Damon rivals?
Does Gary Johnson stand a chance of being elected president?	Does Gary Johnson stand a chance in the 2016 election?
What is the meaning of life? Whats our purpose on Earth?	What's the purpose of a human life?
Who leaked Trump's tax records to the New York Times?	How was Donald Trump's 1995 tax return leaked to the New York Times?
How is the cell membrane composed?	What constitutes cell membranes?
How many people approximately drop a year to study for JEE all over India?	Approximately how many students drop a year for JEE Mains?
How do I get a girlfriend?	How do I get a girl to like me back?
How can I hack a Facebook account?	Can one hack Facebook with software?
How should I prepare for my first interview?	How do I prepare for my first job interview?
What can be the medium budget to visit best places in Kerala for three members (2-3 days)?	What are the best places to visit in Kerala? What is the best way of transportation there?
What are some things that you want your fellow Indian citizens to stop doing?	What is that one thing you want Indians to stop doing?
Why did Tata Sons removed/sacked Cyrus Mistry as the chairman?	Why Cyrus Mistry has been replaced by Ratan Tata?
How many people die of starvation every day?	How many people die of hunger every day? How can we decrease that number?
Have you ever faced any supernatural moment in your life?	Have you ever witnessed any supernatural phenomena for real?
How should I convince a startup investor that he should invest in my idea?	How can I invite investors to invest money for my idea?
Which Professors in which universities are good to intern under?	How do I get in touch with professors in good universities to work under them as an intern?
Which laptop is best for Linux?	What laptop is best for Linux?
What is a best way to get hands on experience in Hadoop?	What is the easiest way to get hands-on experience with hadoop?
Which laptop is best under 25000?	Which is best laptop under 25000 with all features like VGA and hdmi port?
How can I build a DIY car?	How would I build my own car?
How do I tell if someone is a psychopath?	How can you tell if someone is a psychopath?
Why do people on Quora just copy stuff from Google and answer?	Why do some people answer the questions in Quora by copy paste from Google answers?
How can I improve my English Language?	What should I do to improve my spoken English?
What is the number one reason people get tattoos?	Why do people get tattoos in the places they do?
How can I stop being absent minded all the time?	How does a person get over being absent minded?
How can we stop thinking negatively about others?	What are the technique to stop negative thinking about someone in just few seconds?
How do debit card refunds work?	How does a debit card refund work?
How long is the test to become a certified welder?	How long is the qualification test to become a certified welder?
What are the limitations and challenges of deep learning models?	What are the fundamental limitations of deep learning?
What is a now?	What is now?
Can a girl fall in love twice if yes then how can I make my best friend to fall in love with me?	How do I make a girl fall in love with you if you are her best friend?
What is the dotted condom?	What are dotted condoms?
What are the perks and problems with being physically attractive?	What are the advantages and disadvantages of being attractive?
What is the one thing you regret doing the most in your life?	What is the one thing you regret not doing in your life?
How will Brexit's exit from European Union affect the Indian economy?	How does the exit of Britain from European Union affect the Indian economy?
Will fears of Zika virus negatively impact the Rio Olympics?	Will zika virus effect Rio olympics?
How many times can I take the GATE exam?	GATE EXAM: How many times can one take up GATE exam?
How do you deal with a sociopath/narcissist/self-centered mother?	How does someone deal with a narcissistic mother?
Which type of maths are in electrical engineering?	What kind of math is used in electrical engineering?
Which iphone app is the best educational app for kids?	iPads for Education: Which ios apps are best for teaching kids?
How can I hack my friends phone?	How could you hack someone’s mobile phone?
What is a way to make money online?	What is the easiest way to earn money from online?
What is an easy way make money online?	How can I make money online consistently?
What will the year 2100 be like?	What will the year 2099 be like?
How many types of oak trees are there? How do they differ among them?	What are the different types of oak trees and how are they differentiated?
Who is your favorite Character on The Big Bang Theory and why?	Who is your favorite character on The Big Bang theory?
What is the relationship between North Korea and Japan?	What is the relationship like between North Korea and Japan?
How we can enable VoLTE in Lenovo K3 Note?	Can a Lenovo K3 Note support VoLTE?
When can women get pregnant in the menstrual cycle?	Can u get pregnant the day after your period ends?
How can I overcome the habit of procrastination?	What's an efficient way to overcome procrastination?
Should laws be made to increase punishment for sex offenders?	Should we increase punishment for sexual offenders?
Why am I afraid of commitment?	Why am I so afraid of commitment?
What are the basic questions asked in a job interview?	What are the common questions asked during interviews?
How do you know if you know yourself?	How can you be yourself when you don't know yourself?
Is time travel possible through a wormhole?	Why is time travel possible through a wormhole?
How can I get an internship at Google?	How do I get an internship from Google?
Which mobile phone is good at reasonable price?	Which mobile phone is better at a reasonable price?
Can you listen to the radio on an iPhone 6 without WiFi or mobile data?	Can you listen to radio on the iPhone 6 without WiFi or mobile data?
What's it like to talk to a Sociopath?	How does it feel to talk to a sociopath?
What's the best advice you could give to a person suffering from social anxiety disorder?	What is the best way to deal with social anxiety disorder?
Have you ever experienced anything paranormal? Such as ghost sightings?	Have you ever experienced ghosts?
Do you ever regret that you did not start learning programming at an early age?	Have you ever regretted not learning programming at an early age?
Where can I watch free streaming movies online?	What is best site to watch free movies online?
Where can I meet a rich man?	HOW DO I MEET A RICH MAN (W ITH MONEY)?
What is your favorite rock song?	What is your favorite rock song? Why?
What are the different functions of plasma membrane?	What are the functions of the plasma membrane?
Which is the best city in the world to live in? Why?	Which is the best city to live?
What are the essentials for a quality engineer?	What are the essential qualities of an engineer?
How are the placements after doing an Engineering Management MS in the US?	How are the job opportunities in US after completing MS in Engineering Management?
How can I stop smoking a cigarette?	How do I stop smoking cigarettes?
What are the best new Car gadgets that most people don't know about?	What are the best new Car gadgets technology that most people don't know about?
How can I slowly lose weight?	How do i lose weight?
Which mobile phone is the best under 15k?	Which is best mobile under 15000?
Can we use Jio sim in 3G phone?	Can I use Jio sim in my 3G mobile?
Where and how can I download cbse books?	Where can I download CBSE books?
How is a image formed by a plane mirror? What are some examples?	What is the image formed by plane mirror?
Why don't north Korean people revolt against their monarchy rule even in 21st century?	Why don't North Korean army revolt against their dictator?
How do I fInd a job that I really want?	How do I find the job I want?
Is it worth pursuing a graduate degree in urban planning?	Is doing a graduate degree in urban planning worth the money?
Who are you voting for U.S. President in November 2016 and why?	Who are you voting for (for US president) and why?
How do the porn companies manage to make money when there is lot of free porn available?	How do porn video companies still make profits when there are a lot of sites offering porn for free?
Where can I get affordable package in Sydney for floor tiles?	Where can I get wonderful floor tiles company in Sydney?
Does meditation work?	I have bad anxiety. Does meditation work?
What advice would you give to a person that has debilitating social anxiety?	What are tips or helpful tools to combat social anxiety?
Why doesn't Quora show the number of downvotes if it does show the number of upvotes?	Why doesn't Quora show a net result of upvotes and downvotes something like 10 upvotes and 7 downvotes = +3?
How do you fix an iPhone when it hangs?	What do I do when my iPhone freezes?
What does a liquid coming from the vagina during intercourse mean?	What comes out of vagina during sex?
Why do some guys love short girls?	Why do guys love short girls?
Why was The Nobel prize winning scientist James Watson shunned for proving that black people are less intelligent than white people?	Is it true that "Black People are Less Intelligent" as once said by Dr. James Watson, Nobel Prize Laureate and DNA Pioneer?
Android (operating system): Is iOS better than Android and Windows Phone?	Is it iOS is better than Android?
What is the most practical solution to stop global terrorism?	What should be the solution to end global terrorism?
How do I improve my presentation in an exam?	How can I improve my exam presentation?
What are some good ways to increase your stamina?	What's the best way to increase stamina?
Can something give you more pleasure than sex?	Is there a more pleasurable feeling than sex and orgasm?
How I recover my Facebook password?	How do I recover my Facebook login password?
What are the benefits of jogging?	What are the benefits of jogging everyday?
Don't you think Modi will repeal decision to ban 500 and 1000 notes as it will cause high inconvenience?	Do you think Indian governments decision to demonetize the 500 and 1000 rupee note is a sudden action?
What are some of the best places to visit in your country?	What is the best place to visit in your country?
How do I become popular in my class?	How can I become popular in class?
Where can I find true happiness?	Where you find true happiness?
Can you track a stolen cell phone?	How do I track my stolen phone or device?
What are the things that you would like to improve about yourself?	What would you like to change about yourself?
Which institute is the best for piping design and engineering?	Which is the best institute for piping design engineering?
What are some of the resources to learn about IoT?	What are some good sources to learn about Industrial internet & IoT?
How do i get myself a girlfriend?	How can I get a girlfriend easily?
Why is "Foster's Home for imaginary friends" forgotten?	Why is Foster's Home for Imaginary Friends cartoon forgotten?
How can I get started using Quora?	How do I get starting using quaro?
Poker Rakeback: Which is the best poker rakeback sites?	What are the best poker rakebacks sites?
Why do asexuals exist?	Does asexuality really exist?
Is there a high risk that President Hillary Clinton will initiate a war with Russia?	Do you realize if Clinton wins we will go to war with Russia? She will be the cause of ww3?
How do I prepare for the 10th class ICSE board?	How can I prepare myself for my upcoming class 10th ICSE board examination?
Can a person sensitive to weed and has a low tolerance to it feel a buzz if they accidentally ingest tiny traces of weed?	Can a person with extremely low tolerance to weed get high of off tiny traces of THC?
What are the chances of Petyr Baelish taking over the Iron Throne?	Will Littlefinger sit on the Iron Throne?
Do prokaryotes have cell walls or cell membranes?	Do all prokaryotes have cell wall?
Why did Arnab Goswami Resigned?	Why Arnab Goswami resigned times now?
Can skipping increase your height?	How could I increase my height?
What are the best tips to study philosophy at university?	What are the best tips to study philosophy?
Which are the best resonable rates beach facing resorts to stay in with your family in Goa?	Which are the best resorts in Goa?
Why do students find school boring?	Why do I find school so boring?
How is CGI as a company?	Is CGI good company?
What is the utility behind removing Rs 1000 notes and rather introducing Rs 2000 notes in order to curb black money?	How will the introduction of new 2000 rupee notes help in curbing the black money?
Which are the best resumes in the world?	What are some best resume?
What are some things to do in Goa?	What are all the best places to visit in goa?
How can I earn from stocks?	What is the best way to earn from stocks?
How and why did trump win?	How did Donald Trump become president?
Does high blood pressure cause erection problems?	Does high blood pressure lower your erections?
Is Bollywood on the decline after the sensational success of Tamil movie Kabali?	Has Bollywood ever made a Hindi movie comparable to Tamil movie Kabali?
What is the difference between supercharging and turbocharging?	What is the difference between a super charger and turbocharger?
What are the prospect of mechanical engineers in future?	What would be the mechanical engineering opportunities in future?
What are the differences between someone with with an N instead of an S in their personality type?	What is the difference between an intuitive personality type and a sensor personality type?
Can we expect time travel to become a reality?	Is time travel possible after the discovery of gravitational waves?
Which novel should read by every student?	Which are the best and most interesting novels which should be read by every student?
How do I stop my puppy from biting everything?	How do I stop my Lab puppy from biting?
How do you search on Quora?	What is the best way to search within Quora?
Why is everyone on Quora obsessed with IQ?	What is with the obsession of people on Quora with IQ?
Which is the best area for shopping in Chennai?	Which are the best shopping areas in Chennai?
How can you know if someone is lying to you?	What are some tips to know when someone is lying?
How do you make money with affiliate marketing?	How much money do you make doing affiliate marketing?
Psychology of Everyday Life: What are some of the best examples of absence of mind?	What are the greatest examples of absence of mind?
What is the best NFL stadium to play in?	What is the best NFL stadium?
Is a third World War imminent?	Is World War III on its way right now?
How do you delete your Yahoo email account?	How can you delete your Yahoo mail account?
How can I reduce tummy fat?	How can I reduce my hips and tummy in less than a week?
What is the first answer and question on Quora and who answered it?	Which was the first question on Quora and who answered it?
How do I change a clan name in Clash of Clans?	How can I change my name in Clash of Clan?
How should I prepare for CAPF AC exam?	How do I prepare for UPSC CAPF exam?
How can earn money quickly?	How could I make money now?
Which TV show is similar to or better than Friends?	Which TV serial is better than Friends?
Is cannabis legal in California?	Is it legal to smoke weed in California?
What are some of the things about Quora which normally people do not know?	What are best things in Quora that are some people don't know ?
How can we earn money through online?	Can we really earn money online? How?
What is the quickest way to get meth out your system?	How can I flush meth out of my blood?
What can be the solution for the Kashmir conflict?	What would have solved the Kashmir issue?
Are cement companies are core mechanical engineering companies?	Are cement companies core mechanical engineering companies?
Is World War 3 starting as some people are saying?	Will their be a world war 3 soon?
Should Dr. Ben Carson be appointed as Surgeon General?	Would Ben Carson make a good Surgeon General?
What does the edge of the Observable Universe look like?	What is at the edge of the observable universe?
A l.n f.n@gmail.com corresponds Google account? How recover/remove Google account with out sing in gmail or in Google?	A l.n f.n@gmail.com corresponds Google account? How recover/remove Google account with out sing in gmail or in Google account?
How does a catabolic and an anabolic pathway differ?	What are the differences between catabolic and anabolic pathways?
What do you think will be the effect of Modi Government's decision of invalidating the RS 500 and RS 1000 notes?	What do you think about RBI's new move of banning 500 and 1000 notes?
What was your first job and what did you think about it?	When did you get your first job and how was it?
How do you restore a Dell Inspiron 1525 to the factory settings?	How do you reset a Dell laptop to factory settings?
Which molecule or ion can be formed in hydrogen bonding with water?	Which of the molecules can form hydrogen bonds with water?
How can I overcome my porn addiction?	How do I get over my porn addiction?
What are some life acts that we can learn in minute?	Life Lessons: What can I learn in a minute that will be useful for the rest of my life?
How should I start business?	How can I start my business?
What are the top-five books that changed your life and why?	What are the books that changed your life?
How can learn English?	How can I improve fluency in English?
Have you ever experienced any paranormal activities?	Have you ever had any paranormal experience?
What's the most important lesson about life?	What is the best lesson you have learned from life?
How do I invest in stock?	How do invest in stocks?
How do I hack any security wifi password?	How to hack Wifi?
How can I find all my Gmail IDs?	What is my old Gmail account?
Is it okay to watch porn?	Is it illegal to watch porn?
How many medals did India win in Rio olympics?	How many medals did India won in Olympic 2016?
What's the best way to learn meditation?	Where can I start to learn meditation?
What does it feel like when your friend who owns an iPhone keeps asking you for your phone to make a call?	Do you have a friend who owns an iPhone but then asks for your phone to make a call?
How can I develop good writing skills?	How do I improve my English writing and speaking skills?
How can I trace phone calls from a cell phone?	How do I trace a phone call?
What is the salary of fresher income tax officer?	How much salary is for income tax officer?
How do I post a question in Quora?	How do I post something in Quora?
What's your new year resolution for 2017?	What can be my new year resolution for 2017?
Who is the most famous poet in the world?	Who are the most famous poets?
Can guys with a small penis enjoy sex with a women?	Do men with a small penis enjoy sex less than men with a big penis?
How can India completely take back Pakistan Occupied Kashmir?	Why can't India take back the occupied land of Kashmir from Pakistan and China?
Is there anything that moves faster than light?	Is there anything which moves faster than light in the world?
How many countries are the members of uno?	How many countries were charter members of the United Nations?
How would the newly introduced rs 2000 notes not contribute to laundering and black money?	How will replacing 1000 notes with 2000 notes going to stop corruption and black money?
What can we do to improve the Indian education system?	How can we change India's education system?
Which is best age for married?	What is the best age to get married? Best age to have children?
How do I crash nda?	How do l qualify NDA?
What could cause lumps under my jaw line?	What are some causes of lumps under your jaw line?
Can Russia with China defeat the USA?	Could the US defeat Russia and China in the 3rd war?
What is the best way to enjoy coffee?	How would you enjoy a night coffee?
What can I do to protect my song's copyright?	What is the best way to protect my music's copyright?
What are the technological limitations for India to go cashless?	What Are the biggest Challenges of India Going Cashless?
How is the life in North Korea?	How is life in North Korea?
What makes you think that the person is smart?	What makes a person smart?
I'm a chubby girl and my face looks swollen. How can I slim my face?	How can I cut the fat from my face or get rid of chubby face?
How can I have a baby boy?	What can I do to have a baby boy?
What does an internal auditor do?	What are the responsibility of internal auditor?
How do I apply for an internship in Mumbai?	How do I apply for internship in Mumbai?
What is the Five-Second Rule? How does it work?	Is there any scientific basis for the five-second rule?
Can Quora quote the improvements needed in the questions when it is marked as 'Needing Improvement'?	How do I talk to the moderators who marked my questions as needing improvements in Quora?
How can I become more and more beautiful?	How do I become beautiful?
How winning money from YouTube?	How do I make money from a YouTube channel?
What is a good revolver for beginners?	What is a good "starter" revolver?
Is Python good to start learning programming?	How can I start learning the developing of websites using Python?
Should the Indian education system be changed?	Should the education system be changed in India? If so why or why not?
What is difference between Catholics and protestants?	What are the differences between the Protestants & the Catholics in Christianity?
What are web landing pages?	What is landing page?
What's the best way to ignore people?	What is the best way to ignore people around you?
How should India respond to uri attacks?	How should India respond to Pakistan on recent URI attack?
What are the best courses to pursue along with CA?	What is the best course to do after CA?
What are the characteristics of baroque art?	What are some of the characteristics of Baroque art?
What is the main reason for discontinuing 500 and 1000 Rupees Note in India? What are the pros and cons of it?	What are the benefits of banning 500 and 1000 rupees in India?
Can you suggest books for cpt?	What are the best books for CA CPT?
Can Donald Trump win?	Is Donald Trump going to become president?
How can we earn money from Google?	How can I earn money from google?
What will be the effect of India scrapping Rs. 500 & Rs. 1000 notes on Indian stock markets?	What will be the impact of governments decision to scrap currency notes of Rs 500 and Rs 1000 on the stock markets?
How can I improve my academic performance?	How can I improve myself academically?
What can be done to stop hair loss.?	What should I do to stop hair fall?
Why are humans lazy?	Why most humans are lazy?
Can a running electric motor produce its own energy?	Can electric motor generate free energy self-running?
What is one sentence you remind yourself of in order to stay positive?	What one sentence you would use to remind yourself to remain positive?
What is the penultimate purpose of life?	What do you feel is the purpose of life?
Why are there so many dumb questions asked on Quora?	How come there are so many stupid questions on Quora?
Is there any way to recover e-mails that were deleted from a Gmail account?	How can I recover my emails from my Gmail account?
What does relieving illness symptoms through drugs have to do with curing disease?	What does treating illness symptoms through drugs have to do with medical wisdom for knowing how sickness is cured?
What do you think about Serbs?	What do you think about Serbia and Serbs?
Where is the best home appliance service center in hyderabad?	Which one is the best home appliances service center in Hyderabad?
What can a man do or wear to look taller?	How can one look taller?
Is it normal for a 20 year old guy to fall in love with a 60 year old woman?	Is it proper for a 20 year old male to be dating a 60 year old woman?
From where can I pursue digital marketing course?	Which are the best online courses on digital marketing in India?
What are some of the best New Years resolutions for 2017?	What are some meaningful new year resolutions for 2017?
How do I earn money by you tube?	How can I earn money from You Tube?
What will happen now that Donald Trump has won the elections?	What will really happen if Trump becomes President?
How do you write a program in C that checks whether a number is even?	How do I write a C program to check whether a number is even or odd?
What is the paper sizes for the offset printing?	What is the sheet size of offset printing?
Is there a link between mental illness and creativity?	Is there really a link between creativity and mental illness?
Were there ever WMDs in Iraq?	Are there any WMD in Iraq?
What is the secret of effective communication?	What is the secret to effective communication?
Can I claim my spouse as a dependent on my US tax return?	How can I claim my spouse as dependent on my US tax return?
Why did Indian government stopped making 1000 rupee note and started making 2000 instead?	Doesn't it defeat the purpose of demonetizing 500 and 1000 rupee bill if the Government of India introduces new 500 and 2000 rupee bills?
What are some examples of regression?	What is regression? What are some examples?
What are your favorite Chinese foods?	What the Chinese food do you like?
What is your review about MS Dhoni trailer?	What are your views on the trailer of MS Dhoni movie?
Is acting really that hard?	Is acting in a movie really that hard?
Which is the most least corrupted political party in India?	Which is the most corrupt political party of India?
What is depression?	What exactly is depression?
How do you search eBay by seller?	What are some ways to search on eBay by seller?
How do I become more responsible?	How can I become more responsible?
What are some of the best computer games of all time?	What are your all time best computer games?
How is the ionization energy of magnesium determined?	How can the ionization energy of magnesium be determined?
Is there any scientific evidence of life extending after death?	What evidence is there that there is something after death?
What is the best service and repair center in Hyderabad?	Where is the best Service and Repair center in Hyderabad?
What is the soul satisfying thing you have ever experienced in your life?	What is the most incredible thing you've ever done in your life?
What are career options in construction domain after graduation in electrical engineering?	What are the career options for an electrical and electronics engineer in the IOT field?
How do I impress girls?	How can I impress a teenage girl?
How will the passing of GST bill help Indian Economy?	Why is GST amendment a gamechanger for Indian Economy?
Which is best laptop to buy under 30k?	Which is the best laptop to buy under 30k?
How can I see who my boyfriend views on instagram?	Can people see if you have viewed their instagram?
What is the difference between “error” and “exception” in Java?	What is the difference between Errors and Exceptions in Java?
Do scientists play video games?	Do young scientists like playing video games?
What does Quora mean and how do I pronounce it?	How do you pronounce "Quora"?
Being Arrested or Detained by the Police: What's the best way to talk your way out of a speeding ticket?	What are some clever ways of getting out of a speeding ticket?
How was your first kiss?	How was your first kiss and how did it happen?
How do I significantly improve my grades?	What can I do to get better grades?
Is it wrong to feel jealous?	Is it wrong to feel jealous of someone?
Can I find or track my lost mobile device using the phone number?	How can I find out where somebody is by their phone number?
What are primary industries? What are some examples?	What is the examples of primary industries?
Has money been scientifically tested?	Has cash been scientifically tested?
How can I become a web developer?	What do I need to do to become a web developer?
What are the different types of potential energy?	What are the different kinds of potential energy?
How do relationships work in western cultures?	How do relationships work?
How can we learn c programming?	How can a students start learning c programming?
How do I unlock disabled iPhone 6 with no itunes?	How do I enable disabled iPhones without iTunes?
What should be an ideal learning experience/education system for a child?	What is the ideal education system like for the post-industrial era?
What lies outside of our universe?	If we hypothesize that our universe is similar to a box, then what lies outside the box? Can we even conceive the "space" where the box itself lies?
Should I be home schooled or remain in school?	Should I continue public schooling or do home school?
How many tectonic plates exist and which plate is the most active?	How many tectonic plates exist?
How much does Apple earn from cables?	How much does Apple earn on cables like reductions for Macs or iPhones?
Is there any political solution between India and Pakistan on Kashmir issue?	What is solution to Kashmir issue?
What is the best specialization for ECE students to do an MS?	What are the best courses to do MS for an ECE background student?
What is the minimum educational qualification required to become a President of India?	What are the qualifications to become the President of India?
How are they going to finish the new Star Wars trilogy without Carrie Fisher?	How will the new Star Wars movies be handled now that Carrie Fisher has died? Have they finished filming episodes 8 and 9?
How can I join Indian army after BBA?	How can i join Indian Armed Forces?
Is Modi changing India?	Is India really changing under the leadership of PM Modi ?
What are the best places to visit in Goa on a 2.5 day trip?	What are some of the best local places to visit in Goa?
How long does it take to become a radiologist?	How many years (courses) does it take to become a radiologist?
What is the most stupid question asked on Quora?	What are the most annoying types of questions on Quora?
What are some ways people make money without adding value?	What are some interesting ways to make money?
Where is the wildest place you ever had sex?	Where is the oddest place you've had sex?
What are some of the best non fiction books to read that can change one's perspective of life?	What are the books that change your life?
What is difference between App (Application) and Software?	What is the difference between app and software?
How do I balance the need to be comfortable and push myself out of my comfort zone?	How do you make yourself completely come out of your comfort zone?
How do I become emotionally and mentally strong?	How can one become emotionally and mentally strong in life?
What are the best gifts for fiance?	What is the best gift for my fiance?
What's a good website for free movies or shows?	Whats a good website to watch free movies?
How did LIGO detector detect Gravitational waves?	How did LIGO detect gravitational waves?
Is it bad to eat raw cookie dough?	How bad is eating raw cookie dough?
How do I get rid of visible fat on my chest and belly?	What should I eat to get rid of belly fat?
Which are the biggest scams of India?	Which is the biggest scam in India?
How much do women masturbate?	How often do woman masturbate?
What is it like to work for the suicide hotline?	What is it like to work/volunteer at a suicide hotline?
What’s the smartest thing your dog has ever done?	What is the smartest thing your dog has ever done?
What is the difference between detonation and knocking? How can they be prevented?	What is the difference between detonation and diesel knock?
What is the best site for downloading movies?	Which are best sites to download movies?
Why is Autism painful?	Why is Sensory Overload painful?
How do I relieve lower back pain and stiffness?	How do I deal with back pain as a teenager?
Can we generate an artificial magnetic field around mars?	How would you create a fake magnetic field on Mars?
How is geothermal energy used to generate electricty?	How is geothermal energy used to generate electricity?
How do I lose weight ayurvedically?	What are the best was to lose weight?
What separates humans from other animals?	What is the difference between humans and the other animals?
What is the best free video blog theme in wordpress?	What are good free WordPress blogging theme for starters?
What does 'there is no spoon' mean in the movie Matrix?	What does there is no spoon mean in the movie 'Matrix'?
How did Doctor Strange (2016 movie) get greenlit? What's the backstory of how the movie got made?	How did Doctor Strange get greenlit? What's the backstory of how the movie got made?
How do I recover a hacked instagram?	How can I hack my Instagram?
What's the best way to learn web application development with Java technologies?	What technologies should I learn for Java Web Development?
What might be some classified information of the US that even the President doesn't know?	Is President Obama aware of all the classified information of the government?
How are cyclones and hurricanes named?	How do hurricanes get their names?
Where do humans originate?	From where did humans come?
How reliable are lie detector tests in 2016?	How reliable are the lie detector tests?
How can a beginner learn how to do splits in one day?	How can I learn to do splits in one day?
Can I attempt an extra question in section B in the ICSE papers?	Are we allowed to attempt extra questions in section Bs/Part 2 of ICSE?
What classical sources do Greek myths originate from?	From what ancient sources do Greek myths come?
Shall I master Java first to learn Hadoop?	Is it necessary to know Java before learning Hadoop?
Is it possible to get over depression without medicine or therapy?	How do I overcome depression without professional help?
What would be the effect on India if Donald Trump really becomes the president of US?	What does a Donald Trump presidency mean for the US - India relationship?
How can you check who viewed your profile on WhatsApp?	How do I know how many people saw my profile picture in WhatsApp?
How do you know your design is "done"?	How do you know when your design is “done”?
Why do we get a runny nose when we eat something spicy?	Why do we get runny noses when we eat spicy food?
Do mermaids exist?	Are mermaids actually real?
Why is Saltwater taffy candy imported in Australia?	Why are Saltwater taffy candy imported in the Philippines?
What can I do to improve my English speaking?	How can I improve my English in a very short time?
Do liberals want to destroy America?	Is it true that liberals are destroying America?
Why are you here on Quora?	What for and why are you here on Quora?
Is there any method to unlock icloud id lock by anything?	Is it possible to unlock an iPhone without iCloud lock from the previous owner?
Are Cengage books good for JEE Advanced?	Are Cengage's published books for the JEE Advanced enough to crack it with a good rank for all 3 subjects?
How dangerous are phormictopus cancerides?	How poisonous are phormictopus cancerides?
How is the neurological disorder known as chronic inflammatory demyelinating polyneuropathy (CIDP) treated?	How is the neurological disorder known as chronic inflammatory demyelinating polyneuropathy (CIDP) identified?
What's your favorite smell?	What are some favorite smells?
What are career options in construction domain after graduation in electrical engineering?	What are the career options after electrical and electronics engineering?
Which is the best ICICI credit card?	Which icici credit card is the best?
Do you how do you get meth out of your system?	So how can I get meth to be flush out of body in 2 hours before a urine drug test?
What is the best sex youve ever had?	What was the best sexual experience you've ever had?
How long does it take for hair to grow when it's been pulled out?	How long does it take for hair to grow and show after it has been pulled out from the root?
Why do people claim that the death penalty is a cruel and unusual punishment?	Why do people claim that death penalty is a cruel and unusual punishment?
What is zakat used for?	How can Zakat be used?
How can a stone float on water?	Why some stones float on water?
How do the automated cars work?	How do automated cars work?
Why did you choose hotel management?	Why does you chosen hotel management?
What are the pros and cons of 3rd party hotel booking sites?	What advantages are there from booking on 3rd party hotel booking sites instead of a hotel chain's official website?
How important is the role of a manager in a football club?	What exactly is the role of a manager in a football team? How does he affect the team?
What are the thoughts that any PhD student should have to keep himself/herself motivated at all times?	PhD students: How do you keep yourself motivated to work everyday?
Which text editor should I use for C Programming?	What text editor should I use and specially for c programming language?
Why was JFK assassinated?	Why exactly was JFK assassinated?
Are there any current promising MBTI or Socionics projects/apps being developed?	What projects on MBTI or Socionics are being developed?
What should I do after my startup failed?	What do I do after my start-up fails?
How can I improve my study efficiency?	How do you study effectively?
Which are the best comedy movies in Hollywood?	What are the best Hollywood comedy movies to watch?
What is difference between the infatuation and true love?	What is the difference between infatuation and love? I mean which of them is more into focusing only on the good side of the person?
Can I give my dog Benadryl for his allergies?	How can you give dogs Benadryl to calm them down?
How can an introvert change into an extrovert?	Can a person change from being introvert to extrovert or vice versa?
Is there still a way to get paid on Quora?	Will people get paid to answer here?
What conspiracy theory do you believe?	What is the conspiracy theory you believe the most? And why?
What are some nice places to hangout in Pune?	What are some places to spend the weekend near Pune?
Can love happen in arranged marriages?	Does love happen in arranged marriages?
How do I reset Gmail account password?	How do I reset a Gmail password?
What is the highest point in the USA?	What's the highest mountain in the USA?
What is to know about money?	What do I need to know about money?
How can we improve confidence when taking with girls?	How do I develop the confidence to talk to girls?
What is the dumbest thing you have ever done?	What is the stupidest thing you have done?
Why don't people search on Google before posting it on Quora?	Why don't many people posting questions on Quora check Google first?
What do House Republicans think of President Obama?	Do republicans really think President Obama did a bad job?
What is the purpose of a cell membrane?	For what purpose is the cell membrane flexible?
How do I find an entrepreneurial mentor?	How do I ask someone to be my mentor?
What is the best technology to switch over for a SharePoint developer?	What is the best technology to switch to for a SharePoint developer?
What is Pakistan's equivalent university to IITs? And where do those stand compared to IITs?	Which is the best University in Pakistan? Where do they stand compared to IITs?
What's the best hotel booking site?	What is the best hotel booking site online?
How did Donald Trump win the presidency?	Why did Donald Trump win the election?
How do I get into cyber security with no background in it?	How do I get into cyber security with no background?
How can changing 500 and 1000 rupee notes end the black money in India?	How Rs.2000 currency notes will reduce black money market or corruption?
What is the best book for the IES mechanical?	Which is the best book for IES mechanical engineering?
What's a good way to learn Swedish?	How can I learn Swedish?
What is my PUK code number and where can I find it?	How do I find the PUK code my LG TacFone?
What are the best places to explore alone in Pune on the weekends?	What are the best places to hangout in the weekend in Pune?
How can I specifically improve my English?	How can I improve my communication skills in english?
Which book is best one for ibps po preparation?	What is the best correspondence study material for IBPS PO preparation?
What is the solution to control anger?	How can we control anger?
What are some LIC AAO interview experiences?	What could be the questions asked in LIC AAO interview?
How do you ask a girl out on Snapchat?	How do I ask a girl from Snapchat out?
How do I know if I've met my life partner?	How To know if you are with the right partner?
What is the longest running company ever?	What is the longest running company in the world which still running their business?
Who is the best boxer ever?	Who's the best boxer?
Do people change and why?	Why don't people change?
How do I become a hacker like in Mr. Robot?	How do I become a hacker?
What are the demonetization negative and positive effects?	What is the positive and negative effect of demonetization on our economy?
What is your new year resolution for 2017 or goal for 2017?	What's your new year 2017 resolution to improve your daily life routine?
What does it feel like to have a mother or father who doesn't love you?	What is it like to have a mother or father that doesn't love you?
What is the best way to find success in life?	How can you be successful in your life?
Which are the best options for portable bluetooth speakers under 5000 INR?	SPEAKERS: Which are the best portable bluetooth speakers under ₹5k?
What is the gotra chart?	What is Gotra and its significance?
Why should women support Donald Trump?	Why are there still some women who are voting for Donald Trump?
How will the Indian economy benefit if GST is introduced?	What is going to be the impact of the GST on the Indian economy and finance?
How do girls feel about sex?	What does a girl feel about sex?
Why do dogs hate skateboards and what can we do about this issue?	Why do dogs hate skateboards?
What are the most famous caves in the Chhattisgarh?	Which is the most famous cave in Chhattisgarh?
What is the difference between population deviation and population standard deviation?	What is the difference between sample standard deviation and population standard deviation?
Is Angular worth learning?	Is AngularJS worth learning?
What will be the best film in 2016?	What is the best film in 2016?
How do rollerblades and roller skates differ?	How do roller skates and roller blades differ?
What does an unlocked phone mean?	What does unlocked phone mean?
How should I prepare for iit-JEE 2018?	How do I prepare for IIT JEE Advanced 2018?
Honestly what is the healthy minimum and maximum one can sleep?	What is the minimum time one requires to sleep to be a healthy person?
What are some of the most undervalued stocks in Indian equity markets?	Which is the most undervalued or the best share for investment in Indian share market as of to day?
What is the concept behind Make in INDIA?	What is the concept behind “Make in India”?
How will the India demonetization of 500 and 1000 rupees notes will reduce black money?	Will the demonetization of the Rs 500/1000 notes in India actually help to curb black money? Or do the rich store their untaxed cash?
Which is the best headphone under Rs. 2000?	Audio Equipment: What is the best Headphone under Rs 2K available in India?
What are the best Android games?	What is the best Android game to date?
What's the best plan to lose weight?	What is a good diet to lose weight?
What are some of your favorite books?	What are you favorite book?
What is a trading algorithm for the stock market and how do I create one?	How can I create an algorithm to trade stocks?
How can I make friends on Quora?	Can you make online friends with other people on Quora?
How can the temperature in outer space be described?	If outer space is a vacuum how do they measure the temperature?
What do NSITians think about NITs?	What do NSITians think of NITs?
Why did Britain vote to leave the European Union?	Why does Britain want to leave the European Union?
Is it possible to date a Brit if I live in New York?	Is dating a Brit in NYC a possible thing to do?
What do the different IQ scores mean?	What does actually IQ mean?
What is the supersolid state of matter?	What is the supersoild state of matter?
How do you deal with a manipulative liar?	How did you deal with a liar?
Why do I feel tired in the morning even after getting proper sleep?	Why do I feel tired in the morning?
How are the ranks in the US Navy organized?	How were the ranks in the US Navy established?
How do I removed my addiction for masturbating?	How should a guy stop masturbating?
What price drop is expected for the iPhone 6 when they release the iPhone 7?	What price drop is expected for the iPhone 6 when they release the iPhone 6s/7 in September 2015?
What are the good universities offering data science master's in Australia?	Which is the best university for master in data science in Australia?
What exactly is the basic structure of the Indian Constitution?	What is basic structure of constitution?
What are the animal rights?	What are animal rights?
What are the fastest ways to increase height?	What do I do to increase my height?
What are some ways to satisfy my sexual desire other than to masturbate and to have sex?	How do I satisfy sexual desire without masturbation or sex?
How can a newbie get involved in data science and machine learning?	What is data science and how to become a data scientist?
How do you make money with Quora?	Are there any ways to make money through Quora?
How can i earn money through blogging in India?	How do I earn money by blogging in India?
Why should I vote for Hillary Clinton?	Why should I vote for Hillary instead of why I shouldn't vote for Trump?
What is the most followed topic on Quora?	What are the 50 topics with the most followers on Quora?
What are the best jokes ever?	What are the best jokes in the world?
What is/are your New Year resolutions for 2017?	What's your New Year's resolution for 2017?
Is the American School System failing American children?	What is wrong with the American school system?
What's your best memory in your childhood?	What was the best memory of your childhood?
What are the research areas being worked upon in the BITS Goa campus by PhD students?	What are the research areas being explored at BITS goa campus by PhD students?
Does an apple a day really keep the doctor away?	How true is the phrase " an apple a day keeps doctor away"?
Why can't we make a time machine?	Is it possible to make a time machine?
What is the best way to learn white hat hacking?	How can I learn hacking?
What should I do if I lost my password to my Instagram account?	What can be done if I lost my password and account name to Instagram?
Can time travel exist somewhere in our universe already?	Could time travel be possible?
How do I control myself during a diet?	How do i get control over my diet?
How do you know what is your calling?	How can you know what is your calling?
What is an air superiority fighter and how is it different from a multirole fighter?	How is an air superiority fighter different from a multi role combat aircraft?
What is the difference between IMAX and IMAX 3D?	What is the difference between IMAX 3D and IMAX (movie formats)?
What iPhone app do you use most often?	Which iPhone app do you use the most?
What are the safety precautions on handling shotguns proposed by the NRA in New Hampshire?	What are the safety precautions on handling shotguns proposed by the NRA in Montana?
Can hamsters eat apples?	Can hamsters eat peanuts? Are they harmful for them in any way?
Why am I so traumatised after narcissistic abuse?	Why am I so traumatized by narcissistic abuse?
Does anyone believe that there is life on other planets?	Do you think there's life on other planets?
Is 3D printing over-hyped?	Is 3D printing over-publicized?
How can I increase the traffic to a website?	How can I increase traffic to my websites by Facebook?
How can I teach myself to sing?	How can I teach myself how to sing?
What are the programs in a school annual function?	What are the programs in a school annual day?
Which are some of the conspiracy theories that later on proved to be true?	Is there any conspiracy theory proven true?
What are the things that are important in life?	What is the most important thing in life? And why?
How should I control my emotion?	How do I control anger and impulsive emotions?
How does the ban on 500 and 1000 rupee notes helps to identify black money and corruption?	Will the decision to demonetize 500 and 1000 rupee notes help to curb black money?
How can one find his/her life purpose?	How can I find my true purpose?
How do I crack the civil service exam for the first time?	What is best way to crack the Civil Services Exam?
How does 1 Billion Rising stop violence against women?	When will Indians learn to respect women and stop domestic violence against women?
Which is the best site for buying a Rubik's Cube?	Which is the best site to buy a good rubik's cube?
How do I submit a question?	How can I submit a question?
Why is Donald Trump nasty and why do people actually like him?	Why did people think that Donald Trump will be a good president and voted for him?
Do you think that Trump and Congress will retroactively end gay marriages?	Can Donald Trump overturn gay marriage?
Is there any proof that ghosts really exist?	Do ghosts really exists?
Where can I watch Pretty Little Liars for free?	Where can I watch Pretty Little Liars online for free?
How should I start learning how to code with zero knowledge in programming?	How can I start programming from zero level?
What is a geographical indication?	What is a geographical indicator?
How can you make sour cream from cream cheese?	Can you make sour cream from cream cheese?
Which iPhone should I buy between iPhone 6 and 6S?	What is the main difference between iPhone 6 and 6s?
Is Kaguya from "The Tale of Princess Kaguya" movie considered a Magical Girl?	Is "The Tale of Princess Kaguya" movie considered a Magical Girl?
What is article 370 in breif?	What is Article 370 of the Constitution of India?
How can I legally move to the US from the UK?	How can I move from the UK to America?
What are some best laptops under 50k?	What would be the best laptop under Rs. 50k?
How do you define Internet and digitization?	How can you define Internet?
I want a boyfriend what should I do?	I want a boyfriend. What should I do?
What are the organelles found in animal cells?	What are eight organelles in an animal cell?
What is your favourite Harry Potter movie? Why?	Which Harry Potter movie is the best?
What should I do to reduce weight?	I'm fat. How do I lose weight?
What benefits does a Bank Po get after clearing JAIIB and CAIIB?	How much increment is given in the pay of a bank clerk after clearing CAIIB or JAIIB?
I really like this girl. How can I tell if she likes me?	I'm a girl how do I know if a girl likes me?
Is there any search or browse facility for the questions on Quora?	How can I search answers and questions in Quora?
Is there any permanent treatment for thyroid?	Is there a permanent treatment available for Hypothyroidism and why are the TSH levels sometimes dynamically changed?
How do I tell my best friend that I love her?	How do I tell my best friend I'm in love with her?
How can I earn money online easily?	How can I earn money online from home only?
Whats your favorite song?	What are your favorite songs of all time?
What effects does personality has on sports performance?	What are the effects of personality on sports performance?
Will Airbnb have an IPO in 2017?	When will Airbnb have an IPO?
How can I lead an independent life?	How do I lead a independent life?
How can you differentiate between a democracy and a republic exactly?	What is difference between democracy and repulic?
How do I write resume?	How do I write a CV and what do I include in one?
Is Black Lives Matter fixing the problem in the USA or making it worse?	Does Black Lives Matter do more to help or to harm race relations within the US?
How will GST introduced by Government of India lead to curbing of black money in India?	How does GST curb black money in real estate transactions?
Why do black holes exist?	Does black hole exists?
Can skipping increase your height?	Height: How would a 14 year old increase his height?
Can trump get elected?	Did Trump win the election?
What is a police warrant?	What is a warrant?
Which is the best CBSE school in Coimbatore?	Which is the best CBSE schools in coimbatore?
How can I lose 30 pounds in three months?	Is it possible to lose 30 pounds in 3 months? If so how?
What are the best free streaming sites for F1 races?	What is the best site to follow F1 live? Why?
What is the major theme in Ruskin bond's "Room on the Roof"?	What is the main theme of Ruskin bond's Room on the Roof?
How should you end an abusive relationship?	What should I do to end an abusive relationship?
What are some of the most interesting things you have done in the name of research?	What are some of the most interesting things you've done in the name of research?
Will there be a World War III soon?	Do you think we are on the verge of World War III?
Can anyone hack clash of Clans?	How can I hack clash of Clans game?
How can I disable comments on photos posted to Facebook?	How do I disable comments on Facebook posts?
How do I study for the IIT Mains?	How can I prepare in IIT Mains?
How is zero gravity atmosphere for astronauts is created on earth?	How do the astronauts practise for zero gravity on earth?
What is the best porn movie ever?	What are the best porn movies you watch?
How can I mute questions on Quora?	Is it possible to mute a question on Quora?
What are the best stories behind a country's flag?	How is the story behind your country's national flag?
How do I learn designing a compiler?	How do I write a simple compiler?
How do I get to speak fluently English?	How could I improve my English?
How will Donald Trump make Mexico pay for the wall? Why does it make sense that Mexico will pay? Will Mexico do it?	How will Mexico pay for wall?
Is there really a black hole at the center of our Milky Way galaxy? What are the evidences?	What is the evidence that we have that there is a massive black hole at the centre of the Milky Way?
How do I speak English as native speaker?	How do I talk like a native English speaker?
How do I become mature?	What's the best way to become more mature?
Why is the data moved forward if we change the subnet mask of the same IP address?	Why the data send from one side the an other side if we change the subnet mask but not change the IP addresses?
What happened to the whole net neutrality thing in India? Did our petitions do some good?	What happened to the Net Neutrality situation in India?
Is there no life on other planets?	Is there life on other planets and are they more advanced than us?
How exactly can I get out of this comfort zone by motivating myself?	What is actually a comfort zone and how can one get out of a comfort zone?
What is the best romantic movie you have ever seen?	Which is world's best romantic movie?
What is the difference between neutrino and antineutrino?	What is the difference between a neutrino and an antineutrino?
Who would be a better president: Hillary Clinton or Donald Trump?	Who is better among Hillary Clinton and Donald Trump?
What are some health tricks everyone should know?	What are some of the health hacks that everyone should know?
How do you cope with severe migraine?	How can I cure my migraine?
What does it take to be a great math teacher?	How can I be a great math techer?
How come there's no physical evidence for sea dragons existing if they're the largest animal in the sea?	Why is it that the largest animal in the ocean is so elusive in terms of physical evidence?
What are the best softwares for intra day trading in Indian stocks?	Which is the best software for Indian stock trading?
How can I message some one on Quora?	How do I personal message on Quora?
Is there any video lectures are available for 11th science Gujarat board English medium or any DVD products for the same?	Are there any video lectures available for the 11th Science Gujarat Board English Medium or any DVD products for the same?
Have ever been in a long term interracial/intercultural relationship? What are some of the problems you've faced?	Have you ever been in an interracial relationship? What were some of the challenges that you faced?
Why do I always feel sleepy?	Why do I feel sleepy everyday?
Why did Apple remove the backlit logo in newest MacBooks?	Why did Apple ditch the glowing Apple logo in the new MacBook?
Is it easy to find a real friends on a social networking websites?	Is it easy to find real friends on a social networking website?
Why do my dogs love to eat tuna fish?	Why do my dogs love eating tuna fish?
What are the best hacks to get free food?	What are some hacks you've used to get free food?
How will abolishing rs.500 and rs.1000 notes reduce corruption and identifying black money?	Will banning Rs.500 and Rs.1000 notes help to solve black money and corruption?
Why do I feel like I'm a better person than most?	Cognitive Psychology: Why do I feel like I'm on a different level than everyone else?
How helpful is doing digital marketing course?	Will digital marketing a good course to learn?
Pp0pp PPP pppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppp pop p?	Pp0pp PPP pppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppp?
How do I can improve my problem-solving skills?	What are the best way to improve problem solving skills?
Are science and religion incompatible?	Are science and religion compatible?
Who will win in the UP election?	Who will win UP elections 2017 and how?
What are the consequences of smoking 1 cigarette a day?	How much is the effect of smoking 1 cigarette a day?
How do I do prospecting in network marketing?	How do I invite a prospect in network marketing?
How may times does it take to go around the world once?	How many times does it take to go around the world the world once?
What are the best books for class 11 mathematics?	Which is the best book for maths class 11?
How can you calculate tensile stress?	What is tensile stress? How can you calculate it?
What would have solved the Kashmir issue?	What is the possible solution for Kashmir issue?
What are the career options available for an electrical engineering graduate?	What career options are available to students studeing Electronics and Instrumentation Engineering?
What are some of the the best lines from MS Dhoni: The Untold Story?	What are the best dialogues of the movie MS Dhoni: The Untold Story?
What's worse for our health: smoking shisha or vaping?	What's worse smoking cigarettes or vaping?
Who is the richest country in the world?	What are the richest countries?
Where can I meet British women in Ontario?	Where can the British community be found in Ontario?
How shall I prepare to score more than 99 percentile in CAT 2016?	How can I get 99 percentile and above in CAT 2016?
What are some job opportunities in the USA after an MS in mechanical?	What job opportunities are there after an MS (mechanical) in the USA by an average university?
Who is the mother of Cristiano Ronaldo's child?	Are there any leads on who Cristiano Ronaldo Jr's biological mother is?
How can I learn C#?	How can I learn to program in C#?
How I can improve my English communication?	How can I learn English well？?
Which is your favorite bollywood movie in 2016?	Which is the best Bollywood movie of 2016?
How do I increase body height?	What are the ways to gain height?
How can I increase traffic very soon on my blog?	What are the best way to increase website traffic organically?
How is space and time connected?	How are space and time connected?
How many songs can a 16GB iPhone hold (approximately)?	How many songs does a 16GB iPhone hold?
Where can I find angel investors for an invention?	Who are angel investors?
How can I have long and heavy hair?	What should I do to have a heavy and long hair?
Why is there something like a cloud when a plane breaks a sound barrier?	What causes the vapor cone when aircraft breaks the sound barrier?
Is flipping domain names still a good business nowadays?	Is bying and selling the domain names a good business?
Who is the most corrupt politician in India and why?	Who is the most corrupt politician in India?
Does George Will have any basis for saying that Trump won't release his tax returns because they'll show ties to Russian oligarchs?	Is George Will correct that Trump's refusal to release his tax returns is a result of ties to Russian oligarchs? Is there any basis for Will’s claim?
What is your opinion on the discontinuation of 500 and 1000 rupee notes?	What do you think about ban on Rs. 500 and Rs. 1000 currency notes?
What is the best book to read to learn Java?	What is the best Java book for beginners?
What are the safety precautions on handling shotguns proposed by the NRA in Utah?	What are the safety precautions on handling shotguns proposed by the NRA in Idaho?
What are the best arguments against suicide for a person that feels there is no hope?	What are the arguments against suicide?
What are the security features in new currency notes?	What are some new security features introduced in the new ₹2000 and ₹500 bills issued by RBI?
What is your name meaning?	Does your name have a meaning? What is it?
Will I lose weight if I drink only water for 12 weeks?	Does only drinking water for a whole day lose weight?
How can I see who views my Instagram video?	How can I see who viewed my Instagram videos?
Can we earn money through Quora?	Are there any ways to make money through Quora?
How can you determine if apple cider vinegar has gone bad?	How long can you keep apple cider vinegar? Will it eventually go bad?
How do I become a mentally tough person?	How do I become mentally tough?
What are some of the real life applications of discount?	What are the real life applications of discount?
How can I become a Cyber Security Specialist?	What should a high schooler do to become a cyber security specialist?
Why does Quora always mark my questions as needing improvement?	Why does my question keep getting marked as needing improvement?
How would I ever decorate my bedroom?	How would I ever decorate a bedroom?
What was the most embarrassing moment in your childhood?	What is the most embarrassing thing you did as a kid?
How do I prepare for AFCAT exam?	How can I prepare for AFCAT?
What is the best remedy for erectile dysfunction?	What are some proven solutions for erectile dysfunction?
What have you learned from your father?	What is the most important thing you learned from your father?
Which were the best animation films of 2016?	What are the best animated films of 2016?
How many dimensions are there?	How many dimensions are there in our universe?
What are some good but fresh web design blogs?	What are the best web design blogs to follow?
How can I start making money from blogging?	How do I make money from blog?
What happens if we die?	What happens after the death?
What are the career options after 12 in PCB?	What are the high paying options after class 12 PCB?
What is the basic difference between gene and allele?	What is the difference between a gene and an allele?
What is the most badass thing anyone has ever done?	What are some of the most badass things historical figures have done?
How do I get rid of depression?	How can I get rid of my depression?
Who are the prime minister of India?	Who is the Prime Minister of India?
Is eating Caesar salad healthy?	How healthy is a Caesar salad diet for me?
What is the worst thing that ever happened to you for being nice?	What is the WORST thing that ever happened to you for doing something good or nice?
What are the areas in which the Narendra Modi government has failed?	What are the areas where the Modi government failed to perform?
Why do I always feel sleepy in college lectures?	Why do I feel sleepy when I am listening to a lecture?
What do an international student need to get a scholarship for MIT?	What are some ways to obtain a scholarship from MIT?
How do I download TV shows with subtitles?	How we can download Tv Shows?
Why has Ernest W. Adams disabled comments on his answers?	Why does Ernest W Adams disable comments?
How do I get started in the cyber security industry?	How can I get started to learn information security?
Can a person be both an atheist and an agnostic at the same time?	How can someone be an agnostic and an atheist at the same time?
What is the biggest scam in the history of humanity?	What is the biggest scam in history?
Would it be relatively safe to travel to Istanbul in the next few weeks?	Is it safe ti travel to istanbul?
What is the most efficient way to get an honorary doctorate from a legitimate institution?	What is the best way to get a Honorary Doctorate?
What is the best way to flirt with girls?	How a boy flirt with girls?
What are some imperfections in the human body?	What are the imperfections in the human body?
What is food coloring?	What is the food coloring?
How do I check who viewing your Facebook profile?	Is it possible to know who visited my Facebook profile?
Has anyone had experience with the computer science master's program at the University of Illinois Springfield?	How is the online masters in computer science program at University of Illinois springfield?
How can I earn money in YouTube?	How can you make money on YouTube?
How do I see who viewed my instagram videos?	On Instagram can you now see how many times someone has watched your video?
What does our brain do when we think?	What is happening in your brain when you think?
Why don't girls reply on OKCupid?	Why don't people message me back on OkCupid?
How long to cook a 14 pound turkey?	How long and at what temperature should I cook a 14.5 pound turkey?
Is time travel possible through cosmic strings?	Could time travel be possible?
What is the toughest question asked in an interview but needed presence of mind to answer it.?	What are the best interview questions that required presence of mind to answer or which are the best interview you came across?
Why do the people of West Bengal elect Mamta when they know the truth about her?	Why do people of West Bengal vote for Mamta Banerjee as their CM in the general elections?
What evidence suggests there is life after death?	Is there any tangible evidence for life after death?
What were the main causes of World War 1 and what were the consequences for the countries involved?	What was the main cause that ended World War One?
In which instances has a team won the test match even after not getting all the 20 wickets?	How many times has it happened in the history of test cricket that a team has won without taking all the 20 opposition wickets?
Where can I learn UX/UI?	What is the best way to learn UI/UX?
How many days will it take to learn JavaScript starting from scratch?	How many days do I need to learn JavaScript Programming Language?
How can I earn money in YouTube?	How can I earn money from YouTube?
How do I help my girlfriend to overcome depression?	How do I help my girlfriend through depression?
How is it to be in the idf?	What's it like in the IDF?
How can we know if we have mental disorders?	How would I know if I have mental disorder?
What are some good old songs?	What are some of the best old songs?
Why does an electron move around the nucleus?	How does an electron move around the nucleus?
Who are the best packers in Bengaluru?	Who are the best packers and movers in Bangalore?
Are some people incapable of love?	Are some people incapable to love?
How do I score high in the reading section on PTE Academic?	How can I improve my score in PTE Academic reading communicative skill in a week?
What can I do if my "lock" button broke on my iPhone?	How do you fix the lock button on an iPhone?
What are the best ways to overcome my social anxiety?	How can I overcome social anxiety?
How does the ban on 500 and 1000 rupee notes helps to identify black money and corruption?	How can Modi government prevent black money by discontinuing 500 and 1000 notes?
Why are there so many dumb questions asked on Quora?	Why are there so many pointless questions on Quora?
Why does quora mark my questions as needing improvement?	My questions on Quora all need improving. How do you ask a question on Quora?
Who is the best Pest control service provider in Sydney? Who can help me to clean cockroaches?	Who provide best pest control service in Sydney?
What is best book for bank exams?	Which is the best book to prepare for banking exams?
How do l turn my life around as a teenager?	How do I turn my life around as a teenager?
Why does the caste system still exist in India?	Why caste system still survive in India?
Do you like to smell your own fart?	Why do people like the smell of their own farts?
What is the process in a solar cell in generating electricity?	How do solar cells generate electricity?
Is time travel to 2010 possible?	What is the possibility of time travel becoming a reality?
What is the salary of prime minister of India?	What is salary of prime minister of India?
How does it feel being raped?	Have you been raped?
I work as a therapeutic support staff for a diagnosed autistic spectrum 3 yr old. How do I help him in classroom?	I work as a therapeutic support staff for an autistic spectrum 3 yr old. How do I help him in classroom?
How do I contact a real hacker?	How will I contact a good hacker?
Should I buy laptop online or from a store in nearby market?	From where is it good to buy laptops from store or online?
How do you make pancakes from scratch without milk?	What's a recipe to make pancakes without milk?
Is hypnotism real?	Does hypnotism really exist?
What is the surgical strike?	What is a surgical strike? which are the famous surgical strikes in past?
Can the Internet be free of cost one day?	Will Internet be free one day?
Where could I find fashion accessories?	Is there an easy way to find fashion accessories?
What's your 2017 new year resolution?	What are your 2017 New Year’s resolution(s)?
I like him and he too likes me what to do?	What do I do if I like someone and he likes me too?
Why does having your period hurt?	Does having your period hurt?
How can I repair a corrupt file?	How can I repair a corrupted file?
How do you log in to Facebook if you forgot your password?	I forgot my Facebook password and email password. How can I log into Facebook?
Are there any nice English names for female?	What are some nice English names for a female?
How would we know if we are living in a computer simulation or video game?	In what ways could we definitively determine whether we're living in a computer simulation or not?
Who do you think will win Trump or Clinton?	Who will win the Election? Trump or Clinton?
How can I choose the ads in AdSense?	How do I get a ads in AdSense?
What are some mind-blowing technologies tools that exist that most people don't know about?	What are some mind blowing gadgets that exist that most people don't know about?
What are any real life instances where karma played it's role?	What is karma? What are some real life examples?
Should new actors start in commercials then focus on film/TV?	Should new actors start in commercials to build up their credits then focus on film/TV after?
What are some of the most upvoted answers you came across on Quora?	Which is the most up voted answer in Quora?
Is there a positive side to the future president Donald Trump?	What positive change would a Donald Trump presidency bring?
How can you lose weight really quick?	How can I lose max weight in 14 days?
What are the different types of farm tools and equipment and what are their uses?	What are some different farm tools and equipment? How are they used?
How many IT companies are there in India?	How many IT companies are in India?
How does one become a male model?	How can I be a male model?
What are the top 10 books one should read in his or her early 20s?	List 20 must read books to be read in your early 20s?
How to prepare for CA Final exams?	How one should know that he/she completely prepare for CA final exam?
Why do the 30 day months go quicker than the 31 day months?	Why do the 30 days months go quicker than the 31 day months?
Will we get more and more dark energy and vacuum energy as universe expands? Will this happen forever?	Is at least the potential energy of vacuum energy and dark energy infinite?
Where are the 12 tribes of Israel?	Where are the tribes of Israel today?
How can I earn money without doing anything?	What are some easy ways to earn money Without doing any hard work?
What is the best color?	What's the best color?
How and when were tampons invented?	When were tampons invented?
How can you build a strong brand for your business?	What are good ways to build a strong Brand?
What led to Cyrus Mistry ouster from TATA GROUP?	What is the reason behind firing of Cyrus Mistry from TATA group?
Do ferrets make good pets?	Do ferrets make good pets? How much attention to they demand? What sort of toys to they like to play with?
Daniel Ek: When is Spotify coming to india?	Is Spotify not available in India?
What the best way to improve English?	What is the best way or resources to learn english like a native speakers?
What are some good ways to drive traffic to my blog?	What are the most effective ways to promote a blog?
Can you get high by accidentally ingesting a few tiny specks of weed?	Can you get high from eating weed? Why or why not?
What is the basic meaning of Quora?	What is meant by Quora?
What are the best universities in Dubai?	Which are the best universities in Dubai?
Who will win between a war between USA and Russia with both parties using conventional weapons?	Who will win if there is non nuclear war between Russia and America?
What creative and new activities can be made in fun day event in medical school?	What are creative and new activities can be made in fun day event in medical school?
Why is Saltwater taffy candy imported in Laos?	Why is Saltwater taffy candy imported in Czech Republic?
What is the best digital marketing course online for a beginner?	Will digital marketing a good course to learn?
How is Donald Trump a better choice than Hillary Clinton?	Why is Clinton better than Trump?
How is the formula for height calculated in physics?	What is the formula to calculate height in physics?
What is Open source technology?	What is open source technologies?
What's the best investment?	What is best option to investment?
What is the income tax rate in India?	What is the income tax in India?
Is there any proof or evidence of alien / extraterrestrial life existence?	Is there any concrete irrefutable proof for the existence of alien life which the government is trying to hide?
How do I choose a topic for my blog?	What topics should I choose for my blog?
Will people without college have jobs in the future?	Will there be jobs for people without college in the future?
Do I need a medical test for the visa interview to the US?	Do I need a midical test for visa interview to US?
How I can improve my English communication?	How do I speak English like celebrities?
If I cancel the waiting tatkal ticket will I get refund?	If I booked tatkal tickets then can I cancel this and will I get refund?
Can someone help me to improve my english?	Who can help me improve my English?
How do I get over job interview rejections?	How do I get over interview rejection?
What is the full form of HR in compny?	What is full form of HR?
What is the function of the hard disc drive in a computer? How does it work?	What is a hard disk? What function does it have in a computer?
What do you mean by globalization?	What is the meaning of globalization?
Can 2 level 6 lightning spell and 1 level 2 earthquake spell destroy 2 air defenses with a air sweeper placed between them?	Can 2 level 6 lightning spell and 1 level 2 earthquake spell destroy 2 air defenses with a air sweeper placed between them in one straight line?
I love feet but why does giving foot massages make me nervous?	Why does giving foot massages make me nervous?
What is the Expected cutoff for KVPY SA stream 2016?	What is the expected KVPY 2016 SA cut off?
Who would play you in a movie of your life?	What actor/actress would you cast to play you in a movie about your life?
How do you make your girlfriend feel special?	What are some ways to make my girlfriend feel special?
What are ways to start a conversation?	How do you start a conversation?
What are good workouts to lose belly fat?	What's the quickest way to get rid of belly fat?
What are the most prominent theories of what caused the Big Bang?	What caused the big bang and has there been more than one bang?
What are the values of highly successful people?	What values do successful people have?
How do I add a restaurant to Google Maps?	How can I add a place/restaurant to Google Maps?
I hate my life. What should I do?	What should you do if you hate your life?
Does the height increase after the age of 20 in boys?	What measures can be taken to increase the height at the age of 18 of a boy?
How does Apple maintain high profit margins on all their products?	Why does Apple make so much profit on all of their products?
Where can I found best quality floor tile collections in Sydney?	Where can I get a huge choice of high quality wall and floor tiles in Sydney?
What are the best universities for MS in Data Science?	What universities offer a Masters in data science or analytics?
How is black money curbed with the ban of 1000 rupee notes and introducing new 500 and 2000 rupee notes?	How can scrapping use of 500 and 1000 rupee currency notes in India solve problem of corruption?
What exactly is the most important thing in life?	What are the most important things in life? And why?
What advice would you give a 17 year old girl?	What advice would you give to a newly turned 17-year-old girl?
How is Trump going to make America great again?	Will Donald Trump really make America great again?
Can people actively control their emotions?	How do I control emotions..Like Heart Breaking emotions?
What's the syllabus for SSC?	What is the syllabus of SSC exam?
What are the best qualities for a web designer?	What are the best qualities should a web designer have?
Is gelato dairy-free?	Why is Gelato dairy free?
What is motive of Mulayam Singh Yadav behind expelling Akhilesh Yadav from Samajwadi party?	Why did Mulayam Singh Yadav expel Akhilesh Yadav from Samajwadi Party? What do you think about it?
What is a way to make money online?	Can I make money online?
What is Dr. Seuss' "Green Eggs and Ham" really about?	What is a summary of "Green Eggs and Ham" by Dr. Seuss?
Why is it that every time I ask a question in Quora it tells me that your question needs improvement?	All my questions on Quora need improvement. What is the best way to ask a question on Quora?
How do I change my profile pic on Quora?	How do you add a profile picture on Quora?
What do you wish you had known when you were 18 years old?	What do you wish you had known and done when you were 18 years old?
Are there any differences between normal cells and cancer cells when it comes to their chemical components?	What is the chemical difference between cancer cells and normal cells?
Are pit bulls actually more dangerous than other dogs?	Why are pit bulls considered dangerous by many people?
What are the best universities for doing MS in Structural Engineering?	What is the best college for structural engineering?
How do I get that peace of mind?	What is the way to get peace of mind?
What are the seven colours of the rainbow?	What is the order of the colors of the rainbow?
Why men cheat?	Why do many men cheat?
Which is the best free stock photo website?	What's the best free photo website?
How do I prevent getting chicken pox?	How can one prevent chicken pox?
What is the difference between meditation and thinking with your eyes closed?	What is the difference between thinking and meditating?
What is the last thing you would like to do before you die?	What are the things you want to do before you die?
How can diplomatic immunity be waived?	How can diplomatic immunity be repealed?
Which TV series are worth watching?	What are the top 10 best TV series of all time?
What I can do for corruption free India?	How will be corruption free India?
What should I do to get selected in GSOC 2018?	How should I prepare to get selected for Google summer of code.?
What's your new year resolution for 2017?	What Is your New year resolutions in 2017?
What are the home remedies for migraine?	What are some home remedies for migraines?
Does long distance relationship works?	What does it take for a successful long distance relationship?
Who is the third French president?	Who are third french president of the fifth republic?
What will happen if India crosses the 2 billion population mark?	What if India's Population reaches 2 Billion?
What are some effective ways to stop social anxiety?	What are the best ways for dealing with social anxiety?
What are things that make Indians sad?	India: What are things that make Indians sad? And what are you doing about it?
Do eyebrows grow back after being shaved?	Will my eyebrows grow back after I’ve shaved them?
What are some of the best erotic movies?	What are some of the best erotic movies (any language)?
How do I learn to love studying?	How can I love studies?
What are the most profitable online businesses?	What are the most profitable online business ideas?
What are the works of general contractor?	What are the work of a general contractor?
How do I learn how to implement algorithms and data structures in C++?	Are there good websites where you can find short and efficient implementation for algorithms and data structures in C++?
How can I not be alone and not shy?	How can I not be alone and shy anymore?
Why aren't most people in the world rich?	Why are most people not rich?
Do you eat breakfast? Why or why not?	Do you eat breakfast?
How does chlorophyll helps plants?	What does chlorophyll do?
How can I remove burn scars?	How can I fade a burn scar?
Why do barn owls screech at night?	Why does a barn owl screech at night?
What makes iPhone better than Android phones?	Which phone is better iPhone or android?
What's your favorite song now?	What's your favorite song and why?
Which is the best movie you have ever seen?	Which are the 5 best movies you have ever seen?
How does the ban on 500 and 1000 rupee notes helps to identify black money and corruption?	Will banning 500 and 1000 notes can stop the black money?
How do the brain structures of dogs change as they age? How are these structural changes different from human brains?	How do the brain structures of crows change as they age? How are these structural changes different from human brains?
What is the most embarrassing thing you have done in front of a person you like?	What is the most embarrassing thing you did in front of you crush?
Will Brexit happen or not?	Why will Brexit Happen?
What is that one thing you will do when you become a millionaire?	What is the one thing you will never do when you become a millionaire?
How do glands produce sweat?	Which glands produce sweat? How do they produce sweat?
Is it rude to ask more questions on Quora than you answer?	Am I a bad Quora user if I ask many questions and provide no answers?
How accurate is the television show Madame Secratary on CBS?	Is the show Madam Secratary on CBS accurate?
How can flu like symptoms be a sign of pregnancy?	Are flu-like symptoms a sign of pregnancy?
What is the meaning of the phrase - 'majboori ka naam mahatma gandhi'?	Why is majboori ka naam 'Mahatma Gandhi'?
How does YouTube calculate its views?	How does YouTube count views?
How can I increase a website traffic?	How do I increase traffic on my site?
Why is the death penalty so expensive to administer?	What makes the death penalty so expensive for the tax payers?
Which is the most useful article spinner?	Which is the best article spinner?
How do I hack any security wifi password?	How do I hack a WiFi network?
Which is the best Android smartphone below 20K?	Which is the best Android smartphones under 20k?
What is that one thing you regret the most and would like to change in the past?	If you could change one thing about the past what would it be? Why?
How do I reduce belly and chest fat?	How do I reduce my thighs?
In what ways can I grow taller?	What are the ways to gain height?
What will be the impact after Modi's decision of banning ₹500 and ₹1000?	What will be the impact of the banning ₹1000 and ₹500 in India?
How is popcorn made?	How are Popcorners made?
Why do some people call Mustafa Kemal Ataturk dictator?	Was mustafa kemal a dictator?
How do you figure out your Facebook password?	How do I find out someone's Facebook password?
What is meiosis and where does it occur?	Where does meiosis occur?
What was the sweetest thing you have ever heard or experienced?	What is the sweetest thing that someone has ever said to you?
How can I use Jio SIM in Lumia 535?	Can I use Jio in Lumia 535?
What is the difference between expert system and artificial intelligence?	What is the difference between an expert system and artificial intelligence?
Do I need to quit gaming to have better grades at high school?	Should I stop gaming to get better grades in high school?
Why should I answer in Quora?	What is the point of answering questions on Quora?
What's the pleasure a guy gets when he inserts his penis into a girl's vagina?	How does it feel for a guy when he inserts his genitals in vagina?
How many ways are there to pronounce Quora?	How do you pronounce "Quora"?
What are the visiting places in coorg?	What are some must see places in coorg?
How is the life of women IAS officer?	What is the life of a female IAS officer?
What skills would you say a content strategist needs to be successful?	What skills and inclinations do you need to be successful as a content strategist ?
Why is a dog year equal to 7 human years and what are the reasons behind this?	Is it true that 1 year for a human is equal to 7 years of a dog?
Which question should I ask on Quora?	What's the best question to ask in Quora?
What will happen to Chinese students studying abroad in America now that Trump is president?	How would it affect Indian students studying/working in the US if Trump becomes the President?
What do Israelis think of India's Chabahar port project with Iran?	What does Israel think of India's plan to develop Chabahar port in Iran for trade benefits?
Why is truth stranger than fiction?	Is truth stranger than fiction?
Which is best masters degree after completing B.E in civil engineering?	What are the specializations In masters that can be done after bachelor degree in civil engineering?
How many calories should you burn in a day?	How many calories do we burn a day?
What are some reasons why an iPhone 4 won't turn on?	What are some reasons an iPhone might not turn on?
What are some facts about Viswanathan Anand?	What are the interesting facts about Viswanathan Anand?
Does luck matters a lot in day to day life?	Does luck matters a lot in our day to day life?
What should I ask as my first question on Quora?	What should I ask as a first question on Quora?
Will banning Rs.500 and Rs.1000 notes help to solve black money and corruption?	How will issuing of new 2000 Rs notes help curb black money and corruption?
Who are some of your favorite Quorans?	Who's your favorite Quoran and why?
What should I wear with my grey suit?	What do I wear with my grey suit?
Why should business logic not be in the database?	Why is business logic in a database bad?
What are some ways to stop caring about other peoples' success?	How do I not get bothered by other people's success?
How do I prepare for neet 2017 in 4 months?	How can I prepare for NEET 2017 in 4 months?
What the meaning of this all life?	What is the exact meaning of life?
Is it necessary to do digital marketing course?	Is it necessary to attain a digital marketing courses?
Can Japan sue USA for genocide in Hiroshima and Nagasaki?	Could Japan sue USA for Hiroshima and Nagasaki?
How can I access my Gmail account if I don't remember any of the recovery account information or have my old phone number?	How can I reset my Gmail password if I don't remember my recovery Email and current password?
Why does the rhizobium bacteria appear only in the leguminous plants and not in other plants?	Why does the Rhizobium bacteria appear only on leguminous plants and not on other plants?
What should I do if I am peeing blood?	Why am I peeing blood with no other symptoms at all?
Would demonetization of 500 and 1000 rupee notes actually help in curbing black money in India?	How will the India demonetization of 500 and 1000 rupees notes will reduce black money?
How do you stay organized?	What should I do to be organized?
How do we study smartly?	How do I study smartly?
What are the expected best upcoming Hollywood movies in 2017?	What are the most eagerly awaited Hollywood movies of 2017?
What products should I use to get rid of acne quickly?	How do I get rid of scalp acne?
How do i lose weight?	What would be a realistic plan to lose weight?
How and why did trump win?	Why did Trump win the election?
How difficult is the selection procedure of continental automotives for an ECE fresher?	How difficult is the selection procedure of continental automotives for a ECE fresher?
What is the most probable cutoff of KVPY SA 2016?	What is the KVPY SA expected cut off for 2016?
What are some of the best online high schools?	What are good online high schools and how do they work?
What time do you go to sleep every night and what time do you wake up?	What time do you go to sleep and what time do you wake up and why?
How is the speed of light calculated?	If speed of light is the fastest then how it is measured?
Who are the youngest billionaires in the world?	Who are the youngest self made billionaires in the 21st century?
Will we ever rid the world of terrorism?	Will terrorism in the world ever stop?
Is it possibly to transfer human consciousness onto a computer?	Will human consciousness ever be transferable to a computer?
How do you improve your tennis game?	How can I be a better tennis player?
What do you think will be the effect of Modi Government's decision of invalidating the RS 500 and RS 1000 notes?	Is Modi's decision on demonetization of 500 and 1000 notes welcomed by public?
What will be the effect of banning 500 and 1000 Rs notes on real estate sector in India? Can we expect sharp fall in prices in short/long term?	How will abolishing Rs. 500 and Rs. 1000 notes affect the real estate businesses in India?
What will be the effect of banning 500 and 1000 Rs notes on real estate sector in India? Can we expect sharp fall in prices in short/long term?	What will be impact of 500 / 1000 notes ban on real estate?
What is a mora?	What is mora?
Do other animals cry?	Why don't animals cry?
What would be your New Year resolutions for 2017?	What is your New Year Resolution for 2017?
What is difference between multitasking and multiprocessing?	What is the differance between multitasking and multiprocessing?
What do people ask most about surfing?	What do people want to know most about surfing?
Why was Germany alone not able to bring tfhe jews to justice?	Why could Germany alone never bring the jews to justice?
What's meant by resistor?	What is resistor?
Which is the best place to stay in Bangalore?	What are the best places to stay in Bangalore?
Why is the FBI investigating Hillary Clinton again?	Why has the FBI reopened the investigation into Hillary Clinton's emails?
What is a low cost book for learning python for absolute beginners?	What is the recommended book to learn python for beginner?
Which is the most erotic movie you have ever watched?	What is the most erotic movie?
If I unfriend someone on Snapchat can I still see saved messages that we saved?	If someone unfriends me on Snapchat will they still be able to see messages that they saved?
Should hamsters eat popcorn?	Can hamsters eat grapes?
What are the best ways to get rid of boredom?	What is the best thing to do to get rid of boredom?
What is funniest joke you've ever heard?	What is the best joke you've ever hear?
What is the impact of Brexit on Indian economy?	The impact of brexit on Indian economy?
Why iron is chosen as the material for the core of the transformer? Why do not we use Aluminum?	Why is iron chosen as the material for the core of the transformer? Why don't we use aluminium?
What will be Hillary Clinton foreign policy with respect to India once she becomes president?	What will be Hillary Clinton's India policy if she is elected as the President?
How can I reset a motherboard's bios password?	What should I do if I forgot bios password?
Does the president have to pay for any utility bills for the White House?	Does the POTUS pay the water and electricity of the White House?
What are the best wineries in Napa Valley?	What are some of the best wineries to visit in Napa?
Do you how do you get meth out of your system?	How can I get meth out of my system in two days?
Who do you think will win the 2016 Presidential Election?	Who do you think will win the U.S. election in November?
How do I recover my Gmail account when it does not open after password reset?	How do I recover my Gmail password?
What is and isn't a point charge?	What is Point charge?
Is life after death possible?	What evidence supports life after death?
What are some good books or references to get started with machine learning?	what steps should I follow to learn machine learning?
How do I get rid of my acne and get nice skin?	How do I get rid of face pimples?
What would happen if Barack Obama became the prime minister of India?	What if Mr. Barack obama was the prime minister of India?
What is the best way to reduce weight?	How do I reduce body weight?
What are some good Indian stock market apps?	What are the best stock market app?
Where can I get quality assistance in Sydney for any property transaction?	Where can I get very friendly assistance in property for sale across the Sydney?
What is the political effect of brexit?	What would be the political effects of brexit?
How do you make your facial hair grow faster?	How does one grow facial hair?
What's your new year resolution for 2017?	What are some of your New Year's resolutions for 2017?
What were the goals of the Federalists?	What were some of the Federalist ideas?
What is the best Bollywood movie in this year 2016?	Which is your favorite bollywood movie in 2016?
How can I be top in studies?	What should I do to concentrate on studies to top in class?
Can a person be in love with two persons at a same time?	Is it possible for a man to love two women sincerely?
How reliable are MV Augusta bikes?	Are MV Augusta bikes reliable?
What are some effective methods to grow taller after 20?	How do I grow taller in a hurry?
How does cum taste?	What does cum taste like?
what are some Fastest way to make money?	What are fast ways to make money?
Are a Scorpio man and a Gemini woman compatible?	What is the compatibility of a Scorpio man and a Gemini woman?
Do you feel Apple is not innovating any more?	Why is Apple not innovating any more?
Where is the Best place to stay in Goa?	What are some of the best budget hotels to stay in Goa?
Why should one convert to Reform Judaism?	Should I convert to Reform Judaism?
What are some lesser known facts about ants?	What are the unknown facts about ants?
Can you still get pregnant one day before menstruation?	Is it possible to get pregnant before period or after period ends?
Which is the best country to migrate?	What are the best countries for immigrants?
What are some examples of personification?	What are examples of personification of life?
Where can I find an open source project to improve my skills?	How can I learn and improve my skills by open source projects?
How do I start my own country?	How does someone start their own country?
How do I ask questions on Quora?	How we can post in Quora?
How do I make money from nothing?	How do I make money by doing nothing?
What are the best free books on Amazon Kindle?	What are the free books available in Amazon Kindle?
How do I get all the list registered to your gmail account?	How can I get a list of my Gmail addresses?
Which is the best website for free bollywood music download?	Which is the best free website to download bollywood songs?
Do you believe in free will?	How can we be sure that we have free will?
Which degree is best before MBA?	Which is the best MBA?
How do I build muscle?	What is the best way to build muscle?
Is Virat Kohli the next Sachin tendulkar?	Is Virat Kohli the new Sachin Tendulkar?
What is your experience by chanting Gayatri mantra?	What are your experiences with chanting the Gayatri Mantra?
Can I get visa without GRE score?	Can I get visa with low GRE score?
How do I quit smoking? How?	How can I stop smoking?
What is a good stress buster?	What are some good stress busters?
Can a woman see her period when she is pregnant?	Can a woman go into her periods normally when she's pregnant?
Did US and Japan secretly supported North Korea in order to get an excese to deploy anti missile system?	Did US and Japan supported North Korea secretly in order to get an excese to deploy anti missile system?
Are our lives getting more complicated as technology advances?	Do all these technological advancements make our lives simpler or do they make it more complicated?
What existed before the universe?	What existed before the beginning of the time?
How much money do Indian youtubers make?	How much money do Indian Youtuber's make?
Does skipping increase height?	How should I increase my height?
Why am I unable to comment on other's answers?	Why can't I comment on certain answers?
How do I catch a Romance scammer?	How do I track a romance scammer?
What are the best places to visit on a 3-day trip in and around Kerala?	What are some good beaches to visit in Kerala?
What is the most accurate way to measure IQ?	What's the most accurate way to test my IQ?
What is the differences between being in love with someone or loving someone?	What's the difference between "loving" someone and being "in love"?
What is binary codes?	What is binary code?
How to get admissions in MIT?	What should I do to join mit?
How do I build traffic to my website?	How can I increase the traffic on my website?
Why do people want to be successful?	Why do some people want to be successful?
How do I stop male hair loss?	What should I do for my excessive hair loss?
Why are food so expensive in the airports? Are they just playing monopoly or the rents there are very expensive?	Why is airport food so expensive?
How much does it cost to register a startup as private limited in India?	How much does it cost for registering a private limited in India?
What does continuum mean?	What does "continuum" mean?
What are some adaptations of blue whales?	What are the adaptations of a blue whale?
How do you find meaning in what you do with your life?	What do you think about finding meaning in life?
How do I learn not to care about what people think of me?	How can one stop caring about what people say or think about them?
How can we improve the power factor?	How do I improve power factor in my house?
What do I have to do to become an air traffic controller?	How does one become an air traffic controller?
Who would win a fight? Bruce Lee or one of today's top MMA fighters? And why?	Would Bruce Lee at his peak be able to contend with today's top MMA fighters?
What position should I play in soccer?	What position should I play in soccer (football)?
What are your all-time top 5 favourite albums?	What are your top 5 albums of all time?
Why is Manaphy Depressed in the movie?	Why is Manaphy nervous in the movie?
What are the worst movie performances by your favorite actors or actresses?	What is the worst movie by your favorite actor?
How can I understand machine learning?	How do I start learning machine learning?
How can you delete your Yahoo mail account?	What are some ways to delete my Yahoo Mail account permanently?
What are the characteristics of Greek people?	What are some Greek personality traits?
What are India's chances in Rio olympics?	What do you think about India's chances at Rio Olympics 2016?
What happened at the first second of the beginning of the universe? The first moment of big bang?	What happened in the first second of the big bang?
Why does it appear Women are more likely to be bisexual or engage in bisexual sex than men especially over the last 20 years?	Are there more bisexual women or men?
How can I get Refund for my mobile on Amazon.in?	How can i get a refund on returning mobile on amazon.in?
What are indians still doing wrong?	What are the things that we as Indians are collectively doing wrong?
Is United Nations corrupt?	In what ways is United Nations a corrupt organization?
How do I start final year project?	How do I apply for doing 8th sem final year project in IISC?
What is the difference between past tense and past perfect tense?	What the difference between simple past and past perfect tense?
Are both type 1 and type 2 diabetes patients at the risk of death?	What is major difference between type 1 and type 2 diabetes?
How did Trump win America's vote?	How did Donald Trump win the election?
Which operating system do Google engineers use?	What operating system do programmers and developers at Google use?
Why do companies register in Delaware?	Why do companies choose to incorporate in Delaware?
Why is there so much nudity in the Game of Thrones TV Series?	Why is there so much nudity in Game of Thrones?
How can I play a 4k video on my pc?	How do I play 4k videos on PC?
What are your top 3 favorite songs?	What are your top 3 favorite songs? Why?
How do I stop myself from thinking about death all the time?	How do you stop thinking about death all the time and its inevitability?
What does a product marketing manager at Apple do?	What is it like to be a product marketing manager at Apple?
Which is the best quickbooks auto data recovery support number?	What is the best QuickBooks support number in Arkansas?
Is the United States in a dynastic decline?	Is the United States on the decline?
Where can I get knowledgeable assistance for transfer of property in Sydney?	Where can I get quality support to make a successful property transaction process in Sydney?
How do I get my dad to stop drinking?	How do I stop my dad from drinking?
What is the concept of "white guilt"?	What is "white guilt"?
How should I plan for marriage stuff before 1 year?	How do I plan for my marriage stuff 1 year before?
What can I do to clean out my system from meth?	How can I get meth out of my system ASAP?
What made November the no shave month?	Why is no shave november celebrated?
Which are the good websites to get information about government job application forms and dates of exams?	Where can I get complete information about the upcoming government exams?
Which programming language is the best nowadays?	What is the best programming language to learn(in your opinion)?
How much coffee should one drink per day?	Is coffee healthy? How much should one drink a day (it seems as if information regarding the health benefits of coffee change a lot over time)?
What's the blowjob?	What is blowjob?
What are some of the best jokes?	What are some of the best jokes ever told?
How do they know where to put deer crossing signs? Are they accurate?	How do a deer know where to cross the road?
What are good habits to get into?	What are some habits that are good to get into?
What are some banks that offer compound interest?	What banks offer compound interest?
Permanent Member of the UN Security Council. Will India be able to achieve it?	Will India become a permanent member of the UN Security Council?
What is the best game to prepare someone for life?	Mastering which 5 games would prepare you best for life?
How did Donald Trump become president?	Why did Trump win?
What are the best way of loose the weight?	What are the best things to do when working on losing weight?
Why can't India get more medals in Olympics?	Why does India perform so poorly at the Olympics?
Where is the strangest place you've ever masturbated?	Where is the strangest place you've masturbated?
What's your favorite TV show and why?	What is your all time favorite TV series?
Why is family important?	Why is valuing your family important?
Is the PTE or IELTS easy?	Which is easier to clear: IELTS or PTE to get work VISA?
What are the benefits of being on Quora?	What are the benefits of Quora?
What are the factors to look in the company accounts before investing in their shares?	What key information should you look for in a company before investing in its stock for the long term?
Why has the Dakota Access Pipeline protest not received more news coverage?	Why is the news not reporting the protest by Native Americans against the dakota pipeline?
How can I find the real true purpose of my life?	How do I find a basic purpose in my life?
What is the difference between semiotics and semiology?	What is the difference between the Semiotics of Saussure and Peirce?
How can I get meth out of my system in two days?	Does milk flush the meth out of your system?
Why do you use Quora?	Why are people using Quora?
What are top freight forwarders networks?	What is the best freight forwarders network?
Who are your favorite Quorans of all time and why?	Who are your favorite Quorans to follow?
What is the best answer of "why should I hire you"?	What are some of the best reply to the question "Why should we hire you?"?
Why should we celebrate birthdays?	Why we celebrate birthdays?
What are the best ways to improve my English because I'm not good in English?	How can I improve my pronunciation of English words?
Will you marry a non-virgin girl?	Will you marry non virgin girl?
Is there a way to restore deleted Instagram photos?	How do I find out if someone deleted an Instagram photo?
What is the fastest way to lose fat and keep it off?	How can I lose body fat fast?
Why are the media biased against Donald Trump?	Why mainstream media hates Donald Trump?
What are the easy ways to earn money online?	What are the best ways to earn money from home?
What is a good way to start learning Python and Data Visualization?	How should I start learning Python for Data Science?
How should I deal with anxiety?	How can I deal with stress and anxiety?
What is it like to be part of a royal family?	How does it feel to be part of a royal family?
How should I forget my ex boyfriend?	How do I forget my ex after everything we've been through?
I am a 21 year old student in Mumbai. I am a good driver. Is there any means of earning money as a freelancer by driving on weekends?	I am a 21-year-old student in Mumbai. I am a good driver. Is there any means by which I can earn money as a freelancer by driving?
Whats the speed of electricity?	What is the speed of electricity?
Which is the Best Tablet under Rs 5000?	Which is the best tablet under Rs. 5000?
What products should I use to get rid of acne quickly?	How do I get rid of pimples on my face?
What is a good mixer for Southern Comfort?	What are some great mixers for Southern Comfort?
How do I apply for jobs in startups in India?	How do I apply for a job at a startup in India?
What is the best way to find an investor for my eSports startup?	How can I get an investor for my startup?
Is it appropriate to wear a sports bra simply to the gym?	Is a sports bra okay apparel for a gym?
How are flowers important to the environment?	Why are flowers important for out environment?
Why do women tend to make more noise during sex?	Do most people make noise during sex?
How do I get more views on my answers in Quora?	How do I get more views on my answer?
How do I get into Stanford with a poor GPA?	How can I get to Stanford with a poor GPA?
What are some hacks/tricks for a better Quora experience?	What are some Quora tricks?
Why do we feel pain in our ears on airplanes?	Why do my ears always feel clogged when I fly on an airplane?
How do I get fake British birth certificate?	How do I get fake UK birth certificate?
Will India fight a war against Pakistan?	What stops india to declare a war against Pakistan?
Why do my easy-to-understand questions keep getting marked as "needing improvement" on Quora?	Why does my question keep getting marked as needing improvement?
Hi Avast @@@1800_@_251_@_4919@@@ Avast Antivirus Tech Support phone Number?	Instant Talk@^! ^180.0@*2.51@*4.919 #Get Avast Antivirus Tech Support Phone number?
What are the current issues impacting on operations managers?	What are current issues in operations management?
How can I find a person with only their picture?	Can you find someone with a picture?
Where did swearing and cussing originate from?	Where do swear words originate from?
Does nurtigain help gain weight?	Can nutrigain help in gaining weight?
What are the definitions of debit and credit in accountancy?	What is debit and credit?
What's the most difficult language for a native English speaker to learn and why?	What is the hardest language for a native English speaker to learn?
Is there such thing as white privilege?	Does white privilege exist?
How can I specifically improve my English?	How can I improve fluency in English?
What is the last thing you want to do before you die?	What are the things you want to do before you die?
Is India a third world country?	Is India still considered to be a third world country?
How is evidence-based medicine failing and does it differ from conventional medicine?	How does evidence-based medicine differ from conventional medicine?
Did Jesus Christ actually exist?	Did Jesus Christ actually exist or was he a creation of some talented religious writers?
Should people over 92 not be allowed to vote?	Should people over 98 not be allowed to vote?
Why do many distrust Hillary Clinton?	Why do so many people say Hillary Clinton is evil?
How is the pakistan armed forces regarded by other countries?	How are the Pakistani armed forces regarded by other countries?
What are some good topics for a Physics HL IA?	What are some good Physics HL IA topics?
How do humans perceive things in terms of frames per second?	Vision (eyesight): How many frames per second do humans see?
How does sex feel?	How does sex feel to you?
How do I improve at drawing?	How can I improve my drawing skills?
What are the best way to live for 100 years?	I'm in my 20s. What can I do right now to make sure I live beyond 100 years?
Why is China blocking the move at UN to ban Masood Azhar as terrorist?	Why is china favouring Pakistan in blocking India's bid at the UN for a ban on Pakistani terror group Jaish-e -Mohammad chief Masood Azhar?
What are the safety precautions on handling shotguns proposed by the NRA in New Hampshire?	What are the safety precautions on handling shotguns proposed by the NRA in Michigan?
Which cell phone do Mark Zuckerberg use?	What phone does Mark Zuckerberg use?
How can I improve my english language skills? I am basically from gujarati background.	What can I do to improve my English speaking?
What is it like for an Indian to live in Singapore?	What is it like to live in Singapore as an Indian?
What is the best website to learn coding independently?	Which are the best websites to learn computer programming and web programming?
Can humans hibernate?	How can humans hibernate?
Issue of new provinces in pakistan?	Write short notes on issue of new provinces in pakistan?
Is Pokemon go going to ever launch in India ?	Will pokemon go launch in india?
What are some Android app development ideas?	What good app ideas are out there for an android app?
Is there infinite energy in the universe?	Is universe energy infinite?
What is in your opinion best rock band ever?	What are the best rock bands?
Why do we get tears in our eyes and nose when we eat spicy food?	Why we get a “runny” nose and possibly tears when we digest a spicy food?
Who was Herbert Spencer? What was his contribution to Sociology?	Who was Herbert Spencer? What were his contributions to sociology?
What is the form and content of knowledge?	What is form and content of knowledge?
How do I earn money online?	What is the best way for making money online?
Do jinns and angels really exist?	Do angels really exist?
How can I be more productive during the day?	How can I be extra-productive during the day?
Who view my instagram video?	How can I see who viewed my video on Instagram but didn't like my video?
I have recently bought a Lenovo ideapad 300 with Intel HD 520 graphics…I want to know whether can I add a dedicated graphic card to it.?	Can a dedicated graphics card be added to a laptop that has an integrated Intel HD 520 graphics card?
Does masturbation reduces memory?	Does masturbation affect memory?
What is the best way to learn white hat hacking?	What is the best way to learn how to hack (whitehat)?
Who is the better candidate for being the President of the United States of America: Hillary Clinton or Donald Trump?	Is Hillary Clinton really worse than Donald Trump?
What are examples of puns?	What are examples of a pun?
What is the best way to reduce anxiety?	What can I do to heal my anxiety?
Should I use a tongue scraper?	Is it necessary to use a tongue cleaner?
How was Sex for you?	How does doing sex feel like?
What show can I watch that's similar to Friends?	Which TV serials are similar to Friends?
What are the best Hollywood movies ever?	Which is your top 10 hollywood movies list?
Various stages of the life cycle of a source program with a neat diagram.?	Explain the various stages of the life cycle of a source program with a neat diagram.?
Who is the richest person in the history ever?	Who is the richest person in all of history?
What are the best ways to improve my English because I'm not good in English?	How can I continue to improve my English?
What is the purpose of a SIM card and does the iPhone use them?	What is the function of a SIM card and how does it affect your phone?
How is Donald Trump a better choice than Hillary Clinton?	How is Hillary Clinton better than Donald Trump?
What is the Mughal empire?	What are the charteristics of Mughal empire?
What is like to be a chartered accountant in India?	What does it feel like to be a Chartered Accountant?
How can I improve my data analysis skills?	How do I improve my research analysis and data analysis skills?
What measures can be taken to increase the height at the age of 18 of a boy?	At what age do boys' height stop increasing?
What would you advice someone who wants to start his own business?	What is the first step for a young person who wants to start their own business?
How do I hack WhatsApp online?	Is there any way to hack WhatsApp using web.whatsapp?
What are your favorite healthy dinner recipes?	What's your favorite healthy recipe?
How can I make money from a blog?	How can I start making money from blogging?
What are the factors that led to world war 2?	What started World War 2?
How important is the size of your penis to woman?	Does the size of a penis matter?
Which is the best institute to learn digital marketing (job oriented) in India?	Which is the best free digital marketing course?
What are some of the differences between money and capital?	What is the difference between money and capital?
How should medical students study?	How do medical students study?
How can I stop my dog from chewing my shoes?	What should I do if my Shepherd/Retriever mixed puppy is chewing my shoes?
How do I change my profile pic on Quora?	How can I put up my profile photo on my Quora?
How do I track that my email was opened by the recipient?	What tool for tracking opened email would you suggest?
Is there gravity in mars?	What would be the gravity in Mars?
How do I earn from Quora?	How can I earn money through Quora?
How can an ordinary person make the world a better place?	How can I make this world a better place?
What are Some of the best gadgets on 2016?	What are the best gadgets on 2016?
What are some books for JEE ADVANCED 2016?	What are some books for JEE advanced preperation 2016?
Where can I order for a fruit basket through online?	Where can I order fruit basket online?
How do I lose weight without stopping?	What are some ways to lose weight fast?
Why does our mouth smell bad after we wake up in the morning?	Why does our breath stink when we wake up in the morning?
Can you get pregnant 16 days after your period?	Can I get pregnant a couple hours before I got my period?
Can you see who who viewed your videos on Instagram?	Can people see if you have viewed their instagram?
What UFO event is most compelling in terms of corroborated evidence that the UFO was of extraterrestrial origin?	What is the most convincing evidence for extraterrestrial life/UFO's found on Earth?
What will happen if Balochistan get its freedom from Pakistan and joins India?	What if Balochistan wants to merge with India?
What the meaning of this all life?	What is the meaning of LIFE to you?
How do I become faster?	How do I become faster physically?
What are the best ways to establish good credit?	How can I establish my good credit score?
What are the differences between moles and freckles? How can you tell which you have?	What are the differences between freckles and moles? What are their similarities?
How can I learn French language at home without any tuitions or having to spend money?	What's the best way to learn Spanish or French without spending any money?
How do I get more coins in 8 ball pool miniclip?	How can I earn free coins in 8 ball pool?
How good is to work at Google?	What’s it like working at Google?
Can you offer me any advice on how to lose weight?	Can anybody give me any advice on losing weight safely?
What are exothermic reactions? What are some examples?	What are some examples of an exothermic reactions?
What were the best questions asked in an interview?	What are the most interesting questions asked in any interview?
Who will win 2019 Lok sabha elections?	Who will win 2019 elections in India?
What will be the implications of banning 500 and 1000 rupees currency notes on Indian economy?	How will the ban on Rs. 1000 and Rs. 500 notes impact Indian economy?
What is cost of living in Silicon Valley?	How expensive is living in Silicon Valley?
Can you explain global warming in layman terms?	What's the explanation of the connection between carbon and global warming in Layman's terms?
Why were the polls so inaccurate in the 2016 election?	Why were all the predictions and polls so wrong regarding Donald Trump’s election?
Are the UFO sightings real?	Are UFO sightings real? Why?
What's it like to be the best?	What's it like to be the best at what you do?
What is that one you still regret right now?	What is the one thing in life you have done that you regret now?
What are the best ways to speak English fluently?	How do I speak fluent English with confidence?
What are the advantages of adding railway budget to general budget?	What is the siginficance of merging railway budget with general budget?
What is the use of demonetizing Rs. 500 & Rs. 1000 notes?	What are the possible implications of Demonetization of 500 and 1000 rupee notes?
Why did America vote for Donald Trump as President in the 2016 Elections?	How is Donald Trump winning?
What should I do to earn money online?	How do I earn money from the Internet?
How do I recover a hacked Instagram?	How do I recover hacked Instagram account?
Is everything in our life just an illusion?	Is life an illusion?
How do I get a girlfriend?	What are some ways to get a girlfriend?
Is it possible for a passenger flight to fly to space?	Why can’t an airplane just fly into space?
I'm almost 40. Is it too late for me to learn piano?	Is it too late to learn to play the piano at 26?
How do I grasp more information in less time?	How do I learn more in less time?
What is the Constitution of India?	What does the constitution of India mean?
Why does gst bill is important?	What exactly is GST bill and how exactly will it affect the common people?
Why did Arnab Goswami resign as the Editor-in-Chief of Times Now?	Why does Arnab Goswami left Times Now?
Who's your favorite writer and what book of theirs would you recommend for reading?	What is your favorite book and why? Who is the author?
Where can I find a good psychiatrists in Bangalore?	Where can I find a good psychiatrist in Bangalore?
Is it theoretically possible to have a gas that's lighter than hydrogen?	Is it possible to create a material as light or lighter than hydrogen?
Is there any discount to get admission in NICMAR?	Are there any discounts for admission in Nicmar?
What are the perks availed to an IAS officer except salary?	What are the perks of being an IAS officer?
How do people earn money from YouTube?	How can I make money on YouTube?
What are the best location to invest in Ahmedabad?	Which is the best location to invest in Ahmedabad?
Can taking too much sugar cause diabetes?	Can consuming too much sugar cause diabetes?
Is there any difference between cupcake and muffin?	What is the difference between muffin and cupcake?
How do I set a personal goal in life?	How do I set goals for life?
What are the best sites to watch Bollywood movies for free?	Where can I watch hindi movies online free?
What is the psychology behind the belief in conspiracy theories?	What is the psychology behind conspiracy theorists?
How would I make easy money?	Which is the best way to earn easy money?
What is the basic difference between specific yield and specific retention?	What is basic difference between specific yield and specific retention?
What makes you truly alive?	What makes you alive?
What is your all time favorite book?	What is your absolute most favorite book of all time and why? Any suggestions?
What should I do if I don't have anything to write on my CV?	Is it okay not to have anything to write on a CV?
How can you know if a girl likes you?	How do I know if a shy girl likes me?
Why did you choose mechanical engineering? Why not automobile enginnering?	Why did you choose mechanical engineering?
How can I come out of loneliness and depression?	How do I come out of loneliness?
What are the career option after graduation in electrical engineer?	What are the career options after electrical and electronics engineering?
Why do people ask questions on Quora that can easily be answered by Google?	Why don't many people posting questions on Quora check Google first?
Why are my logical questions marked as needing clarification?	Why were my last few questions I asked marked as needing improvement?
What were the main causes of the Battle of the Somme?	What is the significance of the Battle of the Somme?
What are economic activities? What are some examples?	What are economic activities? What are some examples of this?
How can I prepare for a job interview?	How do I prepare for my first job interview?
What are the effects of putting oxygen in nitrogen filled tires?	Is nitrogen good for tires?
How do you know that you are homosexual?	How does one know he is homosexual?
What are buffer solutions?	What is buffer solution?
What are good ways to learn German?	How do I learn German?
What are some reasons your throat hurts when swallowing? How can this painful lumps be treated?	What are some reasons your throat hurts when swallowing?
What is it like to attend PROMYS (this will be my first year)?	What is it like to attend PROMYS (Program in Mathematics for Young Scientists)?
Can god make a rock so heavy that he couldn’t lift it?	Can God make a stone so heavy that He can't lift it?
What are some good GSOC projects based on Java?	What are some gsoc projects based on Java?
What is the meaning of GDP?	What is the definition of GDP?
What is the best way to lose calories fast?	What is the fastest way to lose weight?
Are we heading towards another civil war?	Is America heading towards another revolution or civil war?
How will the ban of Rs 500 and Rs 1000 notes affect Indian economy?	Will the value of Indian rupee increase after the ban of 500 and 1000 rupee notes?
What is the way to reduce only belly fat without reducing fat in any other part of our body?	How can I lose my belly fat without losing my muscles or fat from any other body part?
How should I improve my english communication skills?	How can we improve our English language skills?
Which are the top universities in the world?	Which university is the best in the world?
How can changing 500 and 1000 rupee notes end the black money in India?	Would banning notes of denominations 500 and 1000 help to curb the black money in system?
Why are people so obsessed with GoPro cameras?	What's so great about GoPro cameras?
Would Donald Trump make a good U.S president? Why or why not?	Is Donald Trump fit to be president?
What does Hillary Clinton plan to do with illegal immigrants?	What does Hillary say about illegal immigrants? How is her plan as opposed to Donald Trump’s?
Is there a way to see deleted Instagram photos?	Is there a way to restore deleted Instagram photos?
What is the difference between school life and college life.?	What are some interesting differences between school life and college life?
How can I improve my English speaking ability?	How can I improve my English pronunciation?
Would Hillary Clinton start World War III / War with Russia?	Will Hillary Clinton make decisions that escalate into a war with Russia?
How is vivo phone?	How good is a vivo mobile?
What would happen if you swallowed bleach?	What happens if you swallow bleach?
What is the epithet for Odysseus?	What were the epithets of Odysseus?
How can I lose weight quickly in 2 weeks?	How do I lose weight fast?
Can the atomic number of a particular element change?	Can the atomic number of a particular element ever change why or why not?
Learning: How do I learn something new?	How can I learn something?
How do airplanes fly?	How aircraft fly?
How do I improve my pronunciation of English?	How can I improve my pronunciation of English words?
What are the best ways to lose weight? What is the best diet plan?	How do I suck it up and lose weight?
How do I make green tea?	How can we make green tea?
How should one deal with depression?	How do I get rid of depression?
What are career option and job opportunities for mechanical engineering (graduate) student in Germany?	How are job opportunities in Germany for an Indian student with a Master's in mechanical engineering?
What are songs that you can listen to throughout your entire lifetime and never get tired of?	What song can you listen to and never get tired of hearing?
What is best incest movie?	What are movies with incest scenes?
What is the effect of flash point on distillation column?	How flash point changes within distillation columns?
How do I become a cyber security professional?	How do I become an Information Security Expert?
Is it okay to swear on Quora?	Is it okay to swear on Quora without getting suspended?
What led to Cyrus Mistry ouster from TATA GROUP?	Why did Tata group fire Cyrus Mistry from chairman post?
How do black holes disappear?	Do black holes disappear eventually or will it keep getting bigger?
Is it an offence to have sex with my employee in Singapore?	Sex with employees in Singapore?
What do you think of the decision by the Indian Government to demonetize 500 and 1000 rupee notes?	How do you see the PM Modi’s move of banning old 500 and 1000 rupee currency notes?
How do you know if you've fallen for someone?	When do you know that you are in love?
Can someone read your texts other than the recipient?	How can Someone read my text messages?
What are some life changing movies?	What are some potentially life-changing movies?
What was your best school memory?	What are some of the best school memories?
What are some beautiful or amazing geographical sites around the world?	What are the most beautiful places in the world?
What are some job-oriented courses with less duration for a biology student after class 12th in India?	What are some options for a biology student after class 12th in India?
Why does water taste bad after 2 days?	Why does water taste bad after about 2 days?
How can I stop myself from going on eating like crazy?	How can I stop eating too much?
Are you guys perceiving the same? Is the magnetic north pole of the Earth at the east now?	Are you guys perceiving the same? Is the magnetic North Pole of the Earth at the aast now?
How can I restore my factory settings to my Dell 3521 laptop?	How do you reset a Dell laptop to factory settings?
What is the best way to lose weight and not gain it back?	How do I lose fats and excessive weight from body?
What are some of the best food spots in Goa?	What are best food joints in goa?
How can one clear magnetite particles from cells in the human brain?	How would one clear magnetite nanoparticles from the human brain?
What is the best sex experience you have ever had?	What's the best sex you have ever had?
What are requirement to get selected in BARC?	What are the requirements to get selected at BARC?
What is the best laptop company?	Which one is the best laptop company?
What are the best coaching institutes for Advanced Java in Hyderabad?	What is a good institute to learn Advanced Java in Hyderabad?
What is newton ring?	What is Newton rings?
What are the must travel places in India?	What are the Best places to travel in India?
How do I start my online magazine?	How can I start and online magazine?
What is a satire? What are some examples?	What is an example of satire?
How can I get out from depression?	How can we get out of depression?
Does Trump treat his employees kindly?	Does Donald Trump treat his employees well?
How do I get my dachshund to stop chewing furniture?	How do I stop my Yorkie/Corgi mix from chewing my shoes?
Was Hillary Clinton email hacked?	Was Hillary Clinton's email server hacked?
What is the quickest way to get meth out your system?	So how can I get meth to be flush out of body in 2 hours before a urine drug test?
Who is the best Batman actor in your opinion?	Who is the best Batman actor or voice actor?
Is there a way to reliably transfer my WhatsApp messages and media from Android to iPhone?	How do I transfer WhatsApp chat messages from my Android phone to an iPhone?
How do I deal with extreme Social anxiety disorder?	What is the best way to deal with social anxiety disorder?
How will you get Chhattisgarh news?	How can you get Chhattisgarh news?
How should I lose weight?	What is the easiest way to loose weight?
How do I balance the need to be comfortable and push myself out of my comfort zone?	What are some of the best ways to break out my comfort zone?
How can l learn guitar? What are some good tips for playing guitar?	How can I learn to play guitar?
How are ionic bonds formed?	What are ionic bonds and how are they formed and by what?
What are your top 5 best movies youve ever watch?	Which are the 5 best movies you have ever seen?
What is your review of The Office (The TV series)?	What is your review of The Office (U.S. TV series)?
What are the different military branches? What function do they serve?	What are the different military branches? What are they main functions?
How can I add new topics to my newsfeed?	How do I change or add new topics to my profile after the registration?
Why is cricket not played at the Olympics?	Why cricket is not played in Olympics?
How can I publish books with publishers?	How can one publish a book?
How can I improve my pronunciation in English?	What the best way to improve English?
What is the most common sexual fantasy of women?	What are common women's sexual fantasies?
Can you still get pregnant one day before menstruation?	When can women get pregnant in the menstrual cycle?
What if I masturbate daily?	If I did masturbate daily?
What are your thoughts on the Donald Trump and Hillary Clinton debate?	What does everyone think of last night’s New York debate between Donald Trump and Hillary Clinton?
What are some of the best interview question ever asked?	What's the best question ever asked in an interview?
Which countries have free higher education?	Which countries offer free university education for international students?
What is the best answer for why should I not hire you?	What is the best answer of "Convince me not to Hire you"?
Why isn't Hillary Clinton in jail?	Why is Hillary Clinton not in jail after all the allegations of crimes?
How is TCS Nagpur?	How is TCS at nagpur?
When do I get an Android update to Android L on my Nexus 5?	When will I have to update to Android L on my Nexus 5?
Can Singapore consider as a country?	Is Singapore a city or a country?
Which is the best laptop I can buy in india for Rs.25000-30000?	Can any one give suggestions which laptop should I buy at the range of 30000?
How do I start up a new cafe?	What are requirements I would need to start my own cafe?
Why do we need antivirus software?	Why we need Antivirus for computer?
Can you suggest some best people to follow on Quora?	Who do you suggest to follow on Quora and why?
What happens when sugar is added to concrete?	What happnes if sugar is put in concrete?
What are the requirements to get a job at Microsoft?	How do I get a job at Microsoft?
What is an electric drive?	What is electric drive?
What are 3 conditions for the flow of current?	What are the conditions necessary for the flow of current?
Can the sum of two vectors be equal to either vector?	Is it possible that the resultant of two vectors of equal magnitude has same magnitude as the two vectors have?
What is the relationship between biotic and abiotic factors? What are some examples?	What are the differences between biotic factors and abiotic factors?
What are the top 50 Bollywood songs?	What are your top 10 favorite Bollywood music?
How does an individual choose the right profession?	How do I choose the right profession?
What would be your New Year resolutions for 2017?	What is your New Year resolution?
How can I get more views in my YouTube channel?	What are ways to get more views on youtube?
Which books should I follow to crack civil services examinatíon?	Which books should I follow to crack in civil services examination?
What is your favorite movie to watch on Halloween night?	What  is a great scary movie to watch on Halloween?
What is some proof that the Illuminati is real?	Does Illuminati exist?
Which are the best ways to lose weight?	How can I lose 4kg weight?
Why do I see questions with basic grammatical mistakes on Quora but some of my questions are marked as "needing improvement"?	Can people still see questions that are marked as needing improving?
Jesus is the greatest missionary. What lessons can we learn from His mission work on Earth?	Jesus was the greatest Missionary. What lessons can we learn from His mission work on earth?
Why am I frequently sleepy?	Why am I always sleepy?
How do I take a picture of myself?	What are some good ways to take a picture of myself?
How do I start coding in C?	Where should I start learning C?
What did you think about the first 2016 US presidential debate?	Who do you think has dominated in the first us Presidential candidate debate 2016?
What does Hillary Clinton think of Narendra Modi?	What does Hillary Clinton think about Narendra modi?
What's the difference between infatuation and real love?	How would you differentiate between infatuation and love?
How does Google Maps create its map from multiple images?	How does Google create its maps?
How do I lose weight from 70 to 50?	How do I lose 5 kg weight within 7 days?
Which is the best motor bike in the Royal Enfield series?	Which is the best bike in royal Enfield?
What are the best book for learning calculus?	What is the best book to learn calculus with model answers?
What is the difference between Shia and Sunni?	What are the differences between Shia and Sunni Muslims?
What is the difference between porridge oats and rolled oats?	Are porridge oats the same as rolled oats?
What does having borderline personality disorder feel like?	Abnormal Psychology: What does it feel like to have borderline personality disorder?
Can a cellphone be hacked by another cellular phone?	Can a cellphone be hacked by a other cell phone?
What do you think about Modi government banning 500 & 1000 currency note from 9th November?	Why is the government abruptly banning the 500 Rupees and the 1000 rupees currency notes in India?
Why was the South Africa cricket team banned?	Is South Africa team of cricket rejected for some years? And why?
Can you please recommend me some certified online IQ test?	What website can I find a properly designed IQ test?
Are B.Tech production engineer students eligible for SSC Junior Engineer Exam?	Are B.Tech ECE students eligible for SSC Junior Engineer Exam?
Which is the best language for mobile app development?	What is the best computer language for mobile app development?
How does it feel to be an illegal immigrant living in the US?	What is it like to be an illegal immigrant in the US?
What is the possibility of war between India and Pakistan due to terrorism?	Can the current tension between India and Pakistan lead to the third World War?
How do know when you're in love?	How will you come to know that you are in love?
What is an example of a sentence using the word "myriad"?	What are some examples of sentences with the word "Myriad"?
Will BRICS ever be a Military Alliance?	Should BRICS form a military alliance like NATO?
What might Vietnam be like today if the south won?	How might have Vietnam turned out if the South had won the war?
What will happen now that Trump's president?	What will really happen if Trump becomes President?
How does Quora detect No. of views?	How does Quora count views?
Clash royale hack?	Are there any hacks for clash royale?
How can I continue to improve my English?	What are the best ways to improve English?
What is the best way to get over social media addiction?	How do I overcome my social media addiction?
How exactly does banning Rs 500 and Rs 1000 notes curb the problem of black money?	Would banning notes of denominations 500 and 1000 help to curb the black money in system?
What is environmental degradation?	What is environmental degradation? What is the process of this?
Is masturbation and/or watching porn considered cheating?	Is watching porn the same as cheating?
Is 16 too late for the piano?	Is it too late to learn piano at the age of 30?
How do I recover my lost Gmail password if I don't have the same number and don't remember the recovery email?	How do I reset my Gmail password when I don't have access to my recovery information?
What is the best QuickBooks support number in Arkansas?	What is the quickbooks customer support phone number USA?
How do I overcome a crush?	How can I overcome crush?
Does eating antidepressants spoils anybody life?	How can antidepressants ruin your life?
Why are so many people on Quora obsessed with IQ?	Why do people on Quora mention their IQ all the time.?
Which college should I take considering the factors: KMC Manipal or KMC Mangalore?	What is the difference between KMC Manipal and KMC Mangalore?
What events caused Roger Waters to leave Pink Floyd?	Why did Roger Waters leave Pink Floyd?
What if the result of the engine compression gauge is too high or too low?	What if the result of the compression gauge is too high or too low?
How do you balance relaxation and being productive?	How do you balance being productive and relaxing?
How do you convert 23 centimeters to inches?	How do you convert centimeters to inches?
How can green tea help you reduce belly fat?	Why is Lipton's green tea helpful for losing weight?
Why is kickboxing considered good for self-defense?	Is kickboxing considered self defense?
If you had 3 wishes what would they be?	If you had 3 wishes what would you wish for (and you couldn't wish for more wishes)?
What is your creative process?	What’s your creative process?
Is there any functionality in Quora to merge redundant or similar questions and topics?	How can similar questions and answers on Quora be combined?
How do I recover from failure?	How can we recover from failure?
Why did Trump win?	How is Donald Trump winning?
Do you have any experience dating an Indian guy?	What were some of the experiences you had dating an Indian guy?
Who are your favorite authors?	Who's your favorite author and why?
Who are the best rappers of all time?	Who is the best rapper in the world?
Why do some people on QUORA ask questions that they can easily findout on Google?	Why do some people ask questions on Quora that could be asked directly to a search engine ?
What is the easiest and painless way to commit suicide?	What is the most painless and quick way to die?
What type of mental trauma causes someone to become a sociopath?	What type of psychological trauma can cause someone to become a Sociopath?
Is math important to learn?	Is it important to learn math?
How can I get a list of my Gmail accounts?	How can I get a complete list of all old Gmail accounts in my name?
What are some cool or lesser known facts about Albert Einstein?	What are some lesser known facts about Sir. Albert Einstein?
How do I get funding for my web based startup idea?	Who do I contact to raise money for my startup idea?
Where can I get very friendly assistance in Sydney for buying or refinancing a property?	Where can I get very friendly property transactions services in Sydney?
Who are some of the best website brokers?	Who is the best website broker?
How and Why did Donald Trump win the election?	How did Donald Trump got elected when there are so many people against him?
What are the hazards of travelling in my 9th month of pregnancy?	What are some tips to safely travel in my 9th month of pregnancy?
How would you get a purple heart?	How do you get a Purple Heart?
Which Additional course is better for HR students?	Which additional course is better for MBA HR students?
Where is the best Whirlpool Refrigerator Service Center in Hyderabad?	Where is located the best Whirlpool Refrigerator Service Center in Hyderabad?
What is the medical term for bump and how are bumps usually treated?	What is the medical term for bumps on skin?
How do I become a VC?	How can I become a VC?
Why is Saltwater Taffy candy imported in Greece?	Why are Saltwater taffy candy imported in the Philippines?
What are the benefits you got from reading?	What are some benefits of reading?
What are some facts about Greek Mythology that are not well-known?	What are some insane facts about Greek mythology?
How can I earn money online?	What is the best way for making money online?
What are the negative impact of demonetisation?	What are the negative impacts of demonetisation?
What are some of the best TV shows on Netflix right now?	What are the "must see" TV shows on Netflix in your opinion?
What happens once the U.S. dollar loses its status as the world's reserve currency?	What are the likely effects on US trade and the domestic economy if the U.S. Dollar loses its global reserve status?
Why do people mark questions as ambiguous or needing editing on Quora when they're fine?	Why does Quora always mark my questions as needing improvement?
How do black holes get destroyed?	How will a black hole get destroyed or die?
Are there any conspiracy theories that are probably true? Any conspiracy theories that turned out to be true?	What are the best examples of conspiracy theories that turned out to be true?
Can we increase height after 23?	Is it anyway possible for man to increase height at or after 23?
What are the funniest memes you have come across on Narendra Modi?	What are some trolls on Narendra Modi?
Who won the second debate Clinton or Trump?	Who do you think won the second Trump-Hillary debate?
Is there scope for aerospace engineering in India?	Is there any scope for aeronautical engineering in india?
What is karma according to Veda?	What is karma according to Vedas?
Are we heading toward World War 3?	What are the prophecies of world war 3 and will it actually happen?
How do you make a webpage responsive without Bootstrap?	How do I make a website responsive without Bootstrap?
Has BJP broke the alliance with Shiv Sena?	Why did BJP broke the alliance with Shiv Sena?
What is minimum notice period time we have to serve before resigning SBI as a clerk?	What is minimum notice period we have to serve before resigning SBI as a clerk?
What do I need to do to get into MIT?	How can I join MIT?
How can I join indian air force or indian Navy after completing engineering?	Can a boy join the Indian armed forces after a BSc degree?
What is the best way to initiate conversation with a stranger?	What's the best way to initiate a conversation with a stranger?
How do I control my love?	How can I control my feelings of love?
What are the best ways to perform in a group discussion?	How do I prepare for group discussion?
What are your views on Modi governments decision to demonetize 500 and 1000 rupee notes? How will this affect economy?	What are your views on demonetization of 500 and 1000 rupee notes by the Modi Government?
Which are the best GMAT coaching institutes in Delhi/NCR?	What are the best coaching institutes for GMAT in NCR?
How can I improve my pronunciation in English?	How do I learn spoken English?
What is the scope of digital marketing in India in the future?	What's the future of digital marketing in India?
What is it like being a psychiatrist?	What is it like to be a psychiatrist?
Is it expensive to take music lessons/drum lessons?	Is it expensive to take music lessons?
Is it possible that one day a time machine would be created?	Why still its not possible to invent a time machine?
What is meaning of love?	What exactly is love?
Can we time travel?	How do we time travel?
What are some examples of individual rights?	What are individual rights and what are some examples?
What are the best travel blogs?	What are the best travelling blogs?
How can I stop sleeping too much?	How do I stop sleeping too late for nothing?
How does our subconscious mind help us?	How can our subconscious mind help us?
What are the top five intro to photography books?	What is the best intro to photography book?
How can I make myself to get out of my super comfort zone?	How do I break out of my comfort zone?
How do I find the number of factors (which are natural numbers) of a given natural number?	How do I find the number of factors (natural numbers) of a given natural number?
What are some good ways to repurpose wine bottles?	How can you repurpose wine bottles?
What made you want to join Quora?	Why did you join Quora?
What are my options to making money online?	What is the best way to earn money online?
Donald Trump or Hillary Clinton?	Donald Trump or Hillary Clinton? Why?
How do we read Kundli?	How do I read kundli?
How much cost for Samsung galaxy Note 7 in India?	How much it will cost for Samsung galaxy Note 7 in India?
Why do people buy overpriced stocks?	Why do people buy overpriced products?
What should I do one day before an exam?	How do I study one day before an exam?
Does Alon Amit fully understand the Wiles - Taylor proof of Fermat's Last Theorem?	Does Alon Amit (somewhat) understand Wiles' proof of Fermat's Last Theorem?
What is the difference between Love and liking?	What is the difference between "love" and "like"?
What is coding standards?	What is coding standard?
What are some examples in which statistical data were misleading?	What are examples of deliberately presenting statistical data in misleading ways?
What are some mind-blowing smartphone gadgets that exist that most people don't know about?	What are some mind-blowing Mobile gadgets that exist that most people don't know about?
What the purpose of life on earth?	What do you feel is your purpose in life?
Which MBA stream is better to pursue a mechanical engineer as fresher?	Which stream is better in an MBA for a mechanical engineer?
Is backward time travel possible?	Is time travel possible in next 5 years?
Why do humans love their family members just because they're family?	Who do you love most among your family members and why?
Does the medical profession know the cure to cancer?	Can we cure cancer?
How does it feel like to be in prison?	How does it feel to be in prison?
What should I do to get a government job?	What should I do get a government job?
What are your views about Islam?	What you think about Islam?
How can I improve my writing skills for blogs?	How do I improve my English writing and speaking skills?
How can I attain a photographic memory?	How do you develop photographic memory?
Does the freelancing website addanyproject provide fake leads?	Can you provide me the list of freelancing websites?
What is the best site to download books?	What are the best sites to download e-books for free?
What is Kantianism? What are some examples?	What are some examples of Kantianism?
How do I prepare for Net JRF in English literature?	What are the name of the books for UGC net English literature?
How can I keep living when I I feel like a total loser?	What will you do if you feel like a loser?
How do I prepare for MBBS first year?	How will l be topper for MBBS first year?
What is the work of a business analyst?	What is the basic role of a business analyst?
What is some historical evidence that Jesus existed?	What is the evidence for and against historical Jesus?
Does penis size matters for girls?	Does penis size matter during sex?
Who is the worlds richest pet?	Who is the world's richest animal?
How could I improve my English?	How can I improve fluency in English?
What is source of income of Facebook?	What are the sources of income for Facebook?
What is leaky gut syndrome?	What is leaky gut syndrom?
How can you become a travel agent?	How do I become a successful travel agent?
Why do we have stage fright? How do we overcome it?	What is the best way to overcome stage fear?
What is the Best photo editing apps for Android?	Which are the best photo editing apps for Android?
What is a good first programming language?	What is a good first programming language to learn?
What are the best books for JEE Mains practice?	What is the best book for JEE Mains?
Who Invented the internet and how was it first used?	Who invented the internet?
Why am I blocked from asking questions under anonymous basis on Quora?	Why was I blocked from adding questions on quora anonymously and how can I change it?
What will happen now that Trump's president?	What will happen now that President-elect Donald Trump has won the election?
How can I get 1 million users to sign up to my app?	How can I get a million users on my social app?
I have bought a laptop on paytm ang I got a cash back of Rs.7000. Can I transfer this amount to my bank account?	I have bought a laptop on paytm and I got a cash back of Rs.7000. Can I transfer this amount to my bank account?
What is the anime you have learned the most from? Why?	What anime did you learn the most from?
Why am I not able to crack an interview?	How do I crack interview?
Which is the best laptop under Rs 60000 for gaming in India?	Which is the best gaming laptop under Rs 60000?
What are the entrepreneurial opportunities that arise for EU countries because of the Brexit?	What new business opportunities will arise as a result of Brexit?
How do I prevent my dog from chewing on my shoes?	How do I make a dog stop chewing shoes?
Who is responsible for regulating the government?	Who this is then responsible for the regulating the government?
Which is harder GMAT or cat?	Which is better-GMAT or CAT?
What should I do to beat boredom?	How can I escape boredom?
What do you do when you feel sad?	What do you do when you are sad?
What is our favorite Drake song and why?	What is your Favorite Drake song?
Can you get pregnant the day before your period starts?	Can I get pregnant a couple hours before I got my period?
What is the difference between transexual and transgender?	What is the difference (if any) between transgender and transexual?
How do I develop analytical problem solving skills?	How can you develop your problem solving skills?
How does guys lose their virginity?	How does a guy lose his virginity?
What is the current post study work visa options for undergraduates in the united kingdom?	Will UK Open the Post Study visa for International Students?
Is it worthwhile to take break for a year and solely prepare for CAT?	Is it a good decision to take a one year education gap & prepare for CAT?
What will Google name their Android versions after they finish with the alphabet "Z"?	What will Google name the next Android version after Android Z?
Is Donald Trump a good person?	Do you think that Donald trump is a actually a good person?
Will starving yourself make you lose weight?	How safe is for you to starve to lose weight?
How can I improve my IELTS writing skills?	How can I improve my academic writing for IELTS?
What are the best Places in India to visit with friends?	What are some of the best places to visit in India with friends?
What are some of awesome facts about Indian constitution?	What are some interesting facts about Indian Constitution?
What is the best thing that has ever happened to you?	What's the best thing that ever happened to you?
What is the best option after a workout: a cold water shower or a hot water shower?	Should I shower with warm water or cold water after workout at the gym?
What is exactly wrong in Samsung Galaxy Note 7 battery causing it to explode?	Why does the Galaxy note 7 explode?
Why should one be married? Is that really necessary?	Is getting married really necessary?
Is Spotify not available in India?	Spotify: When will Spotify be available in India? What are the reasons for this unavailability?
Why do some people make fun of others?	Why do people make fun of others for their entertainment?
I want to improve my English writing skills. Can someone suggest me some books?	What books do you suggest would help improve English writing skills?
What are the effects of demonitization of 500 and 1000 rupees notes on real estate sector?	How will real estate prices be affected in India after banning of 500 and 1000 rupees notes?
What exactly is Bitcoin?	What is the Bitcoin?
What are the best ways to earn money from home?	How can I earn money easily online?
What are the basic components of a computer model?	What are some components of a computer?
Can energy be borrowed from vacuum(to be returned immediately)? If this happens how do we know vacuum energy is real if virtual particles don't exist?	Do virtual particles and energy in vacuum really exist? How do we know if they exist if we can't observe them? Where are they?
Why do people ask questions on Quora instead of Googling it?	Why do people ask Quora questions which can be answered easily by Google?
Punctuation: Is it correct to add a question mark after a rhetorical question?	Should there be a question mark at the end of a rhetorical question?
How do I follow up with someone in WhatsApp?	How can I follow someone on WhatsApp?
What do Muslim women think of oral triple talaq?	What is the view of Muslim women on triple talaq?
What will be the effect of banning of INR 500 and INR 1000 notes in India?	What are the effects of withdrawing INR 500 and 1000?
How do I talk English fluently?	What should I do to improve my English ?
How can India reduce its oil imports?	How can India reduce its dependence on oil?
What are the best questions we can ask our girlfriend?	What is a good question to ask your girlfriend?
Where can I view the answers I have upvoted on Quora?	Where can I find a list of all answers I have upvoted on Quora?
How can I live the life the way I want?	How can I live the life I want?
What is the meaning of our life?	What is a meaning of life?
How will demonetization affect India?	How will demonetization affect India & Indian economy?
How can I loose weight naturally without doing exercise?	How can you lose weight without doing exercises?
How do police officers feel about enforcing laws they don't agree with?	How do police officers deal with enforcing a law they think is unjust?
Is it possible to get pregnant before period or after period ends?	If I have a 6 day period can I get pregnant just after it ends?
Will Angela Merkel resign after Munich and the Wurzburg train attack?	Will Angela Merkel survive in office after the Munich mall Shooting (July 22 2016)?
What does a free lance web developer do to get clients?	Where should a freelance web developer start to get clients?
How do I get rid of scalp acne?	How can I get rid of pimples all over my face?
What is the best advertising model of education informative website?	What is the best advertising model of education informative websites?
What should one check before buying a violin?	What are the specifications one should check on buying a violin?
What happened during New Year’s Eve celebrations in Bangalore?	What happened during New Year’s Eve in Bangalore?
How do I encrypt the data on my Android phone?	What is the best way to encrypt data in android?
How do you add a profile picture on Quora?	How do I add or change my Quora profile picture?
Why do I feel sleepy all day even after a good night sleep?	Why do we feel sleepy when bored even though we had had a good nights sleep?
Which best online home grocery web site?	Could you please list some online grocery stores?
What do you think about the Modi's sudden decision to scrap 500 and 1000 rs denomination?	What do you think of the decision by the Indian Government to demonetize 500 and 1000 rupee notes?
What are some tips for you to use a Visa gift card online?	How can you use a Visa gift card for online purchases?
What will be the pros and cons of the replacement of 500 and 1000 currency notes by the Indian govt.?	What are pros and cons of 500 and 1000 currency notes abolishing?
Why does Sweden produce such good pop music and musicians?	Why does Sweden produce such great bands and music artists?
What's the difference between mice and rats?	What is the difference between a mouse and rat?
What's good song for a best friend lyric prank?	What is a good song for a text prank?
Where can I get best label printing work in Australia?	Where can I get very affordable price for different kinds of label printing in Australia?
How can one overcome porn addiction?	How can I overcome porn addiction?
What is the main difference between circuit breakers and relays?	What is the difference between relay and circuit breaker?
What exactly is digital art?	What are the digital arts?
Where can I get quality assistance in Sydney for any property transaction?	Where can I get highest quality service at exceptional prices in Sydney for property conveyancing?
Is ice more or less dense than water?	Why density of ice is less than water?
I have an IQ of 160. How can I make use of this?	Found out my iq is 160. What now?
My ambition is to become a Data scientist for that what should I do currently working as a Python backend developer?	What should I learn in Python if I want to become a data scientist?
Is Donald Trump a threat to the .U.S?	Why would Donald Trump be a dangerous U.S. President?
How do I make animation like YouTube channel mypromovideos?	How do I make video like mypromovideos?
How do I stop procrastination?	How can I beat procrastination?
What are some CV worthy online Digital Marketing courses?	Is NIIT Delhi good for a digital marketing course?
What exactly do you do for a living?	What do you do for a living?
Which is the best coaching institue in Nagpur for MPSC?	Which is the best MPSC coaching institute in Nagpur?
What are job opportunities after completing one year of a HAL graduate apprenticeship?	What are some opportunities after completing one year of a HAL graduate apprenticeship?
How should I start learning data analytics with python as a beginner?	How do I start learning Python Socket Programming?
Does every physician swear by a hippocratic oath?	Are doctors still required to take the Hippocratic Oath?
How do I retrieve old snapchat messages?	How do I retrieve deleted Snapchat messages?
Is activision's making a Call of Duty MMO or not?	Will Activision Ever Make A Call of Duty MMO?
What is the best book to learn C++ for a programmer with C background?	What is the best book for DEV C++?
What are some examples of 'Presence of Mind'?	What are the examples of a presence of mind?
What makes someone a pervert?	What is a pervert?
I'm in the top 20 percentile but I did not get 75% (HSC board). Am I eligible for JEE advanced 2017?	I'm in top 20 percentile but I did not get 75% (HSC board 2016). am I eligible for JEE advanced 2017?
How does the ban on 500 and 1000 rupee notes helps to identify black money and corruption?	Is scrapping old 500 and 1000 rupees notes and releasing new 500 and 2000 rupees notes a permanent solution for eradication of black money?
How can we earn money online without investment?	What are the easiest ways to earn money online?
How can I go to Google Summer of Code?	How should I prepare right from first year to crack Google Summer Of Code?
How do I find out if my partner is having an extra marital affairs?	How do I find out if my husband is having an affair?
What are some effective remedies for acne scars?	What is the most effective treatment for acne scars?
Will people vote for Hillary Clinton because she is a woman?	Why do some voters intend to vote for Hillary Clinton mainly because she is a woman? What ever happened to "Don't judge someone just by their gender"?
How do you combat mental fatigue?	How can I deal with brain fatigue?
What are your fav Slayer album?	What is the best Slayer album?
How do I prepare for MBBS first year?	What are some study plans for the MBBS 1st year?
How will the GST bill affect common men and the country? What are its pros and cons?	What are the benefits of GST bill for common peoples?
What issues are common among Maytag refrigerators with ice makers?	What issues are common among Maytag refrigerators with ice makers? How can they be fixed?
What are some mind blowing camping tools that exist that most people don't know about?	What are some mind-blowing Camping gadgets that most people don't know about?
Super Smash Bros. Brawl: What is the best Jigglypuff strategy?	Super Smash Bros. Brawl: What is the best strategy against Jigglypuff?
How can I make a schedule?	How do I customize my daily schedule?
How do I get pregnant just after my periods?	Can a woman get pregnant three days into her cycle?
Why do many distrust Hillary Clinton?	What are the reasons that people dislike Hillary Clinton?
Is there any proof of the existence of aliens? Has anyone seen aliens?	What is the best evidence for the existence of aliens?
How should I start writing blogs?	How can I start writing blog?
Who is the most popular writer at Quora?	Who is the most popular writer on Quora?
What kind of guys are most Aussie girls attracted to?	What kind of men are most Aussie girls attracted to?
What's so bad about women showing their bra straps?	Why is it bad for women to show their bra straps?
How were Italian homes built during the Renaissance period?	How were Italian homes during the Renaissance period?
Is English the official national language of India?	Is English India's official language?
Which is the best phone under 15000 Rs.?	What is the best phone I can buy under the price of 15000?
What are the prospect reasons of Cyrus Mistry being fired by TATA sons?	Why did Tata group fire Cyrus Mistry from chairman post?
What are some methods to overcome the fear of success?	How can I overcome my fear to success?
How do I get access to my spouse phone without touching it?	How could you hack someones phone without touching it?
What are some of the best Hollywood movies to watch?	Which are the best Hollywood movies of all time?
How do I find who just called from a private number?	How can I find out who called me from an unknown "No Caller ID" private number?
Why is my period 8 days late?	What could cause your period to be 14 days late other than pregnancy?
What is artificial intelligence and what is the need of it?	Why do we need artificial intelligence ?
What is the best way to improve on English spellings?	How can I improve my English spelling?
What are common mistakes people make that mess up their lives?	What are the common mistakes people make that ruin their lives?
How can one earn money on Quora?	How can I earn money through Quora?
Is iPhone 5s compatible for Jio VoLTE app?	Does iPhone 5S support JIO VoLTE?
What is the best question one has ever come across in Quora?	What are some best questions posted in Quora?
How do I flush my system of meth in 24 hrs?	Can I get meth out of my system in 24 hours?
Can we use Jio sim in 3G phone?	How can I use Jio sim in 3G Micromax A102?
Who is better Trump or Clinton?	Would Mr. Donald Trump be a better president than Hillary Clinton?
What skills are required to work in a hedge fund?	What skills do I need to work at a hedge fund?
Why do Indians keep deleting the true and factual comments about India in Quora?	Why do Indians keep deleting factual and true comments about India in Quora?
What is the best way to reduce belly and arm fat?	How should I get rid of belly fat?
What are the theories as to what happens after death?	Can we ever know if there is life after death?
How do I create an Apple ID or iTunes ID without having a credit card?	How do you make an Apple ID without a credit card?
What is the best thing to do on weekend?	What are the best things to do on a weekend?
How can I forget about a friend?	How do I forget my friend?
What is the best beer?	What are some of the best beers in the world?
How do you get rid of a addiction?	How does anyone get rid from any addiction?
How can I learn about python on my own?	How do I learn Python systematically?
Is there any website where I can talk online to a psychologist for free?	Where can I chat with a psychologist online for free?
How do we know if the surgical strikes by India in POK are real and not a misinformation?	What is the evidence of purported surgical strikes by India on Pakistan?
Who viewed my profile on Instagram?	Can people see if you have viewed their instagram?
Which is the best way to learn hacking just as a hobby?	What is the best possible way for learning hacking?
What is the easy way to make money online?	How do we make money online?
How is life of a young IFS officer?	How is the life of IFS Officer?
What are the ways to join the Indian armed forces as an officer in final year of graduation and after that (especially engineering)?	How can i join Indian Armed Forces?
What are the easiest way to make money online?	What is the easiest and most profitable way to make money online?
How can I get meth out of my system in two days?	Is there any pill you can buy to flush meth out of your system for a drug test?
Is World War III coming?	Are we heading toward World War 3?
What are the best IT schools in Australia?	Which are the best IT colleges in Australia?
How many people live in China?	How many people are in China?
Why are you feeling happy today?	Are you feeling happy today? Why?
How can I improve my c programming skills?	What can I do to improve my programming skills in c language?
Why is it so hard to write an essay?	How do I write an essay in English?
How can I recover my Gmail forgot my password and recovery no?	How do I reset my Gmail password when I forgotten it?
What is the difference between boeing and airbus?	What standard attributes distinguish a Boeing aircraft from an Airbus?
Will banning 500 and 1000 notes can stop the black money?	How banning 500 and 1000 rs note will help fight corruption in India?
How do you use good looks to your advantage?	How can I use my good looks?
How do I improve my English speaking?	How should I improve my english communication skills?
What is the best way of marketing for an android game?	How do I market my Android game?
What are the top 10 richest countries in the world?	Who are the poorest and wealthiest countries in the world?
What are code share flights?	What does code sharing means?
What would be the best way to control anger?	How can we control anger?
How do I stop my Pit Bull/English Bulldog mix from biting my shoes?	How do I stop my Yorkie/Corgi mix from chewing my shoes?
How do I get into Stanford with a poor GPA? B *	How can I get to Stanford with a poor GPA?
How do you fix a Whirlpool washing machine that won't drain?	Why is my Whirlpool washer not draining? How do I fix it?
How can I lose 30 pounds in 30 days with a workout plan?	What is the best diet to lose 30 pounds in a month?
Which books are the best for beginners to learn Python 3?	What is the best book for learning Python easily?
What is the fastest way to lose fat and keep it off?	What is the fastest way to lose weight?
How does venture capital work?	How does the venture capital industry work?
What is the syllabus for electronics and communication in SBI and IBPS SO Assistant Manager (system) exam?	What is the syllabus for electronics and communication in SBI and IBPS SO Assistant manager (system)?
Where can I get best churros in Delhi?	Where can you get the best churros in Delhi?
Where can buy kobo glow EReader in India?	Where can I buy Kobo eReaders in India?
How can I learn better in school/ How can I get better grades in school?	How can one get better grades?
2. Is it possible or how difficult it is to get a job in Australia by applying from India after getting the Australian PR in section 189/190?	Is it possible or how difficult it is to get a job in Australia by applying from India after getting the Australian PR in section 189/190?
What is the best mobile below a 10k range in India?	What is the best mobile in the range of 10k in India?
What did you learn from college?	What can we learn from college?
How is India preparing for an upcoming water crisis? Are the people and politicians atleast aware of it?	Is India doing anything to prepare for the imminent water crisis?
How can I make money online with no investment and little effort?	How can I make good money online with little to no investment?
What is the weirdest date you have been on?	What was the weirdest first date you have ever had?
How do I think positive in life?	What is the best way to a positive life?
How can I start learning Python's language?	How can I start learning the developing of websites using Python?
What should I do now with my love life?	What should I do now in my love life?
What are the best books on 'Learning How to Learn'?	What are the best books to learn how to learn?
Is it worth buying the iPhone 7?	Is it worth to buy an iPhone 7?
How do you get over social anxiety?	How can I get over social anxiety?
How can one become a successful entrepreneur?	How can one be an entrepreneur?
How much amount of rainfall are there all over the world?	What's the average amount of rainfall throughout the world?
How do I know if I'm pregnant?	How do you know I'd your pregnant?
Why do people think Trump is racist?	Why do some people say that Donald Trump is racist?
What are some mind blowing bike tools that most people should have?	What are some mind blowing bike inventions technology that most people don't know about?
Which is the best Smartphone under INR 15000 ?	Which is the best smartphone in India under Rs 15000?
How do I improve search engine ranking?	What is the best way to improve search engine ranking?
What is the role of the queen in the UK government?	What role does the Queen of England play in the UK government?
How much score is required for PTE Academic for an Australian PR with an experience of 3 years?	What is the exact score required in PTE to obtain a PR invitation for Australia?
How can we make a model of a rocket?	How do I make a model of a rocket?
What would happen when I die?	What happens to us when we die?
Where can I sell my idea?	Where can I sell entrepreneur ideas?
What is the worst thing you saw your kids do that you wish you had never seen?	What is one thing you caught your son doing that you wish you had never seen?
How do I improve English in a non-English-speaking environment?	How can I learn to speak English well in a non English environment?
What is the reason behind headaches?	What is the actual reason of headaches?
Most of my questions are marked as needing improvement. Where can I seek professional help?	Do people see questions that are marked as needing improvement?
Which is the best movie download site?	What are the best sites to download movies from?
Which is best affordable camera to start photography?	What is the best camera for a photography starter at an affordable price?
Which are best music albums?	What are some of the best music albums (or) songs?
How is the Catholic Bible different from the Protestant Bible?	Is protestant Bible the same as the Catholic Bible?
What can I do to increase my IQ?	What shall I do to improve my IQ?
How do I increase my confidence while public speaking?	How can I gain confidence in public speaking?
Why is Spotify not available in India?	Daniel Ek: What are the hardships for Spotify to be launched in India?
What is the best CPM ad network?	What are the best CPM ad networks?
Why can someone ask questions with extremely long details on Quora?	How do I add long details to my Quora question?
How will you explain the difference between getters and setters and constructors in Java to a beginner?	How do you explain getters and setters in Java to a beginner?
What are the best Smartphones tech gadgets?	What are some mind blowing smartphones gadgets?
Which are the best Linux distros for an individual user?	What's the best Linux operating System distro for beginners?
What is a good investment?	What's the best investment?
How does the demonetisation of 500 and 1000 INR notes impact the Dollar to INR rate?	Will the value of rupee increase after the 500 and 1000 rupees notes are banned?
How can I grow a beard faster?	How can I grow my beard faster and thicker?
What's a good way to promote an Etsy shop?	What are some good ways to promote my Etsy shop?
How can I make my penis big and long?	How can I have a big penis?
Do you believe in ghosts?	Do you believe ghosts exist?
How can I speak English like natives?	How I can improve my English communication?
Which are Must watch Bollywood movie for students?	Which are must watch Bollywood movies for the students?
Who is better Donald Trump or Hillary Clinton and why?	Who is the better candidate for being the President of the United States of America: Hillary Clinton or Donald Trump?
How would I go about creating a new religion?	What is the way to start/create a new religion?
How do I reduce face fat?	How can I lose my face fat?
How does it feel to have sex with a stranger?	How is it like to have sex with a stranger?
Why was Cyrus Mistry removed from the chairmanship of Tata Sons?	What was the reason behind the removal of Cyrus P. Mistry from the position of Chairman of The Tata group?
What are the differences between Chinese culture and western culture?	What are the major differences between Chinese and western culture?
If it's true that humans evolved from monkeys why is that all monkeys are not evolved yet?	If humans evolved from monkeys then why are monkeys still around?
Do Mermaids really exist? Has anybody seen them?	Reasons why mermaids don't exist?
What is your favorite animal? Why?	What are your favorite animals and why?
How can I find out if my girlfriend is on dating sites?	How do I find out if my husband is dating anyone online?
What is Mother Teresa's greatest accomplishment?	What were Mother Teresa's contribution to society?
How does one become an actor?	How should I become an actor?
What is the sum of [math]\frac{1}{1-\sqrt{2}}\div\frac{1}{1-\sqrt{2}}\div\frac{1}{1-\sqrt{2}}\div\frac{1}{1-\sqrt{2}}\div\ldots[/math] up to 100 terms?	What is the value of [math]\frac{1}{1-\sqrt{2}}\div\frac{1}{1-\sqrt{2}}\div\frac{1}{1-\sqrt{2}}\div\frac{1}{1-\sqrt{2}}\div\ldots[/math] up to 100 terms?
Will Clinton or Trump be the next president of the USA?	Who will be the president of usa?
Why do eyes blink?	Why do our eyes blink?
Why was the Cold War fought? Who was involved?	Where and why was the Cold War fought?
What is the fastest way to lose 30 pounds in 1 month?	What is the best way to lose 30 pounds in 1 month?
What are the things that make you cry?	What are some things that make you cry easily?
What should we learn from movie "Dear Zindagi"?	What can we learn from the movie "Dear Zindagi"?
What do you think of the move of banning 500 and 1000 rupee notes in India (Nov 2016)?	What do you think of the decision by the Indian government to demonetize 500 and 1000 rupee notes?
What are some of the top paying career options after doing a B.Tech in mechanical engineering?	Is CAT after b.tech in mechanical engineering useful?
Has anyone had success using onion juice for hair growth?	How do I use onion juice for hair growth?
How would you describe the eukaryotic cell cycle?	What is the eukaryotic cell cycle?
Why is GST amendment a gamechanger for Indian Economy?	How is GST beneficial for the country? How would it help to improve the country's economy?
What are the best movies ever irrespective of genre?	What are the 5 best movies of all time?
How do I improve my pronunciation in English?	I want to improve my English?
How can you use tacky glue on fabric?	Can I use tacky glue on fabric?
Is there a difference between mughals and Muslims?	What is the difference between Muslims and Mughals?
How do price comparison sites get their data?	How do price comparison websites get their data from merchants?
What is the best kept secret?	What was the best kept secret ever ?
How do satellites send back signals to earth?	How do satellites send pictures back to earth?
How do I upload YouTube videos which have copyright issues if I want to monetize them?	How can I upload anime on YouTube without copyright issue?
What is a good question to ask Quora?	Which is the best question you've read on Quora?
Are REITS a good long-term investment and why?	Are REITs a good investment?
Which is the best book for the image processing?	What is the best book for image processing?
What is the Impact of demonetization in India?	What are the macroeconomic impacts of demonetization of high value currency in India?
Is PM Modi selling India to foreign hands?	Is Modi selling India to foreign companies in the name of development?
Which is the best smartphone within 15k?	What is the best phone to buy below 15k?
What is the best way to forget the past?	How can I forget the past?
How I can improve my English communication?	How will I improve my spoken English?
How will I improve my spoken English?	HOw do I speak Fluent English?
Why is the government abruptly banning the 500 Rupees and the 1000 rupees currency notes in India?	What do you think of the decision by the Indian Government to replace 1000 notes with 2000 notes?
How can I learn the cello?	What is the best way to learn cello?
How do I get over my shame and regret?	How can you get rid of shame and guilt?
What are the best civil engineering companies?	What are the best companies to get if you are a civil engineer?
How do I stop caring about what people think about me?	How can I stop myself from being affected by what other people think about me?
What are the best resources to learn programming at its core?	What are the best resources to learn programing?
Is LinkedIn a good acquisition for Microsoft?	Is Microsoft's LinkedIn acquisition the best tech acquisitions of all time? Why or why not?
How do you master reset a Dell laptop?	How do I factory reset my Dell laptop to factory settings?
Do you think world war 3 is coming?	Do you think world war 3 is near?
What are some of the weirdest questions you have seen on Quora?	What are some of the weirdest questions asked in Quora?
Who's the fictional character that you find yourself most like?	What fictional character reminds you most of yourself?
What are the best Technology inventions available?	What are the best inventions and technology?
When is the new MacBook Pro rumored to release?	Are there any rumours about when a new MacBook Pro 15" could be released?
Which ways to boost my Twitter?	How do you boost your Twitter followers?
What are celebrities like in real life?	How are celebrities in real life?
Why is Quora not rolling out an option on the website as well as app for the night mode?	Why doesn't Quora have a night mode?
What we use autocad for?	What is AutodCAD used for?
How do I start my first business?	How do you exactly start a business?
If I buy a pirated DVD of a game and a win rar file of the DVD is corrupt how should I fox it offline?	If I buy a pirated DVD of a game and a win rar file of the DVD is corrupt how should I fix it offline?
Who is the worst Actor in Bollywood at present time?	Who is the worst actor of Bollywood?
Do you how do you get meth out of your system?	How do I get meth out of my system in 3 days?
Which country has the best education system and why?	Which country has best education system?
What is reliance jio?	What actually is Jio?
What are some of your New Year's resolutions for 2017?	What are some of the best New Years resolutions for 2017?
What is the most interesting question you've been asked in an interview?	What are some interesting questions asked in an interview?
How can I know that I am in love with a girl?	When do you know that you are in love?
Is 10mbps bandwidth enough for 100 users?	Is 12mbps shared bandwidth enough for 100 users?
Why do people ask so many Googleable questions on Quora?	Why do so many people ask questions on Quora.com when they could easily find the answers themselves online?
What are some unknown facts about Bollywood?	What are the some amazing facts about a Bollywood movie?
How do I score 20/20 in ICSE geography topo?	How do I score full marks in topography geography ICSE?
Is it true that cats are afraid of cucumbers?	Are cats scared of cucumbers?
Are smartphones a boon or bane?	Are smartphones boon or bane to the society?
What is the fastest way to lose weight successfully?	How can someone lose weight quickly?
Why Spotify is not available in India?	When will Spotify launch it's services in INDIA?
When do gay people realize they are gay?	Who made you realize you were gay?
How do I stop procrastination?	How can one stop procrastinating COMPLETELY?
Why do so many Americans have such white teeth?	Why do Americans have such white teeth?
How can I build a churn prediction model on telecom customer data?	How do I build a churn prediction model on telecom customer data?
Will international college students be negatively affected if Trump becomes president?	Will foreign students studying in the USA be unwelcomed after Donald Trump is elected as president?
Is there any chance that Donald Trump will win this election?	Is Donald Trump going to be the next US President?
What are the best way of loose the weight?	What is the best way to be in a calorie deficit and lose weight successfully?
Should Hillary Clinton be president?	What do you think of Hillary Clinton becoming president?
Is Arvind Kejriwal's party justified in saying “An MLA is more important than a dying patient “ ?	Is Arvind Kejriwal's Aam Aadmi Party justified in saying “An MLA is more important than a dying patient “?
How do you get out of Quora?	How do get out of Quora?
What was the first thing you noticed about India when you visited the country?	What is the best thing about India you noticed as a foreign traveller?
What is the best way to get a working visa for USA?	What is the easiest way to get the visa to go to USA?
How is the Modi government faring at the national level? What changes has it brought about after coming to power?	Are there any changes that you have observed in your vicinity sonce the Modi Government has come into power?
Why was MLC dissolved in tamilnadu?	When and why was the MLC dissolved in Tamil Nadu?
Why do we yawn when we're bored?	Why do I yawn when I was bored?
What was your closest call with death?	What is the closest call you have ever had with death?
How can you overcome a writer's block? (songwriting)	What do you do when you have writers block?
What Is a Biblical Principle?	What are biblical principles?
Can I see who viewed my videos on Instagram?	How can I see who views my Instagram?
When do we use "to" and "for"?	When do we use "for" and "to"?
What makes India different from all other countries in the world?	What are the things that separate India from other countries making it unique in that special way?
Where should I start learning C?	How and where do I start learning C programming?
What would be the best day of your life?	What was the best day of your life? Why?
Is it fine to have sex before marriage?	Is it right to have sex before marriage?
I have forgotten my password for Facebook and no primary email and phone is added to my account. How can I get access to my account?	I forgot my Facebook password and email password. How can I log into Facebook?
How is it to meet Narendra Modi?	What is like to meet Narendra Modi?
How can you deactivate a Zoosk account?	How do you remove a Zoosk account?
How do I overcome the feeling of regret?	How do you overcome this feeling of regrets?
How do we judge ourselves?	How do I judge myself?
What is the difference between microcontrollers such as the arduino and raspberry pi?	Should I get a Arduino or Raspberry pi?
How can you improve your communication skill?	What is the best way to improve our communication skills?
Why should The Catcher in the Rye be banned?	Why was The Catcher in the Rye banned for so long?
What programming languages should be learned to become best programmer?	What are the best programming languages for beginners and why?
How do I prepare for INS 21?	How do I can prepare for the Ins 21 exam?
Who is going to win the 2016 US presidential election? Why?	Who will win the Election? Trump or Clinton?
What is life like in an Indian prison?	What was like to be in Indian prison?
What are some questions on Quora that have hundreds of followers but no answers or few unsatisfactory answers?	What are some Quora questions with lots of followers and no great answers?
What are the easiest ways to make good money using the Internet?	How could I make money online?
How do I stop being insecure ?	How do I stop my insecurities?
Why do athletes bite their medals?	Olympic Games: Why do winners bite their medals?
How important is sex in relationship?	Is sex is required in relationship?
Does GSEB provide class 10 certificate?	Do GSEB provide class 10 certificate?
What does the MATLAB application do?	What are application of MATLAB?
What effects will Andrew Cuomo's visit to Cuba in 2015 have on Cuba and the U.S.?	What effects will Andrew Cuomo's visit to Cuba in 2015 have on real estate in Cuba and the U.S.?
Who are the best NBA teams?	Who is the best NBA team?
Why did Ravana have 10 heads?	Why does king Ravana have ten heads?
Why was India invaded by foreigners?	Why was India invaded so many times?
What are the best programming languages?	What is the best programming language ever built?
What is the best mba college?	Where is the best MBA college?
Which is the best phone to buy under 15000?	Android phone is best up to range of 15000?
How will I read my friend's WhatsApp texts without touching her phone?	How can I read my husbands secret WhatsApp messages without using his phone?
How do you change an SBI registered mobile number?	How do I change my SBI register mobile number?
What are the best ways to come up with the best startup ideas?	How can I come up with good startup ideas?
How can I get saved wifi password?	How do you see a saved wifi password?
Why is information important?	How information is important?
How can I register for NTSE exam (I am currently in class 10)?	When will the NTSE exam of class 10 will be held class 2016?
Has someone taken the 98-379 software testing fundamentals? How should I prepare for it? What is all about it?	How do I pass 98-379 software testing fundamentals?
How do I avoid spelling mistakes in English?	How can we improve our English and avoid spelling mistakes?
What's your favorite color?	What are your favorite colors?
Why do objects with mass warp space-time?	What causes mass to warp space time?
What will really happen when the Yellowstone supervolcano erupts?	What would happen if the Yellowstone supervolcano erupted today?
What is the best birthday wish ever?	What is the best birthday wishes?
What are your top 5 movies for 2016?	What are the top 10 movies of 2016 (any genre)?
Why do many distrust Hillary Clinton?	Why do so many people dislike Hillary Clinton?
Who would play you in a movie of your life?	Who would play you in the movie of your life?
Should states be allowed to secede?	Should US states have the right to secede?
Which is the best comedy movie?	What is the best comedy movie ever?
Should India declare war against Pakistan as they are spreading terrorism in India?	Should India declare a war against Pakistan now?
What's the best way to buy a good second hand car?	What's the best way to buy a used car?
How many versions of Quran are there in this world?	How many version of Quran exist now?
Why do some people hate Microsoft?	Why do people hate Microsoft?
What were the causes and effects of the Boxer Rebellion?	What was the purpose of the Chinese Boxer Rebellion and what were its causes and effects?
How can I permanently delete my question from Quora? Can deleting the profile help?	How do I delete a question from Quora?
Would Donald Trump make a good U.S president? Why or why not?	Will Donald Trump be a good President?
My boyfriend is ignoring me. What to do?	My boyfriend started ignoring me for no reason. What should I do?
Who is the top 10 best astrologer?	Who are top 10 world famous astrologers?
Should I do mba in India or abroad?	Which will be better MBA from India or from abroad in case of placements?
Which is the best Institute in Chandigarh for IAS?	Which is the best Institute in Chandigarh for ias preparation?
What are the best online coding schools available?	Which is the best one on one online coding school?
What Govt. will do with the collected old 500 and 1000 rupees notes?	What will govt will do with those old 500 n 1000 notes?
What are some of the best phones gadgets?	What are some of the best mobile technology gadgets?
What is the best time to have fruits?	What is the best time of the day to eat fruits?
Is scrapping old 500 and 1000 rupees notes and releasing new 500 and 2000 rupees notes a permanent solution for eradication of black money?	How is black money curbed with the ban of 1000 rupee notes and introducing new 500 and 2000 rupee notes?
How can India completely take back Pakistan Occupied Kashmir?	How can we take back Pakistan and China occupied kashmir?
How do startups attract their first customers?	How do successful startups attract customers?
How can you breed a Malamute/Husky mix?	How do you breed a Malamute/Husky mix?
What was it like to be pregnant?	How it feels to be pregnant?
After how many dates can you expect sex?	After how many dates should a couple progress to sex?
Which are the best Android games?	What are the best and most addicting Android games?
What do Chinese think about India?	What do Chinese people think about Indians?
How do I prepare myself for my first half marathon?	How can an occasional runner train for a half marathon?
How do I stop caring about other people's opinions?	How can I stop caring too much about other people's opinions?
Who suggested Narendra Modi to stop the circulation of Rs 500 and Rs 1000 notes?	Why do you think Indian government has demolished RS 500 and RS 1000 notes?
How can one earn money on Quora?	Is it possible to make money as a user on Quora?
Do black holes exist?	What are black holes? Do they really exist? How are they formed?
What are the difference between input devices and output devices? What are some examples?	What are some examples of different input devices and output devices?
What is some product or service that you think could easily be improved and how would you improve it?	What is a product you think is marketed well? How would you improve it?
Will there be a World War III soon?	How close is a World War III?
What are some reasons why your iPod Touch wont turn on or charge?	Why is my iPod Touch not turning on?
What are the negative side effects to musturbating?	What are the negative side effects of masturbation?
Which is the best course for digital marketing?	Which is the best platform to learn online and get knowledge + certification for Digital Marketing or every course in general?
How I will become successful in my life?	How do I get success in life?
Why hasn't Christopher Nolan won an Oscar award?	Why hasn't Christopher Nolan won an Oscar?
Will companies like Google and Microsoft take masters from less developed countries or local universities in my country?	Will companies like Google and Microsoft take masters from less developed countries or local universities?
Why are all the planets and moons round?	Why are planets spherical?
Are iPhones more secure than Android phones?	Which is more secure: Android or iOS?
How do I get over a break up?	What else can I do to get over a breakup?
What can I do to improve my question on Quora?	How can I be a better person and improve my questions on Quora?
How would an enemy aircraft surrender/defect?	How do aircraft pilots surrender?
How can green tea help you reduce belly fat?	How does green tea burn belly fat?
How do I delete Instagram without email or password?	How do I delete an Instagram account without password or email?
What is the thesis?	What is thesis?
How do I score good marks in exams?	How can I get good marks on my exam?
How do i treat milia under the eyes?	How do I treat Milia under the eyes naturally?
What is epithelial tissue? What are some examples?	What are some examples of epithelial tissues?
How can I slowly lose weight?	How can I lose post marriage weight?
Is it possible to block ads in Android apps?	Is it possible to remove ads from any Android apps?
How do I think like Sherlock Holmes?	Is it really possible to think like Sherlock Holmes?
How safe is Airbus Air-Crafts as compared to Boeing Air-Crafts?	How do the safety records of Boeing aircraft and Airbus aircraft compare?
Can I earn money online?	What's the easiest way to make money online?
Why do women have sex with men for? Why can't they stop because the planet is over populated and we need no kids? Stop close legs and use condoms?	Why do women have sex with men for? Why can't they stop because the planet is over populated and we need no kids? Stop ladies?
Is the second coming near?	Will the second coming of Jesus happen in the near future?
What causes empathy?	What empathy?
How do I learn anything properly?	How do I learn properly?
How was the Tor Browser created and how is it functioning as a private browser?	What is the function of Tor browser?
Why is Donald Trump nasty and why do people actually like him?	Why do so many people want to vote for Donald Trump?
What are things people love about Indians?	What are some of the things people like about Indians?
How do I apply for a specific license?	How do I apply for license?
What will happen to international students in the US if Donald Trump becomes president?	Should I consider NOT pursuing masters (MS) in US if Donald Trump becomes the President?
Why are they so many Indians on Quora?	Why are there so many Indians answering on Quora?
Does the law of attraction really work?	How does law of attraction work with fate?
How do I get rid of pimples permanently?	How do I get rid of scalp acne?
Can drinking too much coffee actually make you more tired?	Does coffee make you tired?
How can I change my life completely in the next 30 days?	How can one change his life in 30 days?
What programs can I use to hack a router username and password?	How do I hack my router's username and password?
What is an example of moral conflict?	What is a moral conflict? What are examples of this?
Why are people protesting Donald Trump? What do they expect to accomplish?	What are protesters hoping to accomplish by protesting the win of President Donald Trump?
When did Hinduism become a religion?	When did Hinduism become a religion from a philosophy?
What is the heaviest element?	What is the heaviest element in universe?
What is primary purpose of life?	What actually is the purpose of life?
How can you determine how much blood you can donate?	How much blood can a human donate in a day?
How can I stop my dog from chewing my shoes?	How do I get my dachshund to stop chewing furniture?
Are popperism or logical positivism descriptive and normative theories of science.?	Are popperrism logical positivism descriptive and normative theories of science?
Is silverlight dying?	Is SilverLight dead?
What is the difference between entrepreneurs and entrepreneurship?	What is the difference between entrepreneurship and entrepreneur?
What can I eat every day to be more healthy?	Is eating the same thing every day healthy?
What is the difference between a cosmopolitan city and a metropolitan city?	What's the difference between cosmopolitan and metropolitan?
Has anyone had success bidding jobs on thumbtack.com?	Has anyone had success using Thumbtack.com? If yes or no will you be so kind as to elaborate?
How do I find cheapest business class tickets for two?	What is the cheapest way to purchase business class tickets for your air travel?
How can I stop being bothered about other people's success?	What are some ways to stop caring about other peoples' success?
What existed before the universe?	What was there before the "beginning"?
What is the embarrassing of your life?	What is your most embarrassing moment ever?
What is your review of movie shivaay?	What are your views on upcoming movie Shivaay?
Is there any way I can track a lost iPhone 4s using imei code?	How can I find my lost device with imei number?
Are Persians considered Caucasian?	Are Persians White?
What are examples of barriers of communication?	What are some examples of barriers in communication?
Which is the best platform to learn online and get knowledge + certification for Digital Marketing or every course in general?	Which are the best online courses on digital marketing in India?
How do I build a self confidence?	How do I build more confidence?
How do you make particular girl like you?	How can you make a girl like you?
What are the advantages of being lonely?	What is the advantages of lonely?
What makes you want to vote for Hillary Clinton?	Why should I vote for Hillary instead of why I shouldn't vote for Trump?
How would I dress like it's the year 1990 if I'm a guy?	How do I possibly dress like it's the year called 1990 if I'm a guy?
Is a 13 cm penis considered small?	I am 20 and my penis is 13 cm. is it considered small and will it grow bigger?
How do I create my blog on Quora?	How to creat a blog on quora?
How do I block certain people on Quora?	How do you block someone on Quora?
Is it possible for antibiotics to cause acne?	How could antibiotics cause acne?
What are the safety precautions on handling shotguns proposed by the NRA in South Carolina?	What are the safety precautions on handling shotguns proposed by the NRA in New Hampshire?
What is the best book you read in 2016?	Which is the best book you read in 2016?
What is the funniest film?	What are some of the funniest movies?
How successful was the Delhi's Odd-even plan?	How would we know if Delhi's odd-even car rule experiment succeeded or failed?
Why is Quora biased against Donald Trump?	Why does Quora fail to recognize Donald Trump success?
How do you plot fractions on a graph?	How can I plot fractions on a graph?
Would you vote for Donald Trump as president?	Why should I vote for Hillary Clinton over Donald Trump?
How do I speak English fluently?	What are the best ways to speak English fluently?
Why won't my iPod Touch 4th Generation charge?	What can I do about an iPod that won't hold charge?
Why do some people get hiccups when they eat?	Why do I get hiccups after eating food everytime?
Is the rivalry between India and Pakistan ever going to end?	Will the conflict between India and Pakistan ever end?
What is something you regret buying?	Did you buy something and immediately after regret it? What was it and why?
How did you learn to speak English?	How can I improve my spoken English?
Why has Quora changed its font (in answers)?	Why has the font of Quora changed?
What is the difference between chopper and helicopters?	Is there a difference between a chopper and a helicopter?
How do I get a permanent residence in the US?	What is the easiest way to get a green card in the US?
What does the lock symbol with a circle around it on an iPhone mean?	What is the lock symbol button on my iPhone 4?
What are the funniest jokes of all times?	What are the best jokes ever?
What will happen if sun dies?	What happens to a planetary system when its sun dies?
Who would win a war between India and Israel? Why?	Who will win in the war between Israel and India?
What is the mathematical formula for the area of a circle? How is it applied?	What is the formula used to figure out the square feet of a circle?
What are things that America does well?	What are some things that America is doing well?
Which book is best to learn basic concepts of civil engineering?	What are the best websites and books for civil engineering from where one can learn the basics of civil engineering?
Why would Hillary Clinton start a war with Russia?	Do you realize if Clinton wins we will go to war with Russia? She will be the cause of ww3?
How do I retrieve my Gmail password?	How can I recover my Gmail account's password?
How do I become famous on musically?	How do I become famous on musical.ly?
Should I take SAT math subject test 1 or SAT math subject test 2?	Do I have to take both math 1 and math 2 SAT subject tests?
What are the safety precautions on handling shotguns proposed by the NRA in Alaska?	What are the safety precautions on handling shotguns proposed by the NRA in Michigan?
Who is the best author for the CAT preparation?	Which books author is best for CAT preparation?
What are the expected consequences of Declaring 500 and 1000 rupee notes as illegal?	What can be the possible effects of removing 500 and 1000 rupee currency notes?
Why is it important to protect endangered species?	Why do we care so much about saving endangered species?
How can you trace a phone call legally?	How can I trace a call?
Has China's one-child policy had eugenic effects?	Was China's one child policy effective?
Aren't we all just a little bit racist?	Is it true that we're all a little racist?
How do you factory reset a Dell computer?	How do you restore a Dell Inspiron B130 to the factory settings?
What is the best language to learn programming?	What is the best programming language one must learn to stay updated today?
Do you think Eminem is the greatest rapper to touch the mic?	Is eminem the greatest rapper of our age?
What is the best way to make tertiary/university education free in a developing country such as South Africa?	How can free tertiary (university) education for a developing country like South Africa be funded?
Why are men cheats?	Why men cheat?
Why is the country of Turkey not called Turkistan?	Why is Turkey not called something like "Turkistan"?
What would be Hillary clinton's policy on India?	What will be Hillary Clinton's strategy for India if she becomes US President?
Why are so many people obsessed with the flat Earth theory?	Why do some people think Earth is flat?
What do you think about RBI's new move of banning 500 and 1000 notes?	What do you think about ban on Rs. 500 and Rs. 1000 currency notes?
How is black money curbed with the ban of 1000 rupee notes and introducing new 500 and 2000 rupee notes?	How banning 500 and 1000 rupee can affect black money?
How I verify Facebook account with my new phone number?	How do I verify my Facebook account and send the code to my new phone number?
How do I grow my bread?	How can I grow my beard?
How does Quora determine how many views an answer gets?	How are Quora views counted?
How can you increase your height?	How do I increase height after puberty?
Who will win the two thousand sixteen U S presidential election and why?	Who is most likely to win the U.S. presidential election and why?
What is the craziest thing your girlfriend have done for you?	What is the craziest thing your girlfriend did for you?
Why do some people today still believe that the Earth is flat? What evidence has convinced them that this is so?	Why do some people currently believe the earth is flat?
What are some good undervalued stocks to buy right now?	What stock should I buy right now?
Do forex robots really work?	Do forex robots work?
What are amino acids?	What is amino acid?
What does Richard Muller think of the documentary "Before the flood"?	What does Richard Muller think of Before the Flood Documentary?
How were Naruto Shippuden story arcs built differently than Dragon Ball?	How were Naruto Shippuden story arcs built differently than Dragon Ball Super?
What are some alternatives to college?	What are some alternatives to going to university/college?
How can I increase my website page rank?	How do I increase page rank of website?
How important was recognition and fame to scientists and inventors who are considered geniuses today?	How important was recognition to scientists and inventors who are considered geniuses today?
How does the evolution theory explain genders?	How does evolution explain the origin of two genders?
Can we earn money through Quora?	How can we earn from Quora?
How will Donald Trump becoming a president affect the Indian students who are trying to pursue their masters in America?	How is Trump becoming the president affect the Indians applying for an MS in the US (Mech)?
Do we really need reservation system in India?	Why do we have reservation in India? And why don't we understand it?
How do i overcome failure in love?	How do I overcome the failure of my first love?
What are countries in western point of the world?	What is the list of western countries in the world?
What is the salary of an Indian president?	What is the salary of indian president?
What is Hillary Clinton's policy towards India-US relations?	What is Hillary Clinton's foreign policy outlook with regard to India?
Is "Can't Help Falling In Love" the same tune as "Eres Tu"?	Is the song "Can't Help Falling In Love" the same tune as "Eres Tu"?
How do I permanently get rid of my unibrow?	How can I permanently get rid of my unibrow?
How can I became an entrepreneur? I am studying in class 12 right now	How can I become an entrepreneur as I am studying in class -12 right now?
What's the future of Julian Assange?	What is the likely future of Julian Assange after the election?
What does it mean when a girl sends mixed signals?	Why is this girl sending me mixed signals?
What are the best new car products or inventions that most people don't know about?	What are some mind-blowing vehicle accessories that exist that most people don't know about?
How do I lose weight in 1 months?	How do I lose the most amount of weight possible in a one month period?
What were the achievements of Mother Teresa?	What were Mother Teresa's contribution to society?
Do you think caste based reservation is good for India?	Is reservation good for india? Doesn't it do injustice with generals?
What's the future of MLM companies in India?	What is the future of MLM in India?
What are the reasons behind the poor performance of India in Olympics?	What is the reason behind India's bad performance in Olympics?
Why does Quora regulate comments while sites like YouTube and Reddit allow freedom of speech?	Why does Quora allow downvoting valuable information if it believes in freedom of speech?
What are the requirements for setting up a solar power plant?	What are the basic requirements to start a solar power plant?
How do you invest $1000?	How should I invest 1000?
How can I speaking fluently speaking English?	What are some ways to improve English?
How do you make the best tequila shot?	How do you make tequila shots?
How can I improve my concentration to study?	How should I concentrate on my study?
Does the universe have a limit to its expansion?	Is there a limit for the expansion of the Universe?
What are the best things in Quora that some people don't know?	What are best things in Quora that are some people don't know ?
Does masturbating reduce testosterone levels?	Does masturbation lower testosterone levels?
What are some ways to hack a Facebook account?	How can I hack my friend's Facebook account?
Why can't US legalize prostitution but they can legalize gay marriage?	Why can't the US legalize prostitution but they can legalize gay marriage?
How do I overcome my pornography addiction?	How can I stop my porn addiction?
How do I start a web development business?	How do I start a web development businesses as a teenager?
How can you improve your communication skill?	How do I improve my communication skills in one month?
What is websites’ sitemap?	What is a sitemap?
How do I reduce belly fat that I had since young?	How do I reduce belly fat in minimal time?
Which is the best app for dating?	What dating app is the best?
How do you find someone phone by GPS?	How do you track someone by their phone?
How do I to score good marks in 12th boards?	How can we score excellent marks in class 12th board exams?
How does Quora make money?	How do Quora make money?
How does one recover from being burned out?	What is the best way to recover from burnout?
Who invented the light bulb? How did the idea come to them?	Who invented the light bulb? How did he invented it?
What was the best day of your life? What happened?	Which will be the best day of your life?
Why are there bones and fossils evidence of creatures that no longer exist?	Why are there bones and fossils evidence of creatures that no longer exist what happened to these creature?
How is Time Warner Cable set up?	How can I set up a Time Warner cable box?
How can I get lighter skin?	How do I lighten skin?
How can I become a licenced / certified / journeyman / electrician?	How can I become an electrician?
What are the safety precautions on handling shotguns proposed by the NRA in South Carolina?	What are the safety precautions on handling shotguns proposed by the NRA in Utah?
What should I do to earn money online?	What are the best ways to earn money from home?
Can I take an unopened Leatherman on an airplane in my carry-on?	Can I take my Leatherman Skeletool on an airplane?
How long does it take to learn Python?	How long does it take for a newbie to learn Python?
Why do people ask questions on Quora while They can get all the answers by Googling?	Why do people write questions on Quora that could be answered with a quick web search?
Is there any way to study organic chemistry?	What would be the best way of studying organic chemistry?
What should I do if I forgot my email and password for my snapchat?	I forgot my password and the email address I used to create my Snapchat account. How can I log in or at least change my email address or password?
Can you describe the best moment in your life?	What are the best moments of your life?
Why do some people use Quora when a dictionary or Google could be used instead?	Do people post questions in Quora just so that they can skip searching in Google for a few minutes?
What would happen if Donald Trump doesn't concede on election day if he loses the election in 2016?	What would happen if Donald Trump lost and refused to concede the election?
What is so great about Leonardo da Vinci?	What are the facts and fiction about Leonardo da Vinci?
What is configurational entropy?	What is the configurational entropy?
How can one prepare for entrance exam of top IBDP schools?	How do I prepare yourself for the IBDP school entrance exam?
Where is the best place to buy iPhone?	Where is the best place to buy the iPhone 6 Plus?
Why would I want a Raspberry Pi?	Why should I buy a Raspberry Pi?
Why don't all countries free North Koreans from dictatorship?	Why don't we invade North Korea?
How are dark rings formed around my neck?	What are dark rings around my neck formed of?
It is possible to travel by time?	Is it possible to travel time with real life?
What is the best free online IQ test?	What's a good online IQ test that does not charge you for your results?
What are the best brain teasers?	What are some great brain teasers?
Is 16 too late for the piano?	When is it too late to learn piano?
How do I track a criminal with is phone number?	Can someone track our location using our phone number?
What are the best weight loss foods?	What are the best foods for natural weight loss?
What's your favorite political joke?	What was your favorite political joke of all time?
Where can I found modern colours and textures for floor tiles in Sydney?	Where can I get designer collection of affordable floor tiles in Sydney?
What are the best C# books for beginners?	What's the best C# OOP book for beginners?
Have the Ancient Mayans been scientifically tested?	Have the Ancient Incans been scientifically tested?
How can I deal with stress and anxiety?	How do you deal with anxiety?
What are the best games for social situations?	What are the best games to play at parties?
How much of a profit are you supposed to give to an investor and keep?	How do you decide on how much shares to give your investor?
How good is iOS 10 photo tagging compared to Google photos?	How good really is iOS 10 photo tagging compared to Google photos?
How do I log in my Facebook account if you forgot your password?	How do I get into my Instagram if I forgot my email and my Facebook password?
Which is your favorite chocolate and Why?	What is your favorite chocolate and Why?
What was your biggest mistake?	What is your biggest mistake?
What are some of the best hangout places in Pune?	Which are some good places to hangout in Pune?
What are your religious beliefs and why do you hold these beliefs?	What are your religious beliefs?
Where can I get best legal support for property transaction in Sydney?	Where can I get best assistance in Sydney for any property purchasing?
Do you think that military men and women should get paid more than celebrities?	Do you think Indian soldiers should be paid more than politicians?
How do you know if someone is lying to you?	How do I know that a person is lying to me?
How can I get the prisma effects in my android device?	How can I get the prisma app in my Android phone?
How can I become a great magician ever?	How can I be a great magician?
What is the concept behind phase angles in ac circuits?	What is phase angle in AC circuit?
What Quora is for?	What is Quora and how does it works?
How does Hawala work?	What is hawala transaction?
How do I score good marks in class 12 board exams?	How can I score good marks in class 12th board exams?
Should I buy a MacBook pro or wait for 2016 release?	Should I buy the new MacBook pro 2016 or the MacBook pro 2015?
What are the best digital marketing courses for mid-senior level marketing managers?	Which are the best online courses on digital marketing in India?
What are the possible options for India to deal with Uri terror attack?	What Should India do on Uri Attack?
What are some non-biodegradable materials?	What is the list of non-biodegradable materials? What makes them that way?
How many views and answers are required to become Top Writer in Quora?	How hard is it to become Top Question Writer on Quora?
Why doesn't Wikipedia just run ads?	Why does Wikipedia ask for donations rather than having ads?
Why did RBI issue new 2000 rupees note?	Why is the RBI issuing 2000 rupee notes?
What are the major differences between Chinese culture and Western cultures?	What are the major differences between Chinese and western culture?
How can I lose 30 pounds in 1 month? What are some tips?	What is the best diet to lose 30 pounds in a month?
Are HTTPS websites safe when accessed through open WIFI networks?	Is HTTPS safe enough when using unsecure wireless networks?
What are the safety precautions on handling shotguns proposed by the NRA in Rhode Island?	What are the safety precautions on handling shotguns proposed by the NRA in Hawaii?
Do you believe that Christopher Columbus was a Jew?	Was Columbus Jewish?
Why doesn't the DC current have frequency?	Why D.C doesn't have frequency?
Is it rude to use hand signs to get a waiter's attention?	Is it rude to raise your hand to get your server’s attention?
What were the consequences of the Persian Wars?	What were the consequences of the Persian War?
What is wrong with Indian education system? How can we improve it?	How can we improve India's current education system?
What is the best programming language for beginners to learn?	What is the best programming language I should start learning?
Is the new 2000 Rupee note really implementing NGC (Nano GPS Chip)?	Will the new Rs 2000 notes carry a nano GPS chip? Will it really Help?
How do I prepare comprehensively for the UGC NET English literature?	How do I prepare for the UGC NET English Literature at home?
What are the evidences that Lee Kuan Yew wasn't a dictator?	Was Lee Kuan Yew a benevolent dictator?
Should I use Whey protein or mass gainer to gain muscle as a hardgainer?	What Should I use a mass gainer or protein supplementry to gain muscles?
How do I learn the stock market?	What is the best way to learn about investing in the stock market and what stocks to buy?
Is Shopnix a better ecommerce portal or Shopify?	Is Shopnix a better ecommerce portal than Shopify?
Where can I get best support in Sydney for buying a property?	Where can I get best property transaction support in Sydney?
Which book is best for a GATE exam?	Which book is better for a GATE exam preparation?
Is there a chance that Donald Trump turns out to be a very good president?	Do you think Donald Trump will make a good U.S. President?
Why do I see questions with basic grammatical mistakes on Quora but some of my questions are marked as "needing improvement"?	Why do I always get a notification from Quora that my questions "need improvement"?
How can covalent bonds be described?	What is a Covalent bond?
How do I overcome erectile dysfunction due to over masturbation?	How do I cure erectile dysfunction or impotence?
How do we know that we're not living in a computer simulation?	In what ways could we definitively determine whether we're living in a computer simulation or not?
Which are the best websites to download Academic books for free?	Which is the best website to download academic books for free?
What do you think about Trump's choices for his cabinet?	What do you think about Trump's cabinet?
What is the best kitty photo have you ever snapped?	What is the best photo of your cat?
Can I prepare for the CA final group?	Ca final second group preparation strategy?
Why is only Mahatma Gandhi considered fit to be displayed on an Indian Rupee note?	Why do Indian Rupee notes only have a picture of Mahatma Gandhi?
What is hard drive?	What is a hard disk? What function does it have in a computer?
How does the outdoor furniture withstand UV?	How does outdoor furniture withstand UV light?
Is there any scientific evidence to support transgender identity?	What is the biological evidence evidence for transgender identity?
What is the role of automata in the compiler theory?	How is Automata theory used in compiler design?
What is the best horror movie?	What are some good horror movies?
Shall I learn Python or Java for a first language?	Python or Java which one to learn first?
What are best tips for weight loss?	What is the best way to be in a calorie deficit and lose weight successfully?
What is pepper spray and how does it work?	What is in pepper spray?
What are the best movies you ever watch?	What is best movies till date?
What are some of the best whatsapp status?	What are the best WhatsApp sttatus?
What was the best day of your life? What happened?	Can you share best day of your life?
Is Israel safe for travel?	How safe is Israel for travel?
What is in the centre of our galaxy?	What is at the center of a galaxy?
Who will win in America presidential elections in 2016?	Who do you think will win the 2016 Presidential Election?
Why are Russians obsessed with vodka?	Why do Russians drink so much Vodka?
How can the politics be study?	How the politics can be studied?
What is best career plan after completing graduation in b.tech (mechanical engineering)?	What fields can I enter after completing a B.Tech in mechanical engineering?
What makes Google more favorite than any other search engine?	What makes Google better than other search engines?
What is the best way to study for a JEE?	How should I study for JEE?
What is your review of Time Management?	What is your review of Time Managemnet?
How can I know that I am in love with a girl?	How do you know you're in love again?
How does someone become a top writer in Quora (criteria)?	How do you become a Top Writer on Quora for 2014?
How does a company verify your previous experience letter?	How company verify our previous experience letter?
What are your favorite Christmas traditions?	What are some of your favorite Christmas traditions?
Which is the best non fictional book you've ever read?	Which are the best non fiction books you have read?
How do I get rid of my belly fat?	What are the best cardio exercises for skinny people that have lower belly fat?
How does Whatsapp became popular than many other chatting apps without any advertisement?	How has WhatsApp become popular more quickly than any other real-time networking app?
What is the QuickBooks installation support phone number?	What is Quickbooks tech support number in Arizona?
What is the main reason for headache?	What is the actual reason of headaches?
What are the measures to stop moral policing in India?	How can we stop moral policing in India?
What is the best way to learn about Linux Operating System?	What ways are best to learn linux?
How can I download episode videos from voot app or hotstar?	How do I download episode from voot?
Which is the best mobile phone under rs 13000/-?	Which is the best phone available under Rs. 13000 in India in Dec 2016?
How do LED stumps in cricket work?	How does led cricket stumps work?
What is the past tense of meet?	What is the past tense of meet? How is it used?
How do I track my lost mobile using IMEI number?	Which software is used by cops to track phone calls using the IMEI or mobile number?
What are some interesting reactions of people who you know own black money after the ban on 500 and 1000 rupee notes?	How do people deal with black money because of the ban of 500 and 1000 rupee notes?
What happened during the Holocaust?	What was the Holocaust?
How can one learn a new language quickly?	What is the best way to learn any new foreign language?
What is best way to make money online?	How can i make money online easily?
Whom should one follow on Quora? And why?	Who do you suggest to follow on Quora and why?
Are there any countries that have their maps on currencies?	Are there any countries that have their maps on their currency?
How can you make a creative Humpty Dumpty costume?	What are some ways to make a Humpty Dumpty costume?
Where is the proof of alien life?	Is there any proof for the existence of extraterrestrials?
Should violent video games be banned?	Should violent video games be banned and why?
How do I get 1000 YouTube subscribers?	How do I get my first 1000 YouTube subscribers?
Were there really Adam and Eve?	Did Adam and Eve really exist?
Who will win the election? Donald Trump or Hillary Clinton?	Whom do you expect to become the next president of the USA: hillary Clinton or Donald Trump and why?
What should I study for LIC AAO interview?	What type of questions are asked in LIC AAO interview?
What is the best answer for tell me about your self in an interview?	What is the best answer for tell me about yourself in an interview?
What is the best Rock band ever?	What is the best rock band of all time?
What are the negative effects of using marijuana?	What are the negative effects of marijuana?
What are your New Year's resolutions for 2017?	What is your New Year's resolutions for 2017?
What is the best chocolate chip cookie recipe?	What are some good recipes for Chocolate Chip cookies?
What is a selfie stick and how does it work?	How does the selfie stick work?
What are ways I can make money online?	How do you make easy money online?
Daniel Ek: When an we expect Spotify in India?	When will Spotify arrive in India?
Is anyone feeling irritated by Quora?	Is anyone feeling irritated on Quora?
What is your opinion of the Ring programming language?	What do you think of the Ring programming language?
Is Bhutan an Indian protectorate?	Is Bhutan an Indian protectorate? If not why Bhutan is not free to made its foreign policy? If yes Why it didn't became part of India as Sikkim did?
On a general note Donald Trump is surely a smart man. How can he claim to be able to build his wall and moreover claim to make Mexico pay for it?	How will Donald Trump make Mexico pay for the wall? Why does it make sense that Mexico will pay? Will Mexico do it?
How is the formula of iron pyrite calculated?	How can you determine the formula for iron pyrite?
Examples of sole proprietorship? The	What are the examples of sole proprietorship business?
Why is America the best country in the world?	Is America the best country in the world?
How do I overcome existential depression?	How do I get over existential depression?
How do I master my subconscious mind?	Can I control subconscious mind?
What are the genuine way to earn money through online?	What is the best way to make money online legitimately?
What should we do after MBA?	What should I do after MBA?
Which team will Win the Premier League this season 2016–17?	Which team do you think will win the 2016/17 epl?
After JS what should we learn Node JS or Angular JS?	Should I learn Angular JS or Node JS?
How do I recover my Facebook account password without a recovery email or phone number?	I know the email account used for Facebook but I forgot my password and the phone number I used is no longer active. How do I recover it?
How should you treat black diarrhea?	How can you treat black diarrhea and vomiting?
What is a servo mechanism?	What is servo mechanism?
What will Google name their Android versions after they finish with the alphabet "Z"?	How would Google name their new Android OS after all letters are used till "Z"?
What are safe ways to colour your hair?	What are the safe ways to color your hair?
How do you decide what career is best for you?	What is the best way to decide what career to follow?
How do they know that quarks exist?	How do we know that quarks exist?
What are the postings under SSC?	Which posts are in SSC?
How can a woman rape a man?	Is it possible for a woman to rape a man?
How can we observe a person’s mood without asking any questions?	How can we observe a person’s mood without asking any question?
How do I recover my Gmail account password without a recovery email (forgot) or the security question when 2 step verification code is turned on?	I lost my password with my Gmail account. How do I reset it without the account recovery info?
How do I be mentally strong?	How do I become mentally strong?
What are the best things to do in San Francisco?	What's the best thing to do when in San Francisco?
Will NEET be easier than AIPMT?	Was NEET easier than AIPMT?
What is difference between frontend and backend in web developing?	What is difference between front end and back end web developer?
Is Shahrukh Khan's nature nice or not?	Is Shahrukh Khan's nature good?
How can I increase the muscles of my legs?	How can I increase leg muscles?
How do you know if you are a psychopath?	How can I find out if I'm a psychopath?
What are some of the wittiest pieces of sarcasm?	What are the wittiest pieces of sarcasm?
How do photons have colors?	How do photons create color?
Should there be a universal language?	Can there be a universal language?
Where can I find all my anonymous questions and answers on Quora?	Where can I find my anonymous questions and answers?
Does extraterrestrial life exist?	Is there any extraterrestrial intelligent life?
How can I die without any pain?	How can I die without pain?
What differentiates Lowes from Home Depot?	What is the difference between Lowe's and Home Depot? Which is better?
What is the difference between a relief valve and safety valve?	What is the difference between a Safety Valve and Relief Valve?
What are your favorite documentaries?	Which is your favorite documentary and why?
Is there any chance of medal for India in Rio Olympics 2016?	Is there any chance that India can win a medal in this first week of Rio Olympics?
Is being nice to other people generally considered a sign of weakness?	Why is being nice considered a sign of weakness?
Do banana peels really whiten teeth? Why or why not?	How do you use banana to whiten your teeth?
What are some best ways to earn money in a part time online job for students?	What is best part time way to earn money for a medical student?
What happen to gtbit case ?	What happen to gtbit case today?
How do you get rid of little red bugs in bed?	How can I get rid of bed bugs?
What are some of the strangest websites on the Internet?	What is the strangest website you have seen?
How many rows and columns in one excel sheet?	How many rows is there excel sheet?
What are the best movie and book plot twists?	What are the best movies with a plot twist?
How do get better at storytelling?	How do I get better at storytelling?
How can I learn marathon?	How can I learn marathons?
What are some good books or references to get started with machine learning?	How do I start learning machine learning?
What are the top songs to listen to with a girl to impress her?	Which songs impress girls?
Why do programmers prefer two large monitors?	Why do programmers need multiple monitors?
What's the best way to learn core java?	How can I learn core Java?
How do I get higher ranking for my website in search engines?	How do I get my website to rank higher in search engines?
Who was the most powerful Sith Lord?	Who is the most powerful Sith Lord?
What was the worst heartbreak you ever suffered?	What was the worst heartbreak you've ever had?
Who is the most popular writer at Quora?	Who has the most followers on Quora?
What is Dark energy?	What is (or can be) dark energy?
How can I start a dairy business in India?	How can I start my dairy business in India?
What are career opportunities in companies after an M.Tech in production engineering with a B.Tech in mechanical engineering?	What are the career options in the automotive sector after getting a B. Tech. degree in mechanical engineering from a top NIT?
How many days before my period can I get pregnant?	Can I get pregnant two days after my period ends?
How can I make my birthday special for myself?	How do I make my birthday very special?
What are the top challenges cybersecurity faces today?	What are the top cybersecurity challenges?
Who do you think will win the 2016 Presidential Election?	Who will win the 2016 U.S. presidential election and why?
How does a woman feel when a penis enters her pussy?	How does it feel when the penis enters a vagina?
What will be the effect of Donald Trump becoming the president of US on India?	How is US president Donald Trump important for India?
What is the best life changing decision you made?	What is the best decision you made in your life?
Can a man's height increase after 20?	Is it possible to Increase height or get taller after 20?
Whom should one follow on Quora? And why?	Who are some of the smart people to follow on Quora?
How do you earn emergency money?	How do you earn money for an emergency?
How can I find someone. With a picture?	How can I find a person by a picture?
Why won't my iPhone 5 connect to Wi-Fi networks? How can I fix it?	How do you fix an iPhone 5 that won't connect to wi-fi?
What does production engineer do?	What does a product engineer do?
How do I stop over thinking?	How do I stop over thinking and over worrying?
What problems will common people face after discontinuation of Rs. 500 and Rs.1000 notes?	What problem people will face after banning on 1000 and 500 rupee notes?
How do I delete Quora Account with all answers and questions also removed?	How do I unsubscribe and delete my Quora account?
What's the use of collation in Mysql and how do I choose the appropriate one?	How can you use collation in MySQL?
How can I make a schedule?	How can we make our daily schedule?
How long should I wait to text him?	How long should I wait to text her back?
Which is the best Korean drama?	What are best Korean dramas to watch?
What is the best engineering major?	Which of engineering majors is the best?
Who wins in a fight between Deathstroke and Captain America?	Who would win in a battle against Deathstroke the Terminator and Captain America?
How do I become a hacker?	How does one become a hacker?
What it is like to have sex first time?	How does it feel to have sex the first time?
What are good intelligent movies?	What are the best intelligent movies?
How do I get slim?	How Do I become slim?
What are the differences between American culture and Chinese culture?	What are the cultural differennce between Chinese and American?
What are the best Shahrukh khan movies?	Which is Shahrukh Khan's best movie?
Do Quora questions marked as needing improvement still reach the entire Quora user community?	Can Quora quote the improvements needed in the questions when it is marked as 'Needing Improvement'?
How do I hack a Gmail account of an unknown person?	How do I hack a Gmail account?
How do I stop my dog from throwing up white foam?	What causes a dog to throw up white liquid?
What does the green dot beside the phone icon on messenger app mean?	What does a green dot by the phone icon mean on Messenger?
How do I change my email address?	What is the best way to change email addresses?
How could one reduce gravity in a room on earth?	What is the best way to reduce gravity in a closed container/room on earth?
If you died and God would give you another chance to live for 1 more day what would you correct?	If you died and God would give you another chance to life for 1 day what would you correct?
What industries have a high demand for digital marketers?	What industries have high demand for digital marketers?
What are the best ways to become the top student in your class?	How do I become a top student?
How do I become creative in graphic design?	How can I become a creative graphic designer?
Is it true that there are bull sperms in energy drinks?	Does energy drinks have bull sperm in it?
Is Uber a scam?	Is Uber really a scam?
Clean India drive?	What is clean India?
Is 5'3 tall for an 11 year old?	Is 5'3 tall for an 11 year old boy? How tall will I be?
What is the best way of improving my communication?	How should I improve my communication?
How do I root my android to do everything?	How can I root my Android 5.1 device?
Where can I get free Marvel comic books?	Where can I get Marvel comics for free?
How can I study to get better grades?	What are some tips to get better grades in school?
How do I study medicine effectively?	How we study medicine effectively in short time period?
How can I become a wildlife photographer?	How do I become a wildlife photographer?
Why is the aviation industry not developed/flourishing in India?	Why is the aviation industry not flourished in India?
How do I increase general knowledge?	What can I do to improve my general knowledge?
What are the best ways to learn to speak Shakespearean English?	What are the best ways to learn Old English (Anglo-Saxon)?
Why can't humans cure AIDS?	Why is it so hard to find the cure to HIV and Aids?
How close we are to see 3rd world war?	Are we overdue for a world war?
Will the United States go to war with Iran?	Is the United States about to go to war with Iran?
What are the best educational apps for Android tablets?	What are the best apps for education?
What would be your New Year resolutions for 2017?	What will be your New Year's resolution for 2017?
I have done my diploma in ENT and I've worked for 9 months in a BA/BE centre. What are my career options in the pharma industries?	I have done my diploma in ENT and I've worked for 9 months in a bioavailability/BE centre. What are my career options in the pharma industries?
What is going to be the impact of the GST on the Indian economy and finance?	Why is GST amendment a gamechanger for Indian Economy?
What are the repercussions of 500 and 1000 rupee notes not being legal tender anymore?	What will be the consequences of 500 and 1000 rupee notes banning?
How do you make fried rice?	What's the recipe of fried rice?
How do find people who would let me work on their short films in London?	Where can I find production assistant work on short films and music videos in London?
How can I land a job at Microsoft?	What can I do to get a job at Microsoft?
How can I enhance my reasoning and aptitude skills?	How do I improve my aptitude and thinking skills?
What will be the effect of banning 500 and 1000 Rs notes on the Indian economy?	What are your views over discontinuation of Rs 500 and Rs 1000 notes? What will be it’s outcome ?
What are best freelancing sites for developers?	Are there any good freelancing sites for developers?
What is the best book for quantitative aptittude?	Which is best book for quantitative apptitude?
What are good hip-hop songs to dance to?	What are some good rap or hip-hop songs?
What is your favorite Christmas movie?	What are your favorite Christmas movies?
What is a way to make money online?	How do we make money online?
Don’t you think it is not a good decision by the honorable Supreme Court to play the national anthem at cinema halls?	What do you think of Supreme Court's decision of playing National Anthem in all cinemas?
What's that phrase about glass houses?	How does the phrase about throwing stones in glass houses go? Where does it come from and what does it mean?
How does the HP OfficeJet 4620 Airprint compare to the HP LaserJet Pro P1102w Printer?	How does the HP OfficeJet 4620 Airprint compare to the HP Color LaserJet Pro M452dw?
How do I search anyone on Quora?	What is the best way to search within Quora?
What are the career options available if I pursue M.Designing after a B.Tech in Electrical engineering?	What are best career options available for electrical and electronics engineer today?
How do I generate all possible substrings of a string?	What are the approaches suitable to generate all substrings of a given string?
Should I quit gaming to get better grades?	Should I stop gaming to get better grades? If not how can I balance gaming and studying?
Can a gas leak kill you by breathing it in? I know it can cause an explosion but can it kill you just by being around it? If it fills up your house?	Can a gas leak kill you by breathing it in? I know it can cause an explosion but can it kill you just by being around it if it fills up your house?
When do you know that you are in love?	How do you know if you are in love? How do you know its not just chemicals in your brain trying to trick you to reproduce?
What was there before the 'Big Bang'?	What was here before the universe?
How do I stop thinking about my ex gf?	How can I stop thinking about my ex-girlfriend?
Do you think new 500 and new 2000 notes will help eradicating Black Money?	What do you think about the ban on 500 and 1000 denomination notes in India?
Is there evidence that the illuminati exists?	Do the Illuminati really exist?
What are some facts on cricket?	What are some crazy facts about cricket?
Did the USA really make it to the moon?	Did man really land on the moon?
How can I increase the traffic to my website?	How can I increase a website traffic?
Do women care about the penis size of their partner?	Do women really care about the size of a man's penis?
Can I grow height after 19 years?	Can I increase my body height after 19 ? If yes? Then how?
How can I cure my hormonal acne?	How can I get rid of my acne?
Which are the best workout songs?	What is your favorite workout song?
How do I live for 100 years?	What do I need to do if I want to live beyond the age of 100 years old?
What are the shortest answers that have received the most upvotes?	What are some of the short answers on Quora with the most upvotes?
What happens if their is suspicious activity on my Instagram account?	How do I know if there is suspicious activity on my Instagram account? Will I get notified?
What are key differences between object-oriented and procedural programming?	What is the difference between procedural and object oriented programming?
What are the top tech events?	What are the best tech events?
Why do wolves have blue eyes?	Why are there wolfs with blue eyes?
How India can respond to the Uri terror attack?	How should India respond to the latest Pakistani terrorist attack in Uri?
Which are the best songs of Enrique Iglesias?	Which is the best song of Enrique iglesias?
What are the entry requirements for the University of Melbourne?	Entry requirement for university of melbourne?
What are the best Smartphones tech gadgets?	What are some of the best phones gadgets?
How do particles get mass in Higgs Boson?	What is mass in Higgs boson model?
What is the evidence for biological evolution and what is the evidence supporting creationism?	What are some examples of evidence supporting biological evolution?
Which is the best anime of all time?	Which anime are a must watch?
What stops india to declare a war against Pakistan?	Should India declare a war against Pakistan now?
Can I get arrested for downloading a movie torrent in india?	Is downloading from torrent is still illegal in India?
Is it ergonomically safe to use a laptop computer on your lap?	Are there any harmful effects to using your laptop on your lap?
Why do people try to ask silly questions on Quora rather than googling it?	Why do some people ask questions on Quora that could be asked directly to a search engine ?
Which is the best shirt colour for my first interview?	Which is the best shirt colour to wear for a interview?
How can I reach New Delhi Railway Station from Indira Gandhi International Airport (Delhi Airport)?	How can I reach New Delhi Railway Station from Indira Gandhi International Airport (Delhi Airport) Terminal 3?
Is helicopter parenting a fad?	Will the pendulum move from helicopter parenting to free-range parenting soon?
How do I impress my class?	How do I stop thinking about how to impress everybody in my class?
How is Mars' gravitational field strength different from that of Earth's?	What is the gravitational field strength on Mars and how was it measured?
How do I build a muscular body?	How can I develop a muscular body?
What would you change about Quora and why?	What on Quora should be changed/added/removed?
What's the best way to make new friends after college?	How do I make new friends after college?
What are the best GMAT prep courses?	What is the best GMAT prep course?
Why do long distance relationships fail?	Does a long distance relationship really work?
What are the resolutions you are going to take for the upcoming New year 2017?	What are some of your New Year's resolutions for 2017?
Is it safe to charge an iPhone 6s from 2 Amp powerbank/charger?	Does the iPad adapter charge the iPhone 6 Plus faster? Is it safe to use?
Torque of DC motor and its unit?	What is the unit of torque in a DC motor?
What are some of the best places to visit in Kerala in a span of 5 days?	Which places should I visit if I am going to Kerala for a week with friends?
Where can I get very cost effective towing services in Sutherland shire?	Where can I get very affordable towing & recovery services in Sutherland shire?
Can we travel back in time? If not then why?	Can we go back in time?
What was your most cringe-worthy moment in School?	What was the most cringe-worthy thing you ever did in middle school?
How can anyone increase height?	How can you increase your height?
What is your review of Relativity (physics)?	What is relativity actually?
What are the possible activities you can run in a mechanical engineering club?	What are mechanical Engineering club activities?
How do I start a school in India?	Start school in India?
How can one improve his writing skills?	How do you improve your writing skills?
What is the deep internet?	What is a deep web?
Why did Modi ban 500 and 1000 rupees notes and not 100 rupee notes?	Why did Modi scrap Rs 500 & Rs 1000 notes? And what's the reason for the sudden introduction of the 2000 rupee note?
What is the qualification required for appearing in the GMAT?	What are the qualification to apply for GMAT?
How do I know know whether my gf is cheating me or not?	How do I know my partner is cheating on me?
How do I find my gmail password?	How do I get my password for my gmail account?
How do I verify my Instagram account with a email?	How do I verify instagram?
What is the most backhanded compliment you've ever given or received?	What are some backhanded compliments you have received?
What are the problems with Quora?	What is the problem with Quora?
What does it feel like to be a suicide bomber?	What is it like to be a suicide bomber?
What does Jimmy Wales think of people who say Wikipedia is a bad source for correct information?	What does Jimmy Wales think about Wikipedia being considered as an unreliable source?
Where can I find business case studies for free?	What is the best method to view business school case studies for free on the internet?
Why was Twitter down?	Why is Twitter down so much?
What is the most effective type of meditation?	What are some of the most effective forms of meditation?
How do you know if someone is a psychopath?	How do you know if someone is a psychopath? I am feeling like I am a psychopath of some sort? I don't feel anything about my friends or people I know?
How long did it take you to learn JavaScript?	How much time do I need to learn JavaScript?
What are similar sites like Quora?	Are there other websites like Quora?
Which is the best rock band of all time?	What is the best Rock band ever?
Why is lightning often accompanied by thunder?	How does lightning happen?
How can I learn organic chemistry with fun?	How can I learn organic chemistry?
How do I find a girl that wants a threesome online for me and my girlfriend?	How can me and my girlfriend find another girl for a threesome?
What are the best ways to get rid of boredom?	How do you get out of boredom?
Terminal Ballistics: Which caliber handgun and bullet type do I have the smallest chance of surviving a head shot from close distance?	Can you survive a shot between the eyes with a 300 Grain HP bullet from an Desert Eagle.50 from close distance?
Tcs usa salary?	What is the approx salary TCS give to USA employees ?
What are the theories about the mystery of the Bermuda triangle?	What is in the Bermuda triangle?
What are the best marketing questions asked in interview?	What are the best questions asked in a marketing interview?
How I can improve my English communication?	What should I do to improve my English ?
How do I lose weight ayurvedically?	What are some ways to lose weight fast?
What are gold reserves for?	What is gold reserve?
Who's your favourite Walking Dead character?	Who's your favourite character in the Walking Dead?
Who is the greatest political leader in the world and why?	Who is the greatest leader in the world?
Is Donald Trump racist?	Is Donald Trump really a racist?
What does it mean to play someone?	What does it mean to "play" someone?
I have forgotten my password for Facebook and no primary email and phone is added to my account. How can I get access to my account?	I forgot my password and also my email password. how can I get back that account?
How does first time sex feels like?	What does having sex for the first time feel like?
Which is the best training company for Java in Bangalore?	What are the best Java Training company in Bangalore?
Where can I buy special flavor cupcake at Gold Coast?	Where can I buy best quality gourmet cupcakes in Gold Coast?
How much hours does IITians study everyday?	How many hours does an IITian study everyday?
Who is the most academically qualified cricketer?	Who are some of the most academically qualified cricketers?
Was Charles Darwin an Illuminati?	Was Charles Darwin a member of the Illuminati or the Freemasonry?
What could be an intelligent and efficient response to the Uri terror attack?	How can India retaliate against terror sponsored states after the recent Uri Attack?
Who is paying for Trump's post-victory tour?	Who is paying for president-elect Trump's victory tour?
What is the expected cutoff for the KVPY 2016?	How many questions did you attempt and how many marks do you expect in KVPY SA 2016?
What is the easiest way to take green card?	Who can help me to get a green card?
What is the best relationship advice?	What is the best relationship advice that you have got for us?
How does Google Maps detect traffic levels?	How does Google Maps find out the current traffic situation?
How would you rate Emilia Clarke as an actor?	Is Emilia Clarke a good actress?
How does the Blackcore Edge Max works?	Exactly How Does Blackcore Edge Max Work?
What pair of clothing do you despise?	What clothing items do you despise?
Which is best smartphone to buy in 2016?	Which smartphone is best in 2016?
What are the best ways of saving water?	How can we save water?
After Donald Trump loses will he run again in 4 years?	If Trump loses in 2016 might he run again in 2020? Could he win then?
How do I find the best SEO company in Delhi?	Which is the best SEO Company in Delhi for Digital marketing?
How do I become good at sex?	How can you be good at sex?
Can a two child policy remove India's population woes?	Should India have one child policy or not?
What is the best speech you've ever heard?	What are some of the best speeches you have heard?
What is most embrassing moment of your life?	What is the best embarrassing moment of your life?
Which are the best headphones?	Which are the best headphones you have heard?
Why should Jeb Bush be the 45th President of the United States?	Why shouldn't Jeb Bush be the 45th President of the United States?
How can I message some one on Quora?	How can I send a private message through Quora?
How do I prepare UPSC exam and what is the syllabus of UPSC exam?	What is the syllabus for UPSC Exam?
Which is the best laptop to buy under 30k in India?	Which can be the best laptop under 30000?
How can I lose belly fat quickly?	How can I lose belly fat if I'm skinny?
How Can Do Free Online Astrology Prediction.?	Are there any good free online astrologers?
How can you tell if your man is cheating even if he hides it really well?	How can you tell if your man is cheating on you or flirting with other girls?
Why does a company need a CEO?	Why my company needs a CEO?
When I insert my finger in my vagina I feel a buldge?	Is it normal to feel a large bump when inserting a finger in the vagina?
Why do some people ask questions on Quora that could easily be answered by using a search engine?	Why do people bother to ask questions on Quora they could just google to get the answer?
How do I find a nice girlfriend in Singapore?	How do I get a girlfriend in Singapore?
How does the stock market work generally?	How does the stock market work?
How do you find a cofounder for a startup?	How do you fire a cofounder of a startup?
Is root canal danger to your health?	Is root canal treatment dangerous to your health?
On what basis should one select a CA firm for articleship?	What should be the basis while selecting a firm for CA Articleship?
How is UNCC for MS in CS? How are the opportunities like TA & RA for CS graduates?	How good are TA opportunities for MS in Computer Science program in UNCC for spring admissions?
Guy I'm dating sends a text every 2 days but then doesn't answer back ever for over 8 hours. I called him out nicely today and no still no word.Next?	Why does guy I'm dating send me a text but then either takes 12 hours to answer or disappears and tries again days later? Why not ask me out again?
Why can't I comment?	Why can't I comment on anything?
How can I find a job that I enjoy everyday?	How can I find the job I can enjoy?
Is it too late to go to medical school at 24?	What age is too old to get a medical MD?
Whars the difference between a manufactured home and a modular home and do they very from state to state?	What's the difference between a manufactured home and a modular home and do they very from state to state?
Can i send my GRE scores to the four universities freely?	How do I send my GRE scores to universities for free?
Are there such things as objective truths?	Does objective truth exist?
How do I make myself start working towards my goals?	How do I start working on a goal? How do I remain focused towards that goal?
How long before electric cars become the norm?	When will electric cars be the norm?
Why sex is important for life?	How much sex is important in life?
How do you treat a blood blister on a dog?	How can you treat a blood blister on a dog?
Motorcycles and Motorcycling: Should I wait for the CBR 250r 2015 or go for the current version?	Should I go for the current version of CBR 250R (India)?
What are some real life examples of Karma?	What are some of the best real life examples of Instant Karma?
How can I find someone with a picture?	How can I find a person by a picture?
How do I know if I have a acting talent or not?	How do I know if I have a talent of acting?
Where can I get necessary advice for any property transaction in Sydney?	Where can I get knowledgeable assistance for transfer of property in Sydney?
What are some of the differences between Java and C#?	What are the major differences between Java and C#?
How will black money and corruption be stopped by banning 500 and 1000 notes?	How will scraping of 500 and 1000 rupees notes help in curbing corruption and black money?
What are the best places to visit in Kerala for college students?	What are the best off-the-beaten-path places in Kerala for a tourist?
How can I convince someone that Clinton is a worse candidate than Trump?	Why is Hillary Clinton a better choice than Donald Trump?
Can I fall pregnant after 3days of my period?	can an egg be fertilized during or after a period?
Do cable companies track which programs subscribers watch?	Can cable/satellite TV companies track what you're watching?
What is step by step guide to learn English?	I want to learn English and in what way or step that are?
Can we get job in l&t being one year of gap after 12th.?	My problem is that I have an year gap after my H.S.C. am I eligible for the selection process at L&T Infotech?
Why does Quora put neither the most upvoted nor the most viewed answer on top?	Why there isn't an option on Quora to view the most upvoted answers?
Which is the longest highway in India?	Which is the longest national highway in India?
How will Trump's presidency affect the Indian students who are planning to study in the US?	How will Donald J Trump's presidency affect the opportunities offered to non US students?
What was the Watergate scandal about?	What was the Nixon - Watergate thing all about?
Why do so many people ask questions on Quora instead of searching the answers on Wikipedia?	Why don't people simply 'Google' instead of asking questions on Quora?
Why doesn't the Indian government sell off the debt-ridden Air India when a lot of private alternatives are available?	Should Indian Government sell AIR INDIA?
Is it true that space is 10 dimensioned?	Is space divided in 10 dimensions? How?
What are some examples of cultural diffusion in sociology?	What is cultural diffusion in sociology and what are some examples?
How do people improve confidence in public speaking?	How do I increase my confidence while public speaking?
How do I get into indian cricket team if I start at age of 18?	I am 16. Can I get into Indian Cricket team if I start practicing very hard?
What are tort laws?	What is Tort Law?
Is their a planet made out of diamonds in space?	Is it true that there is a planet in space which is made of diamond?
How can I make him love me and only me?	How can I make my boyfriend only want me and no other girl?
How do I delete my questions off Quora?	How can I permanently delete my question from Quora? Can deleting the profile help?
What is a world view?	What is world view?
Would Donald Trump be the worst president in US history?	Do you expect that Donald Trump will become the worst president in the history of the United States of America?
How do I speak English fluently at an interview?	How could an English learner speak fluently?
What is the feeling after first sex?	How do you feel after the first sex?
How do I get over my anxiety and start with work?	How do you deal with your anxiety at work?
Why did Lakshmana hurt Surpanaka?	Why did Lakshmana hurt Surpanka?
How can I make my husband love me more than I love him?	How do I make my husband love me more than ever?
Why can't you delete a Quora question?	Why can’t I delete my own Quora question?
How was education in Singapore like during the Japanese occupation?	How was education in Singapore during the Japanese occupation?
Is it true that time feels like it's flowing faster when you're older?	Why does time feel like it goes faster as we get older?
How do I get over my first break up?	How do I get over an ex that I dated for two years?
How do I stay awake in the office after lunch?	How can I avoid sleeping in the office after lunch?
How do I learn spoken English?	What should I do to improve my spoken English?
For what purpose we are here in this world?	What is purpose of living and why we are here on earth?
What's the best way to use Twitter?	How does one use Twitter?
What is the worst thing about Facebook?	What are the worst things about Facebook?
Is India more technology-advanced than Vietnam?	Is India a better country than Vietnam?
How should one prepare for the future?	What is the best way to prepare for the future?
What are some mind-blowing iphone gadgets stuffs that most people don't know about?	What are some mind blowing iPhone gadgets that most people don't know 2016?
How do I get my dachshund to stop chewing furniture?	How do I stop my puppy from chewing my shoes?
How do I tell my parents I'm an atheist?	How do I tell my parents I am an atheist?
Which are the best hotels in Goa?	Which is the best hotel to stay in Goa?
What are the health downsides of eating farmed salmon?	What's with the alleged toxicity of farmed salmon?
How do I prepare for SSC CGL?	How should I prepare for SSC cgl written exam?
What do we exchange biologically during sex?	What do we exchange biologically with our partner during sex like body fluids?
How do I know if someone viewed my profile on Whatsapp?	What is the trick to know my WhatsApp profile visitors?
What would it be like if the whole world was one nation?	What would the world be like if were finally united as one nation?
How do you grow Psilocybe cubensis mushrooms?	What is the easiest way to grow psylocibin mushrooms? Can you grow them with dried shrooms?
Do we get the grace marks when the question is out of syllabus in the VTU?	Is there grace marks in VTU?
Why doesn't everyone I ask to answer a question answer it on Quora?	Why do people never answer my question on Quora?
Tasha marie walls?	Who is Tasha Wahl?
Why do you follow people on Quora?	What do you consider when you follow someone on Quora?
How will abolishing rs.500 and rs.1000 notes reduce corruption and identifying black money?	Will banning 500 and 1000 notes can stop the black money?
How does Paytm earn money after giving cashbacks?	How apps like paytm earn profit when they are giving so many cash back offers?
Which is the best think that can keep me motivated?	What are the best tricks to keep yourself motivated?
Why aren't most Chinese good at English?	Why aren’t most Chinese good at English?
What is the death?	What is death? What is being nothing?
Is it possible to hack NASA's New Horizons satellite?	Is it possible to hack a satellite? Has anyone ever hacked?
What is the best path I should take to improve my English?	How can I improve my spoken English?
What is the funniest movie that you've ever watched?	What is the funniest movie you have ever watched?
What is the difference between HTML and XHTML?	What are the key differences between HTML & XHTML?
Is life easy for you?	Is life easy?
What is GitHub primarily used for?	What is github and its use?
What is the best way to get your app popular and downloaded?	How do I promote an app for free to get users?
What are pros and cons of 500 and 1000 currency notes abolishing?	Why there is a ban of 500 and 1000 notes?
Does summer schooling really helps if I want to apply to US universities.?	Does summer schooling really helps to get into good US universities?
What makes Joaquin Phoenix a good actor?	Is Joaquin Phoenix the greatest actor of this generation?
How do I stop daydreaming so much?	How do I avoid or stop daydreaming?
How are international students from Hong Kong going to be affected after Donald Trump becomes president?	How will it affect international students coming to the US for undergraduation now that Trump has become the President?
What are some ways to get rich?	How do I get rich?
How can I improve my memory power?	How can I improve my memorizing ability?
Which is the best phone to buy under 15000?	Which is the best smartphone in India under Rs 15000?
What are some of the books to understand the basics of the Indian economy?	Which are the books that should I start with to understand the basics of indian economy?
Why do people say sorry frequently?	Why do people say sorry?
Why would Hillary Clinton start a war with Russia?	Will Hillary increase tensions with Russia and eventually start a war?
Has the Ancient Khmer Empire been scientifically tested?	Have the Ancient Incans been scientifically tested?
What on earth is in Game of thrones why is it so infamous?	Why is Game of Thrones so successful?
I want to travel to Dubai. What are the best hotels to stay?	What are the best hotels on Dubai?
How is Lipton Green Tea related to weight loss?	How Green tea is useful for reducing fat?
What would happen if earth didn't have a moon?	What if the earth had no moon? How will this affect the tides in the ocean?
Should I study for PSAT?	How do I prepare for the PSAT?
Why are humans cruel to each other?	Why are humans cruel?
What are some nice places to hangout in Pune?	Which is your favorite hangout place in Pune?
What is Bitnami's business model?	What is Bitnami? What is Bitnami's business model?
How can I prepare for UPSC 2018?	How do I prepare for UPSC 2018?
How I start prepare for UGC net English literature latest syllabus?	How do I prepare for UGC NET English Literature thoroughly?
Why do women give their "all" to bad boys?	Why do girls like bad boys?
What is your 2017 New Year’s resolution?	What are your New Year’s resolutions?
How can I get traffic on website?	How can I increase the traffic on my website?
Is Adolf Hitler respected in Germany?	Is Hitler respected or revered in Germany?
What was your experience in a psychiatric hospital?	What is the experience of being in a psychiatric hospital like?
How do I enhance my English writing skills?	How can I improve my English writing skills in an effective way?
Will Hillary Clinton go to jail for her alleged crimes?	Why isn't Hillary Clinton in jail?
What are some interesting facts about kolkata?	What are some of the most mind-blowing facts about Kolkata?
What is the solution to control anger?	What do I do when I can't control my anger?
What's the art style of the cover of Adam Young's new album Voyager 1?	What's the art style of the illustration on the cover of Adam Young's new album Voyager 1?
How do I overcome my fear of facing my results?	How can I overcome fear before result?
What is the Ishrat Jahan encounter case? Why Mulayam Singh Yadav not able to drag Narendra Modi into this case yet?	What is the Ishrat Jahan case?
How can we think out of the box?	How do I think out of the box?
What are the easy ways to earn money?	What are the ways to earn money?
What are the ethical principles that govern social work in the us?	What are ethical principles and core values that governs social work in the US?
What is pulmonary edema disease?	What is pulmonary edema?
Which is the best website to learn Python from the beginning to the advanced level?	What is the best way to learn Python from beginning to advanced?
How is linear algebra applied in computer science?	How important is linear algebra in computer science?
What happens if I delete all my content and settings on an iPhone?	What happens when I erase all contents from my iPhone?
Which music do you like best?	What type of music do you like?
How do you prepare for a data science interview?	How do you prepare for data science interviews?
What is the average return rate for online fashion retailers?	What is average return rate and beta ratio for fashion e-commerce shops?
What is the best way to cook an 11 pound turkey?	How do you cook a turkey?
What does a Trump presidency mean for America?	What will a Trump presidency mean for the world?
How can long distance relationships be successful?	What does it take for a successful long distance relationship?
How do I become more positive?	What should I do to help me think more positive?
What are your views on Modi governments decision to demonetize 500 and 1000 rupee notes? How will this affect economy?	What is your opinion on the discontinuation of 500 and 1000 rupee notes?
Which is the best QuickBooks Hosting Support Number in New York?	What is the best QuickBooks support number in Arkansas?
How can I reduce my belly fat in 2 months?	How do I reduce my belly fat easily?
What are your favorite documentaries?	What are some of your favorite documentaries and why?
How is the life of an engineering student?	How is the life of engineering student?
What websites have the best user experience?	What are some of the best designed websites in terms of UX?
What will Google name the next Android version after Android Z?	What will Google do after the release of Android Z?
What is the uses of linux?	What is Linux?
Is it possible to get pregnant before period or after period ends?	Can you get pregnant a couple days before your period?
Relation between phase & line voltage?	What is line voltage and phase voltage?
How do I know whether my phone is hacked or not?	How can I check if my Android mobile is hacked or not?
What is the best business to earn money in india with less investment?	What is the best business idea with surefire profits and less investment?
How do people deal with jealousy?	How can I deal with jealousy?
What are some goods books for GMAT preparation?	What are the good books for GMAT preparation for starters?
Is there any permanent treatment of hypothyroidism?	Is there any permanent treatment for thyroid?
How shall I prepare to score more than 99 percentile in CAT 2016?	How can you score 99 percentile in CAT 2016?
What is the speed of the universe with which it is expanding?	Is expansion of universe faster than the speed of light?
What factors contributed to the success of vineyard vines?	What factors have contributed to the success of Vineyard Vines?
Who is the most over-rated Bollywood actor/actress?	Who is the most overrated Bollywood actress?
What is the whole theory behind the Rothschild Illuminati conspiracy?	What is the Rothschild conspiracy? Is it actually real?
Which books would you recommend that I read?	What books do you recommend reading?
What is difference between hydrodynamic and thermal boundary layer?	What is thermodynamic boundary layer? How it differ from hydrodynamic boundary layer?
What does it mean when a cat throws up white foam?	What does it mean when cats eat plastic and throw up yellow/white foam?
I really want to polish my English writing skills. What are some good books that could help me?	What books do you suggest would help improve English writing skills?
Where should you rest your tongue in your mouth? Should it rest against the roof of the mouth?	Should I rest my tongue on the top of my mouth or bottom?
What exactly makes Bob Dylan a Nobel Prize worthy poet?	Why is Bob Dylan being awarded the 2016 Nobel Prize in Literature?
What is your new year resolution for 2017 or goal for 2017?	What are some new year resolutions for 2017?
How much does an Uber cab driver earn in Mumbai?	How much does an Uber cab earn in Mumbai?
How do I concentrate better in my study?	What are the best ways to concentrate for study?
What is the Tour de France?	What is the Tour de France in detail?
What are the reasons some people hate Halloween?	Why do you hate Halloween?
Was Paul McCartney replaced by a lookalike?	Is Paul McCartney dead?
Which is the best country to live in the world?	What is the best country to live in and why?
Why is President Obama allowed to use Air Force One on the campaign trail with Hillary?	Can a sitting president use Air Force One to campaign for a party candidate?
How can the universe be expanding faster than the speed of light?	Is the universe expanding more than the speed of light? If yes then doesn't it break the cosmic limit?
Why do people often ask questions in Quora while they can Google it themselves?	Why do people ask basic questions instead of searching them?
How do I stop procrastination?	How do I stop my bad habit of procrastination?
How can I improve my English in all aspects?	How can I improve my pronunciation in English?
How bad are herpes?	Why is herpes bad for you?
How can I make a question in Quora?	How do I ask someone a question on Quora?
How can I view my criminal record?	How can you view your criminal record?
What does Product Market Fit mean?	What is product market fit?
How much power does the Monarch of the United Kingdom have?	How much power does the Queen of Britain actually possess?
What is the most probable cutoff for KVPY SA 2016?	What is the expected cutoff for KVPY 2016 SA -stream 2016?
What should you do when you feel like a loser?	How can I stop thinking of myself as a loser?
How will the world be 100 years from now?	What will it be like after a 100 years from now?
What are some innovative Java project ideas?	What are some innovative and useful Java project ideas?
What is the best site for downloading movies?	What are the best site for HD movies downloading?
What is at the centre of the Milky Way?	What is at the center of the milky way?
Should India have a uniform civil code (personal laws)?	Should India embrace the Uniform Civil Code?
How do you deal with back pain?	What is the best way to relieve lower back pain?
What are cassava chips production process?	What are the cassava chips’ production process?
What is the superstition behind a twitching right eye?	What is the superstition behind a twitching left eye?
What are the best tourist places in Hyderabad?	What are the best tourist places to visit in Hyderabad?
What is best tool to start with Automation testing?	What is the best demanding automation testing tool in market?
How do grizzly bears adapt to their environment and its changes?	How is a grizzly bear able to adapt to its environment?
Is fighting a normal part of relationships?	Is fighting a natural part of relationships?
What's the best way to get started learning about computer security?	What's the best way to start learning about cyber (computer) security?
What is an Orbital?	What is meant by orbital?
Why Modi is putting a ban on 500 and 1000 notes?	Did the Indian government ban the 500 Rs & 1000 rupees notes?
Why is Saltwater taffy candy imported in Japan?	Why is Saltwater Taffy candy imported in Mexico?
How can I build a laptop on my own?	How can I build my own laptop?
Why was Harper government bad?	Why is The Harper government bad?
What are the differences between true north and magnetic north? What are their similarities?	What are the differences between true and magnetic north?
What do you think about India's surgical strikes on Pakistan?	What do you think of India’s surgical strikes that took place against terrorists in Pakistan?
Is it the right time to invest in real estate?	What is the best time to invest in real estate?
How do I stop being so jealous?	How can I stop being so jealous of everyone?
What's the best Twitter management program or software?	What is the Twitter account manager software?
Is the Tamil language older than Sanskrit? How old is it when compared to all other languages of the world?	How much older are Dravidian languages like Tamil and Kannada than Sanskrit?
What is difference between patriotism and extreme nationalism and racialism?	What is the difference of nationalism and patriotism?
What are the safety precautions on handling shotguns proposed by the NRA in North Carolina?	What are the safety precautions on handling shotguns proposed by the NRA in Arizona?
How can I come out of my comfort zone?	How exactly can I get out of this comfort zone by motivating myself?
How will World War III begin?	When would the World War III break out?
Which is the best growth hormone supplement ever for adult's height?	Which is the best growth hormone supplement ever for adult's hight?
Which one is the best romantic movie?	What is the best romantic movie you have ever seen?
What's good song for a best friend lyric prank?	What are some good songs for a song lyric prank?
How will the ban of Rs 500 and Rs 1000 notes affect Indian economy?	What will be the effects of demonitizing 500 and 1000 rupees notes in Indian economy?
Who are your best friends and why?	Who is your best friend? Why?
How do I increase height after puberty?	How do I increase my height after 16?
Why do people keep asking questions on Quora even though the most of the information is available out there on Google?	Why do some people ask simple direct science questions in Quora when there are sufficient resources available in internet?
How big is the difference between harry potter books and movies?	How do the books in the Harry Potter series differ from the movies and what is highlighted in the books that isn't present in the movies?
What personal habits are typically associated with highly successful people?	What are a few of the habits that successful people do daily?
What is diffrent between computer science and computer engenearing?	What is the diffrence between computer science and computer engineering?
Why did AT&T purchase Time Warner?	Why is AT&T buying Time Warner?
What are some mind blowing phones inventions that most people don't know about?	What are some mind blowing phone tech Inventions that most people don't know about?
What is a real time system?	What is a real time systems?
How will Trump's presidency affect Indian students who are planning to do a PhD in the US?	How will a Trump presidency affect the students presently in US or planning to study in US?
What are some of Adolf Hitler's most famous speeches?	What are some of Adolf Hitler's most infamous speeches?
Can I produce electricity and sell it to the government?	If I produce electricity will government will buy it?
Did Hillary Clinton lie about Benghazi?	Why did Hillary lie about Benghazi and say it was because of a video? Was she trying to protect Obama's re-election chances?
How can I become a RAW officer? What is the process?	How do I become a junior RAW agent?
What was going on in the Columbia Space Shuttle just before its explosion?	Did the Columbia crew in the shuttle know that they were going to die during the last fifteen minutes?
Is long distance relationship works?	Can a long distance relationship still exist? How can you make it work?
What can I do to improve communication skills?	How do I improve my communication skills.?
Should India change its name to Bharat/Hindustan?	How can our country India name changed to Hindustan?
What should I do when someone marks my question as needing improvement?	Why every time quora marks my question as "need improvements"?
How can I travel to Germany I am from Colombia?	How can travel to Germany since I live in Colombia?
How do you think demonetisation will affect Indian economy?	What will be the effect of demonetisation on Indian economy?
Why does Quora say that my question needs improvement but doesn't say what actually needs to be improved?	Why does Quora tell me, "your question needs improvement" but doesn't tell me how to improve it?
What can someone do when bored in an office?	What can I do when I am bored with surfing internet in office?
How I can speak English with fluency?	How do I speak English properly and confidently?
How do I open petrol pump in India? What's the procedure?	How do I open a petrol pump in India?
What should I know about moving from Pennsylvania to South Carolina?	What is it like moving from Pennsylvania to South Carolina?
What is a zeitgeist?	What is zeitgeist?
How long does it take to hear back from the Google Engineering Practicum program?	When do results come in for Google Engineering Practicum program?
What is the best answer when we are asked by interviewers why should we hire you?	What is the best answer for why I should hire you?
Does parallel universe exist? What are the consequences?	Does science have any proof that parallel universes exist?
Were any holocaust witnesses from eastern Europe besides jews and nazis?	Were there any holocaust witnesses from eastern Europe besides jews and nazis?
Is Microsoft Windows 10 better than Windows 8.1?	Which is better: windows 10 or Windows 8.1?
Are there any conspiracy theories that are probably true? Any conspiracy theories that turned out to be true?	Has there been any major conspiracy theory that has turned out to be true?
How was KVPY SA 2016 ? How does it compare to previous year papers? What is your expected cutoff for it?	What do you think the cutoff of KVPY 2016 SA would be?
How do I earn more money through internet/online?	What are the best ways to earn money from home?
Can Donald Trump be unconditionally trusted with the button to launch US nuclear weapons?	Does Donald Trump have the temperament to control nuclear weapons?
What is meaning of swag?	What is the meaning of "Swag"?
Does exercise help pass meth drug test?	How do I to beat a federal drug test if you are a meth user?
How do I get cash from a credit card with no card?	How do I get cash off a credit card without the card?
Has transitional forms ever being found to buttress the Evolution Hypothesis?	The theory of evolution depends on transitional species. Which ones have we found so far?
Could Donald Trump be a Democratic plant? Is he trying to help Hillary Clinton?	Is Hillary Clinton secretly paying Donald Trump to throw the election?
What are the studies to become a pilot?	How do I study to become a pilot?
How do I start a research lab?	How do I start and run a highly successful industrial research lab?
When will Spotify arrive in India?	Why hasn't Daniel Ek brought Spotify to India?
How does Descartes understand body?	How does Descartes understand "body"?
How do linguists figure out pronunciations in ancient writing?	How do linguists discover the phonetics of ancient languages?
Who will win in the UP election?	Who will win up 2017 election?
How to hack Wifi?	How do I can hack wifi?
What is the shear stress conceptually?	Shear stresses what is?
What other systems work with the respiratory system?	What other systems work with the respiratory system and how involved are they?
How does brain perceive color?	How do humans see color?
How do I write business proposals?	How do I write a business proposal?
How do you stop an 8 week Husky puppy from biting my shoes?	How do I stop my puppy from chewing my shoes?
What will Obama do after his term?	What will President Barack Obama do after the Presidency?
How do I get people's attention for my work?	How do I get people's attention?
What supporting documents are required for a B1/B2 visa interview?	What are the documents required to enter US on B2 Visa?
How do we make india a super power?	How can we make India a super power?
Does the MMR vaccine cause autism?	Why do some people say vaccines cause autism?
How do I check if my phone is tapped?	How do I tell if my phone is tapped?
Why did I become so quiet?	Why have I become quiet?
Who won the second debate?	Who won the 2nd U.S. Presidential Debate?
Will trump win as president?	What are the chances that Donald Trump will be the next US president?
How can I be a singer like Enrique Iglesias?	How can I be a singer like Enrique?
How do I cancel a Facebook invitation that I sent to my friend by mistake?	Can I reverse an invitation to "like" a Facebook page?
Why was Vimy Ridge important to Canada?	Why was the Battle of Vimy Ridge so important?
What is the best way to discover one's true passion?	How can I discover my true passion?
What are the safety precautions on handling shotguns proposed by the NRA in Montana?	What are the safety precautions on handling shotguns proposed by the NRA in Arizona?
How could I improve my English pronunciation?	How can I learn English well？?
How do I grow my bread?	How do I grow beard completely?
Where can I get the best digital marketing course (online & offline) in India?	Which is the best platform to learn online and get knowledge + certification for Digital Marketing or every course in general?
Do fish sweat or drink water?	Do fish drink water?
Why hasn't Hillary Clinton been indicted for mishandling classified documents?	U.S Law for classified information states ' or otherwise makes available to an unauthorized person'. Why has Hillary Clinton not been charged?
What advantages does Google Home have over Amazon Echo?	In what ways is Google Home (Assistant) smarter than Amazon Echo (Alexa)?
What do you think about the ban on 500 and 1000 denomination notes in India?	Was the decision by the Indian Government to demonetize 500 and 1000 notes right or is it a big scam?
How do you copyright screenplays?	How do I copyright a screenplay?
Can India survive an invasion by China?	Can India survive a Chinese Military Invasion?
How far will technology advance within the next 50 years?	What will technology be like 50 years from now?
What is the best business to start with a capital of 5 lakhs?	What are some business ideas with 5 lakh investment?
How do you carrier unlock an iPhone?	How do I unlock a carrier locked iPhone?
What are the best resources to learn Javascript?	What is the best way to go about learning JavaScript?
How do I find the most recent questions on Quora?	How do you get to the most recent questions here on Quora?
How many rings of power were there? Who created them and what happened to them? What were their powers?	The Lord of the Rings: How were all the rings of power created and how did they all work?
What is the biggest regret you have?	What is your biggest mistake?
What are the best hospitals for treating cancer in India?	Which are the best cancer treatment hospitals in India?
How do I see who viewed my instagram videos?	How do I see who viewed any video on instagram?
How can I recover my Gmail account when my number has changed?	How can I recover my blocked Gmail account after I lost my phone number?
Daniel Ek: Why isn't Spotify available in India? When is it launching in India?	Why is Spotify not available in India?
Is it fine to have sex with a prostitute?	How does it feel to have sex with prostitute?
What is the scope of digital marketing?	Scope in digital marketing?
Why is sleep paralysis dangerous?	Is sleep paralysis dangerous?
How do psychopathy and sociopathy relate?	Is psychopathy a form of sociopathy?
What are some free ways to increase traffic on my website?	What should be my action plan to increase free traffic to my website?
What would you do if you find 100 billion dollars?	If you were to find 100 billion dollars?
How do you make a good pizza dough?	How do you make the best pizza dough?
Which is the funniest meme (picture) you have come across?	What is the funniest meme you have ever came across?
When and how were pulleys made?	How is a pulley made?
Ways to earn money easily?	How do I get money easily?
Why should one vote for Hillary Clinton in the 2016 presidential election?	Why should I vote for Hillary Clinton and not Trump?
Why do black holes exist?	My friend told me black holes don't exist. Is this true?
What is Theta?	What is a theta?
How do I learn about information security?	How can I learn about the basics of computer and information security?
Where can find best hotels of Rajasthan?	Where can I find the best hotel in Rajasthan?
What are the best ways to make money while studying in an engineering college?	What are some good ways to make money while studying in engineering college?
Who are some celebrities that have a Quora account?	Which celebrities are there on Quora?
Does America have only two political parties?	Why is it difficult for America to break out of the two party system?
What are the benefits of working for government?	What are the benefits of government job?
What do you think of indonesian people?	What do you think about Indonesian people?
How can one join Delta Force?	I want to join the Delta Force. How can I do it?
Daniel Ek: Why isn't Spotify available in India? When is it launching in India?	Is Spotify not available in India?
What is the scariest thing you have ever come across?	Scary Situations: What is the scariest thing you've ever seen?
What is a rough endoplasmic reticulum?	What are the functions of the rough endoplasmic reticulum in plant cells?
Where did the Congress of Vienna meet and how did it lead to World War I?	How if at all did the Congress of Vienna of 1815 lead to WWI?
What are some baby girl names starting with Mo?	What are latest baby girl names starting with "Mo"?
What are the best freelancing website?	What are the best freelancing sites?
What is the best place for a first date in Chennai?	What are the best places to go on a date in Chennai?
Why can't I forget my girlfriend?	Why can't I forget my first girlfriend?
What is context free grammar?	What is a context-free grammar?
What is the easiest way to kill yourself without feeling any pain?	What's the "easiest" way to kill yourself with your bare hands without suffering?
What are some must see movies?	Which are the must watch movies?
Donald trump: what could happen if Donald Trump becomes president?	What would be some pros and cons of Donald Trump becoming president?
How can I manage my anger?	What is the best treatment for controlling anger?
Is the evil eye real? What are your experiences?	Is the evil eye real?
What are some of the best designed cities?	What is the best designed city in the world?
How true is it that cannabis can cure cancer?	Is it true that marijuana can cure cancer? Are there any scientific researches to show evidences?
How do I advertise on Quora?	Am I allowed to advertise on Quora?
What are the best ways to prepare for CAT in the final three months?	How can I prepare for the CAT in 3 months?
What is it in soil that makes it smell so good after the first rain?	What really creates the smell of rain?
How can I get started with building virtual reality apps?	How do I get involved with virtual reality development?
How would I stratify my preparations for the CAT 2017?	How can I prepare for CAT 2017?
Who are the likely Democratic candidates to run in 2020?	Who are some Democrats who could run against Trump in 2020?
How can I get rid of my acne?	How do I to get rid of acne scars?
What is the difference between deep learning and usual machine learning?	What is the difference between machine learning and deep learning?
How do you tell a friend she/he has a terrible body odour without hurting her/his feelings?	How do I tell my male colleagues that they have body odor without offending them?
How can you stop your Beagle Australian Shepherd mix puppies from biting your shoes?	How do you stop a English Bulldog/Pitbull mix puppy from biting my shoes?
How can you make a friend?	How do I make more friends? How do I?
Is ice more or less dense than water?	Is ice lighter than water?
Why isn't there a directory for cell phone numbers?	How do you get cell phone numbers?
How do I improve presence of mind?	How do one develop presence of mind?
Why am I not getting credits for some A2As?	Why am I not getting any credits for A2A?
What are some easy life hacks?	What are the best 1 minute life hacks?
Is it really true that the Captain of a ship can legally marry people?	Is it really true that the captain of a ship can marry a couple while at sea?
How will Donald Trump benefit India?	How will Trump becoming President affect India?
What is the memory capacity of the human brain in terabytes?	What is the human brains memory capacity?
What is mean by an odd number?	What do you mean by an odd number?
How do I make cake?	How can I make a delicious cake?
What are some arguments for and against the classification of transgender as a mental illness?	Is transgender a mental illness?
Where can I buy cider gifts online?	Where can I buy cider online?
At what time should I drink green tea to be fit?	Why is Lipton's green tea helpful for losing weight?
How can you best explain cellular respiration to a child?	How do you explain the steps of cellular respiration to kids?
How do I slim down bulky legs?	How can I slim my upper legs?
How do I prepare for CA CPT exam without getting demotivated?	How can I prepare for CA CPT 2017?
Why does a man brag about sexual experiences to a woman he is suppose to like?	Why does a man brag to a woman he is suppose to like about past sexual relationships?
How can I listen to FM radio using iPhone 6 Plus?	How can I receive FM radio broadcasts on my iPhone 6s Plus?
Is time travel to 2010 possible?	Is time travel possible and if yes can we travel only in past or future or both?
What are the differences between a BB gun and an Airsoft gun?	What are the differences between a BB and an Airsoft gun?
Which mobile phone is the best under 15k?	Which is the best phone under 15000 Rs.?
Is it possible to make time machine and do time travel?	Is time traval possible in future?
How can I start making money using internet?	How do I earn money from the Internet?
Do You Think Gay Marriages or Homosexuality Should Be Legal In India?	Do you feel gay marriage should be legalized in India?
What is the most beautiful memory you have?	What is your most beautiful memory?
Which is the best website builder online?	What is the best online web builder for free?
Is the stock market rigged?	Is the U.S. stock market rigged?
How do I reset a Snapchat password?	How do I reset my password for snapchat when I don't remember the old one?
How will banning Rs. 500 and Rs. 1000 notes help in overcoming corruption in India?	Would banning notes of denominations 500 and 1000 help to curb the black money in system?
Which branch is good for Mtech in ECE?	Which branch is better for an MTech in ECE to get a good opportunity for placements?
What is the best shampoo for hair?	What are the best shampoos for hair?
How can I improve my memory power?	How do I my increase memory power?
How do I become a college professor?	How does one become a professor?
How can I spend quality time with kids?	How can I spend quality time with my children?
How can I learn a Scottish accent?	How can I learn how to speak with a Scottish accent?
What are polysaccharides? What are some examples?	What are examples of three polysaccharides?
How imminent is World War three?	Is World War 3 on the way with the US Elections?
How can I be rich and happy?	How can you be rich and happy?
How do I increase IQ?	How to increase IQ level?
Why are there still people who believe the world is flat?	Why do some people today still believe that the Earth is flat? What evidence has convinced them that this is so?
Do Japanese like Indian food?	Do Japanese people have an appetite for Indian food?
Law of Attraction: Does the concept of creative visualization really work?	Does creative visualization work? If so what is the correct procedure?
Will war happen between India and Pakistan?	What are the chances of war between India and Pakistan and its effects on India's economy?
How do I download Game of Thrones?	Where can we download game of thrones?
How do I deal with stage fright?	How do I get rid of a very bad stage fright?
Is Indian media worst in the world?	Is the Indian mainstream media (MSM) one of the worst in the world?
What are the best anti-feminism critiques of Feminism?	What are the best refutations of & arguments against Feminism?
What is the best way to go about learning JavaScript?	What are the online resources for learning javascript?
Why do we sometimes get suddenly depressed for no reason?	Why do I often suddenly get depressed for no reason?
How can you tell if a guy likes you or not?	How can you tell a if guy likes you?
Which is the best restaurant in the Mumbai?	Which is the best restaurant in Mumbai?
What is the effect of demonetization of 500 and 1000 rupees note?	Is Modi's decision on demonetization of 500 and 1000 notes welcomed by public?
What's the best compliment you've got?	What is the best compliment you've ever got?
How can I specifically improve my English?	How do I learn spoken English?
Why Singapore prohibited chewing gum?	Why did Singapore ban chewing gum?
How are animals affected by global warming?	How is wildlife affected by global warming?
What is the use of nuclear reactors in generating electricity?	How do nuclear reactor makes electricity?
Are the sets of numbers that broadcast from private radio stations numbers only for the dark web sites?	Are the sets of numbers that broadcast from private radio stations numbers only are they dark web sites?
Why did Tata Sons removed/sacked Cyrus Mistry as the chairman?	Why Cyrus Mistry has been removed from Tata Group?
How do I build a profile to get an MBA admission in top US MBA schools?	What all should I do to build a strong profile for MBA admissions to top B-schools in USA?
Which is the best book to start studying calculus?	Which are the best books to understand calculus?
What are the best apps for blocking unwanted calls?	What is the best app to block unwanted voice messages and calls?
Why do men abuse women?	Why do men hit and abuse woman?
Donald Trump has won the presidency election. How does it affect US relations with India?	How will Trump becoming President affect India?
What is GRE? How can I prepare for it?	What is the GRE? How do I prepare for it?
What is the best book to learn c#?	What are the best book to learn C#?
Why doesn't India have a US-like Prime Ministerial one-to-one debate?	What do you think about having a prime ministerial debate in India like they have Presidential debate in the US?
What is the best way to change your life?	How you can change your life?
Will a mini display cable work with a thunderbolt port?	Does a Thunderbolt equipped Mac work with a mini display port to VGA converter?
Why don't we have Presidential debate in India like America for PM candidates?	Why can't India also have a Presidential debate like in the US?
How can I find duplicate content on my website?	How do I check for duplicate content on my website?
How can I improve my writing? I have started writing articles and I want to write with more authenticity. What can I do?	How do I improve my writing?
Why is Manaphy childish in Pokémon Ranger and the Temple of the Sea?	Why does Manaphy have an annoying cry in PokeMon ranger and the temple of the sea?
What makes an argument successful?	What makes an argument "sound"?
How does a Star Wars lightsaber work?	How did lightsabers work?
How do I clear cat?	What does it take to clear CAT?
What are some best books to prepare for IBPS PO?	Suggest me best book for puzzle in resoning for IBPS PO?
Can you still get pregnant one day before menstruation?	Can i get pregnant the day after my period ends?
How can one make a girl squirt?	How can you make a women squirt?
How can one join Delta Force?	How can you qualify to be part of the army's Delta Force?
How do I get into my Facebook if I can't remember passwords and I can't access email account?	How can I get my password back from Facebook if my email address doesn't exist anymore?
How can I make money from YouTube?	How can I make money through YouTube?
How is black money gonna go off with no longer the use of same 500 and 1000 notes?	How will the scrapping of Rs 500 and Rs 1000 notes help in reducing black money and corruption?
What's the best morning routine for me?	What is the best morning routine?
How can I earn money easily for part time job?	Which is the best way to earn money by part time job?
Why does Sonakshi Sinha still get to work in movies?	How does Sonakshi Sinha get movies?
Which is the best phone to buy under 15000 INR?	Which is the best smartphone to buy for 15000 INR?
Is Donald Trump mentally ill?	Have there every been any mental stability issues in Donald Trump life?
What should I do if I lost my high school diploma?	How can I recover my lost high school diploma?
What would have happened to election if Bernie Sanders was Democratic nominee?	Would Bernie Sanders have defeated Donald Trump?
How do I get a job in Quora business and community team?	I would love to get into community management at Quora. How can I get a job?
What are the best books to study automobile engineering?	What are the best books for the course of automobile engineering?
Has a U.S. presidential nominee from one of the major parties ever dropped out of the race before the election?	Has a major party candidate ever dropped out of the general election?
How do I start preparation for IAS?	How prepared IAS?
How can I find all my Gmail IDs?	Where is my other gmail accounts?
Where do I get cheap accommodation in goa?	What are cheap but good hotels to live in goa?
Is Eminem's time over?	Is eminem's fame decreasing?
What is the role of a movie director?	What are the duties of a movie director?
Why did the Russians lose the Winter War?	Why did the Soviet Union lose the Winter War of 1939?
What would happen if India completely bans all imports from China?	Will China be hurt if India bans imports from it?
What are the best option after completing my B.Tech in mechanical engineering?	How will a gap of two years after earning a mechanical B.Tech affect my career?
AVG antivirus technical support phone number to install AVG antivirus software setup?	Fix@~ 1.8009315079 AVG Antivirus technical support phone number?
Is there a drug to make you assumed dead?	Is there a drug makes you seem dead?
How would demonetizing 500 and 1000 rupee notes and introducing new 2000 rupee notes help curb black money and corruption?	How can scrapping use of 500 and 1000 rupee currency notes in India solve problem of corruption?
What is the most delicious food in the world?	Which is the best food in the world?
What is the meaning of "Life"?	What is the meaning of this life?
How hard do billionaires actually work?	How hard do most billionaires work for their money?
What is wrong with Indian education system? How can we improve it?	What can we do to improve the Indian education system?
How can one do for good handwriting?	What must I do to have good handwriting?
What are the must watch movies to see before you die?	What are the "must watch" movies before you die?
How do I make sex first time less painful?	Does sex always hurt the first time?
How is everyone earning millions from home by just using Uber app?	How are my friends earning millions from home just by using Uber app?
What does your homescreen look like?	What does your smartphone's homescreen look like?
Why did you vote for Trump?	What was your rationale behind voting for Trump?
How do I improve practical knowledge?	How do I improve my practical knowledge?
How could I improve my English pronunciation?	How I can speak English fluently?
What is the difference between bachelor of engineering and bachelor of techonology?	What is the difference between a Bachelor of Engineering and a Bachelor of Technology?
I'm in love with myself. What do I do?	I am in love with myself. What should I do?
Is psychiatry bullshit?	Is psychiatry reliable?
What are the biggest struggles of small business owners and startups?	What are the biggest struggles for small business owners?
Why does Quora have a character limit for question titles and details?	Why is there a word limit for question details?
Who is or was the best Prime Minister of India and why?	Who is the best prime minister India has ever got?
What is it like to have a gang bang?	What is it to be gang banged?
What are your top 10 favorite Britney Spears songs?	What are your 5 favourite Britney Spears songs? Why?
What's your opinion about the decision on removal of 500 and 1000 rupees currency notes?	What is the effect of demonetization of 500 and 1000 rupees note?
How can I get rid of my acne?	Is there any treatment for acne?
What are the best ways to speak English fluently?	How do I speak English properly and confidently?
Is contact lens better than glasses?	Why are contact lenses better than glasses?
What would be a realistic plan to lose weight?	How should one change their diet to lose weight?
Where can I score weed in goa?	What is the best place to buy weed in Goa?
Are there people who had successful long distance relationships? Can you tell me about your successful experience with long distance relationship?	How do I survive in a long distance relationship?
How will banning ₹1000 and ₹500 notes affect those who have money in Swiss bank accounts?	What will happen to corruption money deposited by Indian politicians in Swiss bank after banning 500 and 1000 rupees notes?
Did Hitler ever murder someone by himself?	Did Hitler himself actually murder any Jewish people?
Can you give me some advice on losing weight?	What is the most effective everlasting method of losing weight?
How do I log in to Quora and log out?	How do I log out on Quora?
Why does my question keep getting marked as needing improvement?	Why is every question I post on Quora marked as needing clarification?
Did EA make the right choice in releasing Battlefield 1 and Titanfall a week apart?	Why is EA releasing Battlefield 1 and Titanfall so close?
What is the best thing you have done on first night after marriage?	What is the best thing you have done on your first night after marriage to turn on your partner?
Will swimming increase height after 20 years of age?	How can I increase in height after 20 years?
How do I retrieve deleted snapchat messages on Android?	How do I retrieve deleted Snapchat messages?
Does a strongly interacting dark matter which fills 'empty' space and is displaced by matter make too much sense for physicists to understand?	Is curved spacetime the state of displacement of the strongly interacting dark matter which fills ‘empty’ space?
Why is the Indian society so much obsessed with caste?	Why is the Indian society/government so obsessed with religion/caste?
Which are the most underrated movies in Bollywood?	Which is the most underrated Bollywood movie?
How can I make time go by faster?	How can you make time appear to go faster?
Why do my easy-to-understand questions keep getting marked as "needing improvement" on Quora?	Why are so many questions from students and non-native speakers marked as "needing improvement"?
Too Much of Anything Is Bad. Do you have experiences that too much of Quora is bad for you?	Can too much Quora be a bad thing?
How do we know Plastic is non-biodegradable?	Why isn't plastic biodegradable?
Who created God n who created those who created God?	If God has created everything then where did he come from?
Why does it hurt to love someone?	Why does love hurt?
Is it physically possible to travel back in time?	Is it actually possible to travel through time?
How can I make money online without spending money?	Where can make money online free?
How can I create a new website like Quora?	How do I create a similar website to Quora?
What is the expected cut off for the SSC CGL Tier 1 2016?	What is the expected cut off for SSC CGL 2016 for general category?
Robert Frost: How do astronauts practise working in zero gravity on Earth?	How do the astronauts practise for zero gravity on earth?
What is the oldest religion?	Which is the oldest relegion in the world?
How many atheletes from India have won medals in the Olympics to-date?	How many medals did India win in the Olympics?
Which is the best book by any Indian writer?	What are the best books by Indian authors?
What is the formula for cellular respiration and photosynthesis?	What is the chemical formula for photosynthesis? How is this determined?
What are some recommended books for cs executive December 2016 for all subjects?	What books should be referred for Cs executive accounts and security law?
What does it mean to be a true conservative?	What does it mean to be a conservative?
What can one do to improve sense of humour?	What should I do to improve my sense of humour?
Can you sum up your life in one sentence?	How would you describe your life in one sentence?
How can I improve my communication skills specially pronunciation skill?	What should I do improve my communication skill?
From where I can LEARN Ethical Hacking?	How do I learn ethical hacking and what is pentesting?
How does Donald Trump expect Mexico to pay for his proposed border wall?	How is it possible for Donald Trump to force Mexico to pay for the wall?
What are the benefits of being a world finalist in ACM-ICPC?	What are the benefits of being an ACM-ICPC world finalist?
Could someone explain me Ron and Hermione love story?	Why is Hermione never attracted to Harry? Why fall in love with Ron instead of Harry?
How do I start from the scraps in an online business?	How does one start an online business?
Does energy drinks have bull sperm in it?	Does energy drinks contain bull semen?
How do I add pictures to Quora questions?	How do I upload pictures to Quora questions?
What are your favorite games for Xbox one and why?	What's your favorite game for Xbox one?
Why MBA after BE?	Does doing MBA after engineering help in building carrier in the IT industry?
How can I get better at tennis?	How can I be a better tennis player?
How will Indian GDP be affected from banning 500 and 1000 rupees notes?	What will be the effects after banning on 500 and 1000 rupee notes?
How did Quora change your life?	How has Quora brought changes in your day to day life?
Where can I find a hacker?	Where can I hire a serious hacker?
How do you delete your Yahoo email account?	How do you permanently delete your Yahoo account?
What's the most important lesson you've learned in life?	What are the most important lessons you have learned in your life and when did you learn them?
Who are burning the schools in Kashmir and why?	Who's creating insurgency by burning and demolishing schools of Kashmir Valley?
What's your very earliest childhood memory and why has it stuck with you all this time?	What is your earliest childhood memory that you can recall?
How can improve my English speaking?	I want to improve my English?
Why shouldn't we vote for Donald Trump?	Why shouldn't I vote for Donald Trump?
Which is the best SBI debit card?	Can you explain which one is best SBI debit card?
How can I increase the traffic to a website?	How can I increase traffic to my site and what are some suggestions on how to get more of it?
Does International Space Station has a commanding officer or a captain?	Does International Space Station as a commanding officer or a captain?
What's the difference between analog and digital system?	What's the main difference between digital and analog?
How do l improve my communication skills?	How do I improve my communication skills in one month?
Who owns the Internet?	Who 'owns' the Internet?
What are some arguments in support of electing Donald Trump?	What are some reasonable and logical reasons to vote for Donald Trump?
Why does my throat hurts when I swallow?	Why does my throat hurt when I swallow?
Is there any way to stop terrorism?	How can we stop terrorism permanently?
Why did the National Media of India is always Northern biased?	Why the National Media in India is always pro-Northern media?
Why do people ask questions on Quora that can easily be answered by Google?	Why do so many people ask questions on Quora that can be easily answered by any number of legitimate sources on the Web? Have they not heard of Google or Bing?
How do I deal with my trust issues?	How do I deal with trusting issues?
What do foreigners think of Indian Prime Minister Narendra Modi?	What does a foreigner think about Indian prime minister Narendra Modi?
How do I reduce my anger?	How do you control your anger?
How so I ask questions on Quora?	How can I make a question in Quora?
Who is the best-looking woman from your country?	Who is considered the most beautiful woman in your country?
What are certain things that makes Indians happy?	What are some things that makes Indian's happy?
What is like to be a child of a porn star?	How does it feel to be a child of a pornstar?
How should I improve my english communication skills?	How could I improve my English pronunciation?
Can I make money online?	How do I really make money online?
What are the cutest animals?	Which is the cutest animal in the world?
What are the Internet facilities at JUIT Waknaghat?	What are the internet facilities provided at JUIT Waknaghat?
How does one develop "game"?	How do you develop a game?
What are the steps involved in the scientific method? How are they used?	What are the steps of the scientific method?
Why did Colombia reject the peace deal?	Why did the Colombian people vote no on the FARC peace deal?
How will the new currency notes of denomination 500 and 2000 curb black money?	How effective is scrapping 500 and 1000 rupee notes? Will it reduce black money?
How do I homeschool my kids?	What is the best way to homeschool my kids?
How do I play basketball?	How I can play basketball well?
How can I get into a good college?	What's the best way to be sure to get into a really good college?
How do I break out of my comfort zone?	Should I step out of my comfort zone? What's the point of stepping out of comfort zone?
What was the scariest experience you ever had?	What was the scariest experience?
What is dating in Australia like?	What is dating like in Australia?
What are some subtle ways to tell if a guy is gay?	How can I tell if a guy I am interested in is gay?
Will Donald Trump make Russia great again?	Will Trumpocalypse make Russia great again?
The Indian government is banning the Rs. 500 & Rs. 1000 notes but it is coming up with the Rs. 2000 note. Will it not cause a generation of black money in the future?	How would changing the 500 and 1000 currency notes help indian government in dealing with corruption?
How do I increase likes on Instagram?	How will I boost my likes on Instagram?
What did Napoleon lose at the Battle of Waterloo?	How did Napoleon lose the Battle of Waterloo?
How do I prevent myself from dozing off during lectures?	How can I prevent myself from zoning out during lectures?
Why does M.S Dhoni left captaincy for ODI and T20?	Why did M.S.Dhoni left captaincy from ODI & T20?
Is an outgoing call on Jio free for life?	Are Jio calls really free for life or not?
I am 22 years old and have a savings of 50K. What is the best place to invest my money?	I have ₹50000 and I am a 22 year old student. What is the best way to utilize this money?
What were the major causes for the fall of the Roman Empire?	What are the causes of the fall of the Roman Empire?
Which color do you like most?	What color do you like? Why?
How can I get better at maths?	How can I get better in math?
What would happen to an astronaut who took their helmet off in space for a few seconds?	What would happen if you opened your helmet in space for a few seconds?
What are the differences between being circumcised and not being circumcised?	What is the difference between circumcised and non circumcised?
Is there any cure for cancer?	Scientist that are currently answering is there a cure for cancer? Explain?
What is the difference between baking powder and baking soda? How are they used differently for cleaning?	What is the difference between baking powder and baking soda?
What are the characteristics of red blood cells?	What are characteristics only red blood cells posses?
What was one of your life changing experiences?	What is that one incident that changed your life completely?
Why do some smart and wise people think Earth is flat?	Why do some people think Earth is flat?
Where can I buy custom printed lanyards in Melbourne?	Where can I get most affordable printed lanyards in Melbourne?
Why tata motors for ece students?	What kind of projects are done at Tata Motors LTD for ECE students?
What is the "Mysterious Bermuda Triangle"?	What is Bermuda triangle mystery?
How can I stop masturbation?	How should I stop masturbating?
Why do teachers study sociology of education?	What is the sociology of education? Why is its role in teacher education important?
Why don't we have cars that run on water?	Can you run your car on water?
What are some of the most important lessons you have learnt in 2016?	What important lessons you have learnt in 2016(year)?
What is the most craziest thing you ever did in your life?	What is the most craziest thing ever did in your life?
What are some great side dish ideas that go with salmon?	What are some great side dish ideas for salmon?
Why is Pokémon GO so popular?	Why is Pokémon GO more popular than other games?
Is there a scientific name for what existed before the Big Bang?	What existed before the creation of our universe?
What is the fastest way to lose weight safely?	How can someone lose weight quickly?
Can I claim married in my pay stub if I'm single?	Can I claim married on my pay stubs if I'm single?
What is an accurate way of finding my IQ Score?	What is the most accurate way to measure IQ?
Is there Wi-Fi on airplanes?	How does the Wi-Fi on airplanes work?
Can anyone tell me some real life karma experiences?	Are there real life karma police?
What real verifiable evidence is there that Jesus was crucified?	Was Jesus a real person?
What is your creative New Year's resolution for 2017?	What is your resolution for 2017?
What is this upvote and downvote in Quora?	What is an upvote on Quora?
How do you apply to google?	Can anyone apply to Google?
How can I get better in math?	What are some ways to get better at maths?
What would happen if you went back in time and killed your grandfather?	What would happen if you are able to travel to the past and kill your grandfather?
When do you feel the happiest?	When do you feel happiest?
How do I control my mind?	What should I do to control my mind?
How can I get a list of my Gmail accounts?	How can I find all my Gmail IDs?
How much should an event consultant charge?	How much does an event consultant charge?
Why transformers are not characterized by power factor?	Why does power in transformer is represented without power factor?
Which are some of Best YouTube videos to learn Japanese?	What are the good channels available in YouTube for learning Japanese?
How can I know if a. guy likes me?	How do I know if a guy likes me in office?
Why do I need to philosophize with others?	Why do we need to philosophize with others?
How do I learn basics of stock market?	How do you join and start investing into the stock market?
How many wives did Akbar have?	How many wives did akbar have? And their names?
What are the differences between Computer Engineering and IT Engineering?	What is difference between a computer science engineer and an IT engineer?
How do I reduce my weight?	How do I reduce body weight?
Which is the best way to learn AngularJS?	What is the best way to learn AngularJS?
Is Morocco a safe travel destination?	Is Morocco safe to travel to right now?
What is the main function of nuclear plants?	What is the purpose of using nuclear power plants?
Does/Should the Be Nice Policy apply to individuals who are not on Quora?	Does the be nice be respectful policy apply to public figures or just to people on Quora?
What are applications of orthogonal trajectories?	What are the orthogonal trajectories and what are some of its applications?
Which is the easiest language to learn besides learning English?	Which is the easiest language to learn besides English?
Does technology create need for more technology?	Is technology creating need for more technology?
What is the best way to get a real estate license in Texas?	How do I get real estate license in Texas?
What are the best ways to lose weight fast?	How can I lose my weight quickly ?
What are some of the best audiobooks?	What are the best audiobooks?
How do I stop loving a person who does not love me?	How should I stop loving someone who does not love me?
Where can I found best quality commercial and residential fire sprinkler systems in Sydney?	Where can I get top-quality fire sprinkler services in Sydney?
What is a Support Vector Machine?	What is Support Vector Machine?
How many employees are working at Wipro?	How many employees are working in Wipro Ltd?
I have know about bluetooth module? What are other prerequisite thing should I know to start bluetooth module?	I have know about bluetooth module? What are other prerequisite thing should I know before starting bluetooth module?
How safe are hot air balloons?	How safe is hot air ballooning?
Which are the best hotels or resorts in Mussoorie?	Which are the best hotels or resorts to stay in Mussoorie?
How do i get myself a girlfriend?	How can l get a girlfriend?
How can I tell if someone is lying on video chat?	How can you tell if someone is lying on the phone?
What are the repercussions of 500 and 1000 rupee notes not being legal tender anymore?	What will be the effects of demonetisation of 500 and 1000 notes on the Indian economy?
What are the best books one should read?	What are some good books that one must read?
What is wrong with the American education system?	What is wrong with the current education system in the US?
Do we need to believe in astrologers?	Do we really need to believe in astrology?
How do I download a whole playlist of 40 videos on YouTube in one go?	How can I download an entire Youtube playlist as separate MP4 files?
What are the safety precautions on handling shotguns proposed by the NRA in Illinois?	What are the safety precautions on handling shotguns proposed by the NRA in Mississippi?
Does it turn off a guy if I drink 2cans of 4lokos in his car before going into the club/bar?	Does it turn off a guy if I drink 2 cans of 4loko malt liquor beverage in his car before we even go into the bar?
What are Google Panda updates?	What is the Google Panda Update?
How can we end violence against women?	What are the 10 most important things that the Indian Government should do to stop violence against women?
How does one become a witch?	How can I become a witch?
What is the best English-to-German translation software?	What is the best English to German translation app?
How do I prepare for UGC NET English Literature thoroughly?	What are the name of the books for UGC net English literature?
What is the best question asked on Quora? What was the best answer?	What is the most important question asked on Quora?
Is Pokémon GO overrated?	Do you think Pokémon GO is overrated?
What could cause a world war ?	What could cause a world war?
How do tornadoes form?	Why do tornadoes occur?
Does Kanye West even have a remote chance in the 2020 election?	Do you think Kanye West could win the 2020 election?
How will demonetization of ‎₹1000 and ‎₹500 notes will help curb the rampant black currency in India?	Will the decision to demonetize 500 and 1000 rupee notes help to curb black money?
What is the scientific reason for homosexuality?	Is there a scientific explanation for homosexuality?
How does a robot work?	How do robots work?
Why should I prepare for GATE (CSE)?	How do I prepare for GATE CSE?
What are the closest solutions to completing the Ironman suit?	Is it possible with our current technology to create an Ironman suit?
How can I gain weight naturally?	How do I gain weight?
How do I gain weight in a healthy way?	How can gain my weight?
What is the QuickBooks technical support phone number in New York?	What is Quickbooks tech support number in Arizona?
What would happen if there was no Moon?	What if we had no moon?
What are the hardest puzzles asked in interview?	What are the puzzles asked in an interview?
How do I get the offer from university such as Johns Hopkins?	How can I get into Johns Hopkins University?
How can I win in UGC Net Exam in English literature?	How do I prepare for UGC NET English?
What are the best mobile phones technology gadgets?	What are some of the best phones tools and gadgets?
Which is best movie?	What are the best movies of all time?
Who was your favorite character in Star Trek series?	Who is your favorite Star Trek character and why?
Which is the best headphone below Rs. 5000?	Which headphone is best under INR 5000?
Is masturbating a sin according to Christian?	Is masturbation is a sin according to Christianity?
How are IIT professors paid?	How much salary do IIT professors get?
What's your favorite Bollywood song and why?	What is your favorite Bollywood song? Why?
Why are so many Quora questions about factual information that the questioner could easily look up?	Why do many Quora users ask questions they could look up online?
What do after leaving the job?	What happens after you leave your well paying job?
What is the definition of civil engineering?	What is the meaning of civil engineering?
What are the best ways to learn vocabulary (of a foreign language you're learning)?	How should I learn Vocabulary in a foreign language?
What places should I visit during my visit to Kerala during July?	What are the must places to visit in Kerala (6-7 days)?
What should I do to overcome my anger?	How can we control anger?
What is beyond the observable universe?	What is there after the observable universe?
How does banning 500 and 1000 rupee notes help to control black money?	How will the India demonetization of 500 and 1000 rupees notes will reduce black money?
Why is my wifi randomly disconnecting?	Why does my WiFi keep disconnecting? What is the solution for this problem?
How does Quora decide which answer to collapse and which to accept?	How does Quora decide what answers to collapse?
Why does the soccer goalkeeper wear number 1?	Why do goalkeepers wear T-shirts with the number 1 on the back?
What are your New Years resolutions for 2017?	What's your resolutions for 2017?
How do I save money while online shopping in india?	How can I save money while shopping online in India?
What are some mind blowing technology tools that most people don't know?	What are some mind blowing things that mos't people dont know?
How do I become a web developer?	How can I become a web developer?
What are the most apparent symptoms of paranoia?	What are the symptoms of paranoia?
What are some good romantic comedy movies?	What are some of the best underrated romantic comedy movies?
How can one make money starting a blog?	How to make money with blogging?
How can I Start NGO in India?	How can I start a NGO in India?
How can I really start losing weight?	How do I lose weight?
How could I get a Jio sim card?	What is the best way to get a Jio sim card?
Dose Google send key word to the cops if you look up certain things?	Does Google send key words to cops if you look up certain things?
How do you track a missing person?	How do I track a missing person?
What are the best movies to watch in Hollywood?	What are the best top 10 movies of Hollywood ever?
Is aluminum cookware bad?	Is cast aluminum cookware safe? Why?
How will the ban on Rs 500 and 1000 notes impact the Indian economy?	What will be the repercussions of banning Rs 500 and Rs 1000 notes on Indian economy?
What can India do to improve its performance in the Olympics games?	How can India improve sports performance in Olympics?
How do I track that my email was opened by the recipient?	How can one track whether sent email was read?
What are some ways of converting 15 mg to ml?	How do you convert mg dosage to ml?
How do I beat social anxiety?	How can I beat social anxiety?
How do you fix an iPod that won't turn on?	How do I fix an iPod that isn't responding?
What is the cause of conflict between Israel and Palestine?	Why is there conflict between the people of Israel and Palestine?
What is the best way to become a successful professional photographer?	How do I become professional photographer?
What programming language shoud I learn?	What programming languages are best to learn?
What should be the requirements to do an MS in mechanical engineering in Germany?	What qualifications are required to do an MS in mechanical engineering in Germany?
What's long term memory loss? What are its causes?	What are the causes of long term memory loss?
What is planning commission?	Planning commission?
Why do only a handful reach the ultimate top whereas others dont?	Why some reach the ultimate top and others dont?
How do I lose stubborn belly fat?	How we lose belly fat india?
How do you differentiate between a Boeing and an Airbus?	What standard attributes distinguish a Boeing aircraft from an Airbus?
How was your experience in the Mumbai Quora 16th October Meet-Up as compared to any other previous meet-up that you have been a part of?	How was the 16th October Quora Mumbai Meetup?
How is the value of 0! 1?	Why the factorial of 0 is 1?
How do I post something in Quora?	How do I post here?
What are the best Gujarati books?	What are the best books in Gujarati literature?
What exactly is Islamophobia?	What is Islamophobia?
How can I start learning and doing programming again?	How do I start learning programming?
What is there in the Bermuda triangle?	What is the fact behind Bermuda triangle?
Can I increase my IQ?	How can one increase and improve his IQ?
What is your currently most played song in playlist?	What song do you currently play on repeat?
What are subcultures? What are some examples?	What are subcultures in society? What are some examples?
Which is your favorite colour and why?	What are your favorite colours and why is it?
Is there life on other planets and are they more advanced than us?	Is it possible that there is life in other planets?
Is it a bad idea to major in the humanities?	Is majoring in liberal arts a mistake for college students today? Is it a bad idea to major in the humanities?
Which answer on Quora has got greatest upvotes?	Which answer on Quora got the most likes yet?
How do I recover my Gmail account when it does not open after password reset?	How do you recover your gmail account password?
How is black money curbed with the ban of 1000 rupee notes and introducing new 500 and 2000 rupee notes?	Would banning notes of denominations 500 and 1000 help to curb the black money in system?
How does the HP OfficeJet 4620 Airprint compare to the HP LaserJet Enterprise 700 Printer M712dn?	How does the HP OfficeJet 4620 Airprint compare to the HP Color LaserJet Enterprise M553x?
How are macromolecules made?	How is a macromolecule made? What does a macromolecule do?
Why is the "appeal" button for a collapsed answer not working?	Why does "Appeal" to a Quora collapsed question not work?
Is current feminism just female chauvinism?	What's the difference between feminism and female chauvinism?
How can I get the funding for my startup without revealing my idea?	How should I go about getting funding for my idea?
Can you name some interesting topics to write an article for college magazine?	What should be the interesting topic for college magazine?
How do I become digital marketing expert?	What are good ways to learn to become the best digital marketer?
How do I delete my topics in Quora?	How do you delete a topic on Quora?
What are the best programming resources on the web?	What are the best free resources for computer programmers and people learning to program?
Why are American Saltwater Taffy candies imported in Japan?	Why is Saltwater taffy candy imported in Australia?
How do you explain the international date line to a ten years student?	What is the International Date Line? How would you explain it to a 10 year old?
How do I cope with an arrogant teacher?	How do I deal with an arrogant teacher?
What are the most awesome places worth visiting in Chennai?	What are some of the great places to visit in Chennai?
How did you catch your spouse cheating?	How do I catch my cheating husband?
What is the best way to make money fast?	What is the best way to to make money?
Was Princess Diana killed by the British secret service?	Does anyone believe Princess Diana death was an accident and the British monarchy didn't order her death?
What is true meaning of jihad?	What is meaning of JIHAD nowadays?
Does penis size really matter during sex?	Does penis size matters for girls?
How does banning 500 and 1000 rupee notes help to control black money?	How exactly does banning Rs 500 and Rs 1000 notes curb the problem of black money?
What is the scam?	What is a scam?
Does anyone regret having kids?	Did you ever regret having kids?
What is Quora all about.?	What is Quora and how does it works?
What is your biggest regret of your life?	What is your worst regret in life?
How can one stop being a procrastinator?	How can I stop being lazy?
How do I speed up the WordPress website?	What is the best way to speed up WordPress website?
What is a decent movie for Halloween?	What  is a great scary movie to watch on Halloween?
What are some quick and creative side dishes using stuffed peppers?	What are some healthy side dishes with stuffed peppers?
How can you make the best out of networking events?	What are the best tips and tricks for getting the most out of meetups and networking events?
How much does it cost to start an airline?	How much does it cost to open an airline?
How do I make my drawings more realistic?	How can I make my drawings more realistic?
What are some animals that live in the desert?	What are the types of animals that live in a desert?
How should I earn money online working from home?	How does one earn money online without an investment from home?
What are the best fields to pursue masters in mechanical engineering?	Which is the best field for masters in mechanical engineering?
Was Karl Marx a genius?	Is Karl Marx overrated?
What is the best way to reduce belly and arm fat?	How do I reduce belly fat in minimal time?
What are the greatest novels of all time?	What are some of the greatest novels of all time? Why are they great?
How should one choose the right career?	How can I choose the right career?
What do you think life would be like without freedom?	What is life like without any freedom?
What is a positive thinking?	What is positive thinking and what is not?
My parents are forcing to marry a girl of their choice. I love another. What should I do?	Shall I marry a girl I love or a girl of my parents choice?
What is Uniform Civil Code and why Muslims are opposing it?	Why are Muslims in India not supporting Uniform Civil Code?
What do you think about Malala Yousafzai?	What are your views about Malala Yousafzai?
How can I remove my account from Quora?	How do I withdraw at Quora?
What are the career options in Cyber Security?	What are the career opportunities for cyber security?
How can one earn money on Quora?	How can you make money from Quora?
What would happen if India and Pakistan reunites like Berlin?	Could India and Pakistan reunite in future.What will be the effects of reunificaton?
What is the trick to maintaining long distance relationships?	How are long distance relationships maintained?
What is the difference between humans and the other animals?	Is there no real difference between humans and other animals?
What is primary purpose of life?	What is ultimate purpose of life?
Will Donald Trump or Hillary Clinton win the 2016 US presidential election?	Do you think Donald Trump or Hillary Clinton will be the next president of the US?
How can you increase your stamina before running?	How can we increase our stamina for running?
What are the best vegetables to feed a sugar glider?	What are the best vegetables for sugar gliders?
Will Quora pay me if I post a question?	Does Quora pay users to answer questions?
How do I write a good provisional patent application?	How much detail do I need to put in for a provisional patent for software?
How does one learn how to play chess?	What is the best way to learn chess?
Why do so many animals have a tail?	Why do animals have tails?
Which book should I refer for political science and international relations as an optional for cse mains?	[UPSC] : Which paper of political science & international ralations should be studied first as optional subject?
How can Ilose fat on thighs and hips fast?	How can I lose fat from my hips and thighs?
How can Facebook improve?	How could Facebook be improved?
Can we see who viewed my profile pic on whatsapp?	Can I see who viewed my profile on WhatsApp?
What is your most life changing event?	What is life changing event of your life?
Why do some deodorants stain shirts?	Why do deodorants stain shirts?
Why do most of the Muslim nations need dictators or kings? Why can't they just opt for democracy?	Why most of Muslim majority countries don't have democracy?
Why MS Dhoni's elder brother Narendra Singh Dhoni’s character is not associated in the biopic?	Why there is no description of Dhoni's brother in MS Dhoni: The Untold Story?
How Can I clear CA IPCC group 2 in 20days?	What should I study to clear group 2 of IPCC?
How can I find cheap flight ticket?	What is the best way to obtain cheap flight fares?
What are the differences between Chinese culture and western culture?	What the difference between western culture and Chinese culture?
Which are the top 10 best documentaries?	What are some of the best documentaries?
What is best way for earning money?	How can I start making money? What are the best ways to make money?
Which are the best books to learn C++?	What are some good novice books for C++?
What's one thing in Game of Thrones that taught you about life?	What does Game of Thrones teach us?
What are the best DSLR cameras for beginners?	What is the best basic DSLR camera and lens to buy for the beginners?
Why in the world cup (football) the U.K. countries compete separately but compete as U.K. in the Olympics?	Why does the UK compete as the UK in the Olympics but as individual countries in the World Cup?
How does banning 500 and 1000 INR notes help Indian economy?	How can banning of 500 and 100 notes be helpful?
There is a girl that I like. How do I get her to like me?	How do I get a girl to like me back?
How can I minimize my social anxiety?	What are good ways to reduce social anxiety?
What are the best e-learning platforms for education?	What are the best e-learning platforms?
What is the best Pre & Post Workout meals?	What's the best pre & post work out food & drinks?
What day in your life did you consider to be the best day ever?	Can you share best day of your life?
How do I study physics for JEE?	How should I prepare for physics in JEE?
Did anyone really go to the moon?	Did man really land on the moon?
What does it mean when a woman keeps licking her lips and smiling at you?	What does it mean when a woman licks her upper lip?
How will the passing of GST bill help Indian Economy?	What is the new GST bill and how will it affect us?
Can we issue driving licence in other state?	Can I apply for driving licence in other state?
In what ways do polar covalent bond and nonpolar covalent bond differ?	How do polar covalent bonds and nonpolar covalent bonds differ?
Why is Saltwater Taffy candy imported in Italy?	Why is saltwater Taffy candy imported in Canada?
What moment in your life made you cry?	What thing in your life has made you cry and cry and cry?
Does Donald Trump do coke?	Are there any strong indications that Donald Trump does cocaine?
What is the Deep Web?	What is the dark/deep Web? What do you find there?
Why is Saltwater taffy candy imported in Switzerland?	Why are saltwater taffy imported in Japan?
How do I add photos to Quora?	How can I add a photo to my Quora?
What are interesting inventions?	What are some interesting new inventions that exist?
Does Marijuana cause cancer or lung problems like any other thing you smoke?	Does marijuana cause cancer?
Why isn't Russia a member of NATO?	Russia: Why has Russia never joined NATO?
How can one prove the existence of God?	How do you prove or disprove God?
Can you still get pregnant one day before menstruation?	How do I get pregnant just after my periods?
How do I improve my overall native English language?	What is the best way to improve my spoken English soon?
Who knew about what was going on between Jaime and Cersei?	Which characters in Game of Thrones know about the incestuous relationship between Jaime and Cersei?
How could I over come loneliness?	How does one get over loneliness?
How can I gain healthy weight and mass?	How do I gain weight?
Why is green used in background for creating visual effects?	Green Screen: Why is a scene shot in green background for animation or adding special effects?
How do you find ratio of two numbers?	How can you find the ratio of two numbers?
Which is the best advertise you have seen?	What are the best advertisements?
What kinds of characters are popular in the modern society?	What kinds of character are popular in the modern society?
What is the best way to lose weight in a month?	What should I do to lose weight in one month?
What are the functions of an academic library?	What is the function of academic libraries?
How do concentric and eccentric contraction compare and contrast?	How do eccentric and concentric contractions compare and contrast?
How do I get funding for my web based startup idea?	Where can I get funding for my idea?
What are the healthiest methods to lose 20 pounds or more in the less than 10 days?	What are the best exercises to help lose more than 20 pounds in less than 10 days?
How secured is the new 2000 and 500 currency notes?	Why are some news channel and people saying that the new 500 and 2000 notes cannot be faked?
How do I overcome emotional attachment to a person?	How do you overcome emotional attachment?
Which is the best retirement plan in india?	What are the best retirement plans in India?
What are some of the easiest ways to ruin your life?	What are the effective ways to ruin your life?
What are the best places to visit with friends in Texas?	Which are the top places to visit in Texas?
What are some good psychological hacks?	What are some cool psychological hacks?
What is the best entrepreneurship education model you know of?	What is the best entrepreneurship education program you know of? Why do you think they are successful?
Why do we park in the driveway and drive on the parkway?	Why do we drive in parkways and park in driveways?
What will be the impact of banning Rs. 500 and Rs. 1000 on the Indian economy?	What are your views on India banning 500 and 1000 notes? In what way it will affect Indian economy?
What are some of the weirdest dreams you've ever had?	What's the weirdest dream you've ever had that you can remember?
From where can I pursue digital marketing course?	What are the best digital marketing courses for mid-senior level marketing managers?
What is the minimum score in AMCAT that can get you a call from Accenture?	What is the minimum score in AMCAT to get call from Accenture ?
Why do dogs chase cats?	Why do dogs chase cats and not other creatures?
What is the meaning and purpose to life?	What is the sense of life?
Where can I get best quality video DJ for party in Sydney?	Where can I get best quality DJ for Birthday party in Sydney?
What are the ideal growth stocks to invest in right now?	What are good stocks to invest in right now?
When will Earth die?	Will the Earth ever die?
Also known as low back pain?	What is commonly known as low back pain?
What are the must have apps for a person living in Bangalore?	What are the must have apps for persons living in Bangalore?
How can you prevent skid marks in panties?	What are skid marks? How can you prevent skid marks in your underwear?
How can long distance relationships be successful?	Why do long distance relationships fail?
How is Trump's win going to affect Canada?	What impact will Trump's presidency have on Canada?
How can I make my day very useful?	How do I make a day useful?
What are the best hotels in Nainital?	What are some of the best hotel in Nainital?
How do I earn money with Twitter?	How can I earn money from Twitter?
How can you use a very efficient [math]O(\sqrt{n})[/math] solution to an NP-Complete problem to make an General AI that is as smart as human?	How do you frame General AI as an NP-complete decision problem?
What is the way to increase the height at the age of 21 years?	Does height increase after 21? How can I get taller?
Which is the sexiest actress of bollywood?	Who is the most sexiest actress in Bollywood?
How does it feel to be dead?	What does it feel like to be dying?
What is the sense of life?	What is the exact meaning of life?
How can I block seeing a specific someone's answers on Quora?	How can I stop seeing answers written by a specific person?
What are some truly dead programming languages?	What are some "dead" programming languages?
Why do people ask questions on Quora that could simply be googled?	Why do some people ask questions on Quora that could be asked directly to a search engine ?
Why and how do clouds have charge?	How can clouds have a charge?
What are some acknowledgement examples?	What is acknowledgement? What are some examples?
Do INTJs and INFJs make the best partners?	Do INFJs and INTJs get along well?
Where can I found knowledgeable finance professionals in Sydney?	Where can I get best banking and finance support in Sydney?
Which is the best quickbooks auto data recovery support number?	Which is the best QuickBooks error support number?
What are your opinions on Harry Potter and the Cursed Child?	[Spoilers]What do you think about Harry Potter and the Cursed Child?
How do I change my Facebook password?	How can I deactivate a Facebook account if I forgot the email address and the password?
What is the best way to get a threesome?	How does one find a threesome?
Why does lead block radiation?	Why is lead used to prevent radiation? What's the speciality of lead atom?
What is your favorite thing about your life?	What is your favorite thing about life?
Why are the hospitals still important today?	Why is the hospital still significant today?
How do we control our emotions?	How can I control my emotion and fears?
Why do people often ask questions in Quora while they can Google it themselves?	Why are there so many people using Quora to answer questions that can easily be found with a simple Google search?
How do I improve my profile for top Indian B schools?	How can one build a profile for top B schools in India for PI?
What is the cut off mark for neet?	What is the expected cut off for Neet 2016?
Why don't men get attached through sex? And women do?	Why don't men get attached by sex?
Can I increase my height at the age of 17?	Can I increase my height at the age of 17? How?
How do I GET MY money BACK FROM QNET after 1 MONTH?	How can I get my money back from qnet?
What Strategy should I use to crack IBPS PO examination in just 3 months?	Can I crack ibps Po exam in just 3 months?
Why it is good to drink milk without boiling even boiling kills germs in milk?	Why it is good to drink milk without boiling even boiling kills most of the germs in milk?
Can jet fuel melt steel?	Does burning jet fuel melt steel beams?
What are the the Axis powers countries?	What are the Axis powers?
How will the demonetization of 500 and 1000 rupee notes affect the value of INR against USD?	What is going to happen to the value of rupee after 1000 and 500 rupees notes have been banned?
How long do GRE scores realistically take to appear in the My GRE account? I already know that ETS states 10-15 days. How long did it take for you?	How much time does ETS take to post GRE scores online? Do they do it in less than 10-15 days?
Are Sociology and social science the same subject?	Is sociology and social science the same subject?
What if India gives Kashmir to Pakistan?	What will happen if Government will give Kashmir to Pakistan?
Does the death of Jayalalitha give BJP a chance to rise politically in Tamil Nadu?	Is there a chance of BJP ruling Tamil Nadu after Jayalalitha's death?
What is the best TV series and why?	Which is the best TV series you have ever watched?
How do I learn Pashto?	How can I learn Pashto by myself?
What are the possible implications of Demonetization of 500 and 1000 rupee notes?	What do you think about ban on Rs. 500 and Rs. 1000 currency notes?
How can I continue to improve my English?	How can I become good at English?
Is Evolution falsifiable?	Is the theory of evolution not falsifiable?
How can I find the aim of my life?	How should I know my purpose of life?
What are some of the funniest jokes that you know?	What is the funniest joke of all time?
What are the qualification to apply for GMAT?	What are the qualifications for GMAT?
What is the process of opening a PPF account?	What is the exact process of opening a PPF account?
What do you think to Google adding fact checking to its news feeds?	What do you think to Google adding fact checking to its news?
What are the best horror movies that will keep you up at night?	What are the 10 greatest horror movies of all time?
Is android better than iOS in 2016?	Android (operating system): Is iOS better than Android and Windows Phone?
How can I lose weight quickly? Need serious help.	How can I lose weight ?
How do I unlock my iPad if I forgot my password?	How do I unlock my iPad?
Why do you smell burnt toast before you have a stroke?	Is smelling burn toast a sign you're having a stroke?
What are prospects and challenges of pulses in food security?	What is pulses for sustainable food security prospects and challenges?
What are some mind blowing phones gadgets?	What are some of the best phones tools and gadgets?
Did Ra's al Ghul survive the train crash in Batman Begins?	Did Ra's Al Ghul survived from the train crash in Batman Begins?
Are calorie counts on fast food menu boards effective or ineffective?	How reliable are fast food calorie counts?
What's a 3 year study plan for IAS 2018?	What's a 2 year study plan for Indian forest service 2018?
What are the beauty standards in Germany?	What are the female beauty standards in Germany?
How do I know if a girl likes me at school?	How do I know if this girl likes me?
What are the biggest facepalm momen you have ever experienced? Burger	What was your biggest facepalm moment?
How can I study maths when it's already October of 12th and I don't know a thing about it?	How do I study maths when it's already October of 12th and I don't know a thing about it?
How can I get an investor for my startup?	How can I find an investor for my business?
How do I make friends with people on Quora?	What can I do to make people on Quora my friends?
How can one learn to be a light sleeper?	How do I learn to be a lighter sleeper?
Is it true that India conducted surgical strikes in Pakistan on 29 September? Why is Pakistan denying it?	Why is India lying that they conducted surgical Strikes against Pakistan?
What is the greatest movie ever?	Which is best movie in history?
How do I make a great first impression?	How do I make an excellent first impression on someone?
Could the universe be inside a black hole?	Could this universe be inside a black hole?
What is the hardest decision you have ever had to make in your personal life?	What was the hardest decision you have made in your life?
Will banning Rs.500 and Rs.1000 notes help to solve black money and corruption?	How Rs.2000 currency notes will reduce black money market or corruption?
What we can do to abolish the reservation system in India on the caste basis?	What should we do so that the government of India will remove the reservation system for castes?
What are the best online resources to learn web development?	What are the best online web development courses?
You are president of the United States. What will you do in the 4 or 8 years of your presidency?	What would you do if you are elected President of United States?
How can monetize my writing ability?	How can I monetize writing ability?
Do you have to have been born in the UK to become prime minister or is citizenship sufficient?	Do you have to be a natural-born British citizen to be eligible to become Prime Minister of the UK?
Who is currently winning the presidential election?	Who is going to win the 2016 US presidential election? Why?
What are the best Gujarati books?	Which are the best Gujarati books you have read?
How does a prenup agreement work out?	How does a prenup agreement work?
What is the most inspiring story you have heard from other people?	What is the most inspiring story that you have heard?
Should you brush your teeth before or after breakfast?	Should I brush my teeth before or after eating?
How do you deal with internet addiction?	Can you give me some tips for getting rid of my internet addiction?
What was the craziest dream that you've ever had?	What is the weirdest dream you've had?
Should I text my crush first?	Should I text my crush?
What are the best gadgets on 2016?	Which is the best gadget to be released in 2016?
What's the best college in Georgia?	What are the best colleges and universities in Georgia?
How do I know if a guy likes me or not?	How do I know if a guy likes me in office?
How can one join the Indian Air Force as a doctor after doing their MBBS?	How do I join the Indian Army as a doctor after doing my MBBS?
Why are there people who still don't believe that global warming is real?	Why do some people still believe that global warming is not happening despite all the evidence that it is?
Why do people ask such questions here on Quora which could be easily found on the internet?	Why do people ask questions here in Quora instead of just googling?
Are Muslims in America worried that President Trump will ruthlessly crush Islamic terrorism?	Are Muslims worried that President Donald Trump will crush terrorism with an iron fist?
How do I improve my English speaking?	How can I speak English like natives?
How possible is it to get pregnant one day after my 3 day period?	Can I get pregnant 14 days after my period started?
What should I do to give my girlfriend orgasm via penetrative sex?	How do I make my girlfriend have an orgasm during sex?
What is a social media manager?	What is social media Manager?
How do I stop being so gullible and easily influenced?	Is it bad to be gullible? If so how can I stop being so easily influenced?
How do I find investment properties?	How do you find the perfect investment property?
What are the best interview questions that are tricky and require presence of mind to answer them?	What is the toughest question asked in an interview but needed presence of mind to answer it.?
Does Moto G4 plus has serious heating issue?	Heating problem in Moto g4?
Is Bigfoot real?	Do Bigfoot videos prove that Bigfoot is real?
Where can I buy best quality customized cupcakes in Gold Coast?	Where can I get good quality cupcakes and a lot of different flavor in Gold Coast?
Which song gives you goosebumps when you hear it?	Which song gives you goosebumps when you hear it every-time? Why?
What should I do after graduation in bcom?	Academic and Educational Advice: What can I do after completing bcom?
How can I improve in English?	What are some ways to improve English?
Can we manipulate the law of physic?	Can we manipulate the law of physics?
Who can the Democrats effectively run against Trump in 2020?	Who are some Democrats who could run against Trump in 2020?
How to make money without selling anything?	How do I make money without selling anything?
Are there any websites that has similar functions as Quora?	Are there other websites like Quora?
What are some best movies of all time?	Which is best movie in history?
How do I become the best boyfriend a girl can ever get?	How can you become the best boyfriend ever?
What does it feel like to be an exile?	What does it feel to be exiled?
Why do people ask questions on Quora instead of Googling it?	Why do some people ask questions on Quora that could be asked directly to a search engine ?
Is it true that the businessman Donald Trump is broke?	Is there any evidence that Donald Trump is actually broke?
What is an example of an analogy?	What is analogy? What are some examples?
Is it true that the new Rs. 2000 currency notes in India will have a nano GPS chip?	Is it true that ₹ 2000 currency notes in India are embedded with GPS chips? Can it be done at all?
Which is the best laptop to buy for rs. 60000?	Which is the best laptop under 60k in india?
How much time will spotify take to land in India?	Daniel Ek: When will spotify be available in India?
What is the best way to get Manchester United tickets?	Manchester united ticket?
How can I get rid of social anxiety by myself?	What is the best way to get rid of social anxiety?
Which books are appropriate for CAT preparation?	What are the recommended books/materials for the CAT exam preparation?
Can Texas secede from the United States?	How can Texas secede legally?
Is premarital sex ok?	What is your take on premarital sex?
Astrology: What are the chances of me getting married with my bf?	Horoscope: what are the chances of me getting married with my boy friend.. Please answer?
What makes India different from all other countries in the world?	What makes us Indians different from rest of the world?
What are some technical questions asked during an interview in a core electronics engineering company?	What are some technical questions asked during an interview in a core electrical engineering company?
What is the most reckless thing you have ever done?	What is the most reckless thing you've ever done?
How can I become fluent in English faster?	How can I speak fluent english with confidence?
Did not get payment from instamojo?	Did not receive payment from instamojo?
What is the difference between implicit and explicit functions?	What is the difference between "implicit" and "explicit"?
How do you treat damaged vocal cords from intubation?	How do you treat vocal cord damage caused by intubation?
What is the best way to get a postgraduate scholarship in a British university? PS: I'm Syrian.	What is the best way to get a postgraduate scholarship in a British university? PS: I'm Syrian?
What is an example of a genotype?	What are some examples of a genotype?
Where are the original vedas kept?	Where are the original Vedas?
Is there a way to play Skate 3 on the PC? How?	Where can I download Skate 3 for a PC?
What are the best way to learn english.?	What is simple way to learn english?
How do I look up a federal tax lien?	How can I look up a federal tax lien?
What is the Hrithik - Kangana matter?	What is Kangana & Hrithik Roshan issue?
What will happen if supreme court removes the ban on 500 and 1000 rupees note?	Does the Supreme Court have the power to revoke Government of India’s (Narendra modi’s) decision to ban 500 and 1000 denomination bank notes?
What is network marketing and how does it work?	What is meant by network marketing?
Is cash magical?	Is money magical?
How can we recover our Gmail password online?	Computer Security: How is a Gmail password recovered?
If the superfluid dark matter is what ripples when Galaxy clusters collide and what waves in a double slit experiment then does this relate GR and QM?	Is there evidence of the dark matter every time a double slit experiment is performed? Is the dark matter what waves?
How do people deal with black money because of the ban of 500 and 1000 rupee notes?	What people with huge amount of black money will do after today's bold decision by PM Narendra Modi to ban 500 and 1000 notes?
What factors should be kept in mind while starting a new business?	What are the basic points to keep in mind while starting a business?
What is make money online?	What are the easiest ways to earn money online?
How do I make money from home?	How does one earn money online without an investment from home?
How many architects do we have in India?	How many architects does India have?
What is a symposium?	What is symposium?
Who are the most underrated actors/actresses in bollywood?	Who is the most underrated Bollywood actors?
What are the benefits of stationary bikes for weight loss? How long does it take to lose fat using a bike?	How can you lose weight riding a stationary bike?
How do I start online business?	How do I build an online business?
I want to loose weight but I cannot give up on rice and potato how should I loose weight?	I want to lose weight but I cannot give up on white rice and potato. How should I lose weight?
Why is Manaphy anxious in Pokémon Ranger and the Temple of the Sea?	Why is Manaphy angsty in Pokemon Ranger and The Temple Of The Sea?
How back emf helps a dc motor to run?	How back emf help to run dc motor?
What is Jake Williams’s history that made him into a narcissist?	How is Jake Williams a narcissist?
What paper quality is used for the new currency notes?	What paper quality is used for new currency notes?
How is Lipton Green Tea related to weight loss?	Does drinking green tea for weight loss really help? Does it have any adverse effects on your skin?
How do I add pictures to questions on Quora?	How can I add photos to my question in Quora?
Why is my question repeatedly marked as needing improvement?	Why are my questions always flagged as needing improvement?
What causes rusting?	What is rusting of iron? What causes this?
What are the common mistakes people make when they are learning to code?	What common mistakes do people often make when they learning programming?
How is Pulsar 220?	Is Pulsar 220 good?
Can I trust Google Drive with personal data?	Is uploading personal data on Google drive unsafe?
What are the best apps. for Android phone?	What are the best applications in an Android phone?
What are some of the best places to visit in India with friends?	Which is the best place in India for tour with friend?
How do I catch my cheating partner?	How did you catch your spouse cheating?
How and why did trump win?	How did Donald trump win the elections?
How do I read novels quickly ?	How do I read novels faster?
What will be your 2017 resolution?	What is your new year resolution?
What are common dreams?	What are the common dreams of human beings?
Is there any proof that Extra Terrestrial person live?	Is there proof of extra terrestrial life?
What are some mind-blowing phones accessories that exist that most people don't know about?	What are some mind-blowing smartphone gadgets that exist that most people don't know about?
I am a rookie in data structure and algorithms. I have no idea how to start. How do I start learning it?	How do I start learning or strengthen my knowledge of data structures and algorithms?
How can you get the most out of a book?	How can you get the most out of what you read?
What are some good Indian author novels?	What are some best Indian novels?
Where can I find angel investors for an invention?	I want angel investors for my website. Where and how do I approach them?
How can I earn money by online working?	How can I earn money from online paid survey?
Which is the best book for Beginners to learn Python?	What is the best book for learning Python easily?
Is 291 a good score in gre?	Is 304 a good score in gre?
What are the best books about self discipline?	What are some good books on Self Discipline?
Should teens have privacy?	Should female teens have privacy?
What is the most interesting fact most people should know but probably don't?	What is something interesting that most people don't know about?
How do you see your recently added friends?	How do I see recently added friends?
How Rs.2000 currency notes will reduce black money market or corruption?	Would banning notes of denominations 500 and 1000 help to curb the black money in system?
Difference between lawyer and advocate?	What's the difference between an advocate and attorney?
What are some things most people don't know about you?	What is something most people don't know about you?
What should I follow to keep myself fit without going to gym?	How can I stay fit without going to a gym?
What will the parent-child relationship look like in the future?	What is parents going to look like in the future?
Is it worth buying the iPhone 7?	Is iPhone 7 worth buying?
How would people buy things online without net neutrality?	Why won't people be able to buy things online without net neutrality?
What is a ICU?	What is the ICU?
How much time does it take to watch all youtube videos?	How long would it take to watch all the videos on YouTube?
What is tensile stress and how is it calculated?	What is tensile stress?
What are the prerequisites for starting a business?	What are the prerequisites of starting a business and how?
How can I deal with conservative parents?	What are the best ways to deal with conservative and conventional thinking parents?
How will the new currency notes of denomination 500 and 2000 curb black money?	How will the India demonetization of 500 and 1000 rupees notes will reduce black money?
How do I to solve this? Please help	How do I to solve this? Please help?
What is the best way to make a Thanksgiving turkey?	What is the best Thanksgiving turkey recipe?
What are the best free antivirus programs for PC?	Which is the best free antivirus and anti-spyware available for my PC?
What is Uber's business model?	What is the business model of uber?
Why don't educated Chinese people revolt against the communist rule and bring about democracy in China?	Why can't Chinese people revolt against their government for a democratic regime?
How do I improve my reading speed?	What is the best way to improve reading speed?
What does the understanding in disease for knowing how to deactivate it have to do with relieving illness symptoms through drugs?	How is disease stopped through giving drugs to relieve illness symptoms?
What is the easy way of getting money?	What is the easy way to get money?
When is a good age to lose your virginity?	What is the best age to lose your virginity?
How should I start IAS preparation after graduation?	How do I start preparation for IAS exam?
Which is the best Bluetooth speaker under Rs2000?	What is the best portable bluetooth speaker with high bass under 2k In India?
How do I stop being dumb?	How can I stop being so dumb?
How strategically was Agent Orange used in the Vietnam War?	Why did the USA use Agent Orange in the Vietnam war?
How do I improve presence of mind?	How can I improve my presence of mind?
How plasma screen work to display graphics?	How does a plasma screen work?
What is the basic difference between cv and resume?	What are the diffrenece between CV and resume?
What are the best resources for self studying machine learning?	What are your recommendations for self-studying machine learning?
How do I let go of someone I'm in love with?	How do I let go of someone I am in love with?
How do l study efficiently?	How can I do self study effectively?
Who will be the next ameracan president?	Who is the next president of America?
Who was the best president?	Who is the best president?
What are some pathogen examples?	What are pathogens? What are some examples?
How can we hack a phone?	How can you hack a cell phone?
Is it okay to give cats ordinary cow’s milk?	Can you give cats milk?
What do people in your country look like?	What do most people look like in your country?
Is there a possibility of World War III happening in the next 10 years?	How likely is World War III in the future?
Why is Hillary Clinton worse than Donald Trump?	How is Hillary Clinton a better choice than Donald Trump?
When will fully autonomous affordable self driving cars be available commercially?	How long will it really take for self driving cars to be available?
Why is Quora against Donald Trump?	Why is Quora so antiTrump?
How can I stop using crystal meth?	What are some things that will help you quit using crystal meth?
How can I make the world a better place today?	How can WE TOGETHER Make the World a Better Place?
Im always thinking of ways to get out and travel and it is affecting my college academics. How can I shift my focus and improve grades?	I want to focus on my studies but I always get distracted. How can I improve my focus?
How does cloud computing work?	What is cloud computing? How does it work?
Do you think that Modi is too overrated?	Do you think that Narendra Modi is overrated?
Is Mexico a poor country?	How is Mexico a poor country?
Why do you want to create AI?	Why do we want to create AI?
How can I lose 30 pounds in 30 days with a workout plan?	Which exercises can boost you enough to lose 30 pounds in 1 month?
What happens if you drink bleach?	What will happen if I drink a glass of bleach?
Can we expect time travel to become a reality?	Is time travel possible in next 5 years?
What is the difference between IIT boys and private college boys?	What is the difference between IIT and other engineering colleges?
Do tell me on how does it feels like to have OCD?	What does it feel like to have OCD?
How can I meet Narendra Modi?	How can I meet our Prime Minister Mr. Narendra Modi in person?
Question: What is the best question or answer in quora or in your life?	What is the best question that you have ever met in your life? What is the most original question that you have ever met in your life?
Why is it that the ISIS are targeting France from last two years?	Why are Islamists targeting France so aggressively in recent years?
Who is going to win the presidential election?	Who do you think is going to win the presidential elections and why?
Why is it hard to move on?	Why is it so hard to move on?
How do I factory reset my Dell laptop?	How do I factory reset my Dell laptop to factory settings?
What are the best colleges for studying economics in India?	What are some of the best government colleges for economics graduate programs in India?
What can be done to become a good programmer?	How do I become a good creative programmer?
According to polls who won the first Clinton-Trump presidential debate?	Who won the first presidential debate September 2016?
What is the best way to promote a social networking site?	Moz: How do I promote my social networking site?
What is the latest technology in 2016?	What is the latest technology of 2016?
How do you convert grams to milliliters?	What are some ways of converting grams to milliliters?
What challenges are Domino’s business model and business strategy facing?	Describe Domino’s business model and business strategy. What challenges is it facing?
What books do I read to improve my writing skills?	What book would you suggest for improving English writing skills?
I forgot my Facebook email and password how can I log in?	How can I get my password back from Facebook if my email address doesn't exist anymore?
Where can make money online free?	How do I to make money online?
What is the point of doing everything we do in life?	What is the point of life?
Does cannabis oil cure cancer? Or are the sellers hoaxing?	Can cannabis oil cure cancer?
Is it possible to lick a toad and get high?	Why did hippies use to lick toads to get high?
Why did South Vietnam lose?	What happened in the Vietnam War and how did South Vietnam lose?
What led to Cyrus Mistry ouster from TATA GROUP?	Why did Ratan Tata remove Cyrus Mistry?
What will be the effects of demonitizing 500 and 1000 rupees notes in Indian economy?	How will ban on 500 and 1000 rupees note affect economy of India in different sectors?
How is first time sex experience?	How does it feel when a person has sex for the very first time?
What will happen of black money after the arrival of ban on 500 and 1000 rs notes?	How scraping 500 and 1000 rupee currency notes helps stopping future black money transactions?
Is organic food really any better than normal food?	Is organic food better for health?
What was the most unnecessary character in Dilwale and why?	What's the most pathetic and unwanted character in Dilwale and why?
How can I see who viewed my video on Instagram but didn't like my video?	How can I see who viewed my video I just posted on Instagram?
How can I make friends at new job?	How do I make friends at new job?
What is the average time one needs to prepare for the IAS?	What is the average time for preparation of IAS?
What skills I need to get a job at Google?	What skills are required to get a job at Google?
Why do some people choose to be atheists?	On what basis do people choose to be atheists?
Why do so many people ask questions on Quora that can be found in a Google search?	Why do people on Quora ask silly questions about the facts which can be googled very easily?
What are the best—or most distinctive—features/advantages of using Ubuntu over Mac OS X?	Why would someone switch from Linux to Mac OS X?
Can animals see spirits?	Can animals see ghosts or spirits?
How can you learn the Greek alphabet?	How can I learn to read the Greek alphabet?
How can I stop myself from spending more time on the internet?	How do I stop wasting my time on the internet?
How many apps are featured on the App Store	How many apps are featured on App Store every time?
Why the mortal remains of Kuamari Jayalalithaa is being buried and not cremated?	Why is Jayalalithaa being buried instead of cremation?
How the scope of big data analytics and from where to do?	What is the scope of big data analytics?
What is the difference between China and Japan?	How different are China and Japan?
What is implied when you answer your own question at Quora? Did you badly need an answer or you simply want to share your answer?	Can anyone ask and answer a same question in Quora?
What will be the effect in Stock market after the Indian Government's decision to demonitize 500 and 1000 rupee notes?	How will the stock market reacts on decision of banning 500 and 1000 notes?
How do I stop thinking and start doing?	How can I stop thinking and start doing?
Can there be peace between India and Pakistan ever?	Can India and Pakistan ever have permanent peaceful relations?
How can I track someone using their phone number?	How do I track a criminal with is phone number?
What did Hillary mean by saying policy should have a public position and a private position?	What does Hillary mean when saying, "you need both a public and a private positon?"?
How do I improve my English language?	How can I improve my pronunciation in English?
Is it healthy to eat fish every day?	Is it healthy to eat a whole avocado every day?
Where can I found best in sound quality on DJ hire in Sydney?	Where can I get best quality DJ for Birthday party in Sydney?
How do people earn billions using Uber hack?	How do people earn billions from home using simple Uber app hack?
Am not starting big? How can I make $1000 per month online?	What is a way to make money online?
Who has inspired you the most in life?	What inspires you the most in your life?
What is the fastest way to lose weight safely?	How can I lose weight quickly in 2 weeks?
What is the state of eligibility for the JEE-Mains?	What is the state of eligibility for the JEE - Mains?
What questions do I need to ask my client to build my first website?	What questions do you ask clients that need a website?
Which is the best coaching centre for civil services in chennai?	What are some good coaching centres for Civil Services Examination in Chennai?
How many seat are available in IIT for civil engineering?	How many seats are available in IIT for civil branch?
Why does time slow down as you approach the speed of light?	Why does time slow down when we approach the speed of light? Does time really stop at the speed of light?
What is the easiest and painless way to commit suicide?	What is the easiest and most painless suicide method?
Why World War III are inevitable?	Is there a war coming?
How can I be a doctor in the Indian army?	How can I become a doctor of the Indian army?
How do I write an argumentative paper?	How do I write argumentative paper?
How much does dental implant cost in Mexico?	What is the cost of dental implants in Mexico?
What is the difference between a psychologist and a psychiatrist?”?	What's the difference between psychiatrist and psychologist?
How can I surprize my boyfriend on his birthday without actually meeting him?	How can I surprize my boyfriend on his birthday without actually meeting him (latest ideas)?
How do I earn money online?	How do I earn money from the Internet?
How should a good yak liver look?	How should a good yak liver look like?
What are the best tempered glass brand or manufacturers in India?	Which are some good tempered glass brands to buy in India?
Does the Aurora aircraft exist?	Does the Aurora aircraft really exist?
What are the advantages of being a woman?	Are there any advantages to being a woman?
What is the reason for pulling out 500 and 1000 currency notes circulation in India?	What is the main reason behind abolishing Rs 500 and Rs 1000 notes in India?
How can I improve my English speaking skills as well as writing skills?	What are the best ways to improve my writing skills in English.?
How can we report cyber crimes?	Where can I report cyber crime?
How do I start learning cyber security/ network security form scratch?	How do I start in the security field to become a professional in cyber security from level zero?
Which is the best compliment you have ever received?	What is the best compliment you've ever got?
What is the best Matrix movie out of them all?	What is the best Matrix movie?
How can I get the funding for my startup without revealing my idea?	Where can I get funding for my idea?
How do you turn a hobby into a career?	How did you turn your hobbies into jobs?
How can I make a bootable pendrive?	How do I make a Bootable Pendrive?
How does the HP OfficeJet 4620 Airprint compare to the HP LaserJet Pro M402dw?	How does the HP OfficeJet 4620 Airprint compare to the HP Color LaserJet Professional CP5225dn Printer?
Is there life after death?	How would life be after death?
How can I reduce fat from right side of face ?	What are some effective ways to reduce face fat?
How should I control my emotion?	How can I control my emotion and fears?
Will there really be any war between India and Pakistan over the Uri attack? What will be its effects?	What will be the effect of possible war between India and Pakistan on Indian Stock market?
Why do red blood cells have no nucleus?	Why is there no nucleus in a red blood cell?
What is the best solution to the Kashmir conflict?	What is the best possible solution of the kashmir issue?
What is the worst that could happen with Trump being president?	What do you think would be the worst thing that can happen if Trump is elected as president?
Why do people have really good ideas in the shower?	Why do some people get their best ideas while in the shower?
Which are best softwares for mechanical engineering?	What software is best for mechanical engineering?
Which books are best to crack SSC CGL 2016?	Which are the best set of books for SSC CGL G.K. and English?
How do I  become professional programmer?	How can I be a great professional programmer?
How do I control the urge to masturbate?	How can I stop the urge to masturbate?
What makes someone a hypocrite?	What is hypocrite?
What's the best way to make friends in a foreign country?	How do I make friends in a foreign country?
What is the scope of an MBA in operational management correspondence learning?	What is the scope of an MBA in operational management?
Do car makers pay Top Gear to test their cars?	Do Top Gear get paid to review cars?
After mechanical engineering?	What after mechanical engineering?
What is game theory?	How would you explain game theory?
What are examples of cliques in high school?	What are examples of high school cliques?
When and how did Ambrose Bierce die?	How did Ambrose Bierce die?
Why nobody answer my questions in Quora?	Why don't people answer my question on Quora?
What are the effects of demonitization of 500 and 1000 rupees notes on real estate sector?	What will be impact of 500 / 1000 notes ban on real estate?
What is the importance of money in ones life?	How important is money in life?
How is TCS for fresher?	TCS for freshers?
Why does my hair smell bad after I condition it after a keratin treatment?	Why does my hair smell bad when I wash it after a keratin treatment?
What is good book to learn about quantum field theory?	What is the best book to learn quantum field theory on your own?
Why do my answers keep collapsing?	Why are some answers collapsed?
What is an easy way make money online?	What's the easiest way to make money online?
What are your favourite books?	What are your top 5 favorite books?
How many countries are there?	How many countries exist in the world this time?
How do you know if it's lust or love?	How do you really know the difference between love and lust in a relationship?
What are some examples of real life fallacies?	What are some real life examples of fallacies?
How should I improve my english communication skills?	How can I improve my speaking?
Why do people get multiple life sentences?	Why are people given multiple life sentences?
How do I improve my English speaking?	How can I get fluency in English speaking?
How do I get a WiFi connection in my home?	How do I get a wifi connection at home?
Why are cabs yellow?	Why are taxi cabs yellow?
What happened to the Yulin Dog Meat Festival 2015? Did all the petition signing help? Did it stop?	How can the Yulin dog meat festival in China be stopped?
How can long distance relationships be successful?	How will long distance relationship work?
Which country has highest crime rate?	Which country has highest number of crime rates?
What does the resume of someone who attended an IIT look like?	How does a CV of an IITian look like?
How could I improve my English?	What are some ways to improve English?
What is the scope for placements in mechatronics?	What is the scope for mechatronics?
What are the best dating tips?	What's the best dating tips?
How will Donald Trump benefit India?	How will India's relation with US be affected if Donald Trump wins the US elections?
Is Hillary Clinton a liar?	What are the specific things Hillary Clinton has done that makes Peoplesay she's a liar and corrupt?
Are there any safeguards in place to prevent any US president (who may not be stable) from launching a nuclear attack?	What safeguards are in place to prevent a rogue President of the United States from starting a nuclear war?
What are causes of computer viruses?	What causes a computer virus? How do you remove computer viruses on your PC?
What are the best online courses for digital marketing?	What is the best digital marketing course available online and offline in India and Why?
What is the Deep Web?	How do I access the deep dark web?
Which is the best book to learn data structures and algorithms?	What are the best books on algorithms and data structures?
How to initiate sex?	What are the best ways to initiate sex?
How do investors feel about Verizon acquiring Yahoo?	What do investors think of Verizon's acquisition of Yahoo?
How do I get funding for my idea of an app?	How do I get seed funding pre product?
Ways to earn money easily?	Live: How can I earn money easily?
What is the limit to how fast a human can think?	What limits how fast humans think?
Which movie being released in 2017 will be the best?	What will the best movie of 2017 be?
Why does Quora limit question length?	Why did Quora limit question details to 300 words?
How can I get traffic on website?	What is the best way to drive traffic to a website?
How long dose it take for me to pass a urine test if I smoke twice a month?	How long does it take for an avid weed smoker to pass a urine drug test?
What is the average bounce rate for an online apparel store?	What is the average conversion rate for online apparel retailers?
How do I increase will power?	What is the best way to increase one's will power?
How did the dowry system really start in India and how much does it exist today?	How did the dowry system start in India?
How can you see what a passenger rates an Uber driver?	How can an Uber driver see what rating the client gave to the driver?
What is the best way to protect an idea you have from others?	How do I protect my idea when looking for investors / partners?
What makes salt able to melt ice?	How is salt able to melt ice?
I want to get into Google summer code 2017.How do I prepare?	How should I prepare to get selected for Google summer of code.?
What is your favorite song and why?	What is your personal favourite song and why?
Is there any country in the world where incest is legal?	In what countries is incest legal?
Is IQ Option's demo account realistic?	Is IQ options binary trading demo account exactly like the real one?
What is the best business to start with 5 lakhs?	Which business can I start with a budget below 5 lakhs?
Which is the best photoshop for android?	What is the best Photoshop app for an Android tablet?
How can I have multiple ads on 1 YouTube video for monetization?	How can I add multiple ads on YouTube?
What are the different stages of a cell cycle and which one comes first?	Which are the four stages of the cell cycle?
What was the sweetest thing you have ever heard or experienced?	What is the cutest thing someone has ever said to you?
Is Latin worth learning?	How hard is it to learn Latin? Is it worth learning?
What is the best Bollywood movie in this year 2016?	Which is the best hindi movie in 2016?
Is energy in vacuum real? How do we know that this energy that can be borrowed and returned immediately is real if virtual particles didn't exist?	Quantum Mechanics: Virtual particles are said to "pop out of existence". How can we know that something doesn't exist?
How can I get Instagram followers?	What's the fastest way to build Instagram followers?
Which are books one must read in life?	What are some must read books before one dies?
What will happen if Sheldon Cooper meets Joey Tribbiani?	What if Sheldon copper meets Joey Tribbiani?
How can I really become famous?	How can a person become famous?
How is Braunschweiger made?	What's Braunschweiger made of?
Would you date a Muslim guy?	Would you date a Muslim guy? Does it matters what a person's religion is?
Why do people ask questions on Quora that are easily answerable via a quick internet search?	Why do people use Quora when they could easily find the answer in a quick Google search?
Why does Quora says this question needs to be improved?	Why does Quora keep telling me my question needs improvement?
Why do people care so little about their online privacy?	Why most people don't care about their security and privacy in the cyber space?
Does the early bird get the worm?	Did the early bird get the worm?
How can I find a man to show me what gay sex is like?	I'm straight. How can I experience gay sex with a man?
How do women feel after losing their virginity?	How do girl feel after losing virginity?
I'm fat. How do I lose weight?	How do I actually lose weight?
Why did you choice to become a doctor?	Why are you a doctor?
What's the scariest dreams you've ever had?	What's the scariest dream you've ever had?
How did Hilary Clinton see the tenure of Barack Obama?	How did Hilary Cllinton see the tenure of Barack Obama?
Which are the top five biggest scams in India?	Which are the biggest scams of India?
How does it feel to have a breakup?	How does it feel after breakup?
How do I hack a Yahoo account?	How do I hack yahoo account?
How will you differentiate between love and lust?	How do you know if it is love or lust?
What is the evolutionary reason for teeth to have nerves?	Why do teeth have nerves?
How do I build my own custom made desktop computer?	How do I build a computer?
How can I learn to write faster?	How do I write faster?
Am I too old to get into medical school?	What age is too old to get a medical MD?
What is your most viewed Quora question?	What is the all-time most viewed question on Quora?
Why we need to study?	Why we need study?
How do startups/companies find their first set of customers?	How do startups attract their first customers?
Can I earn money from my Facebook page?	How can one earn money with a Facebook page?
Do I really need a mass gainer?	Do mass gainers really do anything?
How has being on Quora changed you?	How does Quora change you?
What is reality? Is this real life?	What is your definition of reality?
Has anybody seen ghosts?	Has anyone really seen ghosts?
The Year in Search 2015 on Google?	The Year in Search 2015 with Google?
How do I get a lot of money in 8 ball pool?	How do I get 8 ball pool coins using hack generator without paying any money?
How do you learn empathy?	How does one practice empathy?
How isn't it a choice to be gay?	Are some people born gay?
What is it like to be a girl in India?	What it's like to be a girl in India?
Should the minimum wage be a "learning wage" or a "living wage"? Why?	Should the minimum wage equal the living wage?
What are the differences and similarities between bicarbonate soda and baking soda?	What are the similarities between bicarbonate soda and baking soda? What are their differences?
How do I focus on studies without getting diverted?	How do I focus on studies and not get diverted?
In what ways do developed countries help developing countries economically?	What are some examples in which developed countries have helped developing countries economically?
How can we read people's mind?	How do I read minds?
What are some of the best animated movies?	What are some of the best anime shows?
How can I put my pictures on Google Images?	How is a picture added to Google Images?
What is a unintentional tort and what are some examples?	What are some examples of unintentional torts?
How long can meth be detected through a urine drug screen?	When u smoke crystal meth how long will it be to be able to pass a urine drug test?
Is it possible to travel with speed greater than light?	Travelling more than the speed of light. Is it possible?
How can I fetch more number of answers for my questions on Quora?	How come my questions always get ignored on Quora?
What is the most hilarious thing you've ever seen or heard about?	What is the most hilarious thing you have ever experienced?
Are there any alternative question and answer websites to Quora?	Are there other websites like Quora?
How can I grow a few inches taller?	I'm 16 and 5'2.5. How can I ACTIVELY grow taller?
What are the systems of measurement?	What are the different systems of measurement? How do they compare and contrast?
Why did Talulah Riley marry Elon Musk twice and divorce him twice?	Why does Elon Musk keep getting divorced and remarried to Talulah Riley?
What is a good mother like?	How can I be a good mother?
What is the best way to self motivate myself?	How can I motivate myself?
Who is going to win the 2016 presidential election?	Who will win the US election?
International Relations: Are we heading towards another cold war?	Are we heading towards another cold war?
What is the best baseball team?	What would be the best baseball team ever?
My iPhone is disabled what should I do now?	What should I do if my iPhone is disabled?
Why is Hillary Clinton a better choice than Donald Trump?	Is Hillary Clinton really worse than Donald Trump?
What are the fundamental truths of life?	What is the truth of life?
What if Karna knew that the Pandavas were his brothers long before the Kuru Princes arrived at Hastinapur after their training?	What would happened if karna don't know that Pandavas were his broyhers?
Can a graduate from ECE go for MS in comp science?	What are the prerequisites for an ECE graduate if he wishes to pursue MS in Computer Science?
What do people with foot fetishes do and how can they get rid of it?	How do I get rid of a feet fetish?
What was your most embarrassing experience?	What's the most embarrassing thing that has ever happened to you?
Who is a good wedding gown designer in Mumbai?	Can anyone help me find a good wedding gown designer in Bombay?
How has being a woman impacted your career's success?	How does being a woman impact your career success?
Why doesn't everyone I ask to answer a question answer it on Quora?	Why don't people answer my question on Quora?
Is 10 months enough to prepare for UPSC CSE 2017 ?	How do I prepare for CSE 2017 in 10 months?
How will scraping of 500 and 1000 rupees notes help in curbing corruption and black money?	How does invalidating ₹500 and ₹1000 notes help us fight corruption and bring back black money?
Which is the best smart watch in India?	What is the best smart watch in India?
Why are only Muslims allowed into Mecca and Medina?	Why are non Muslims not allowed to enter Mecca and Medina?
Is war with Russia imminent?	Will there be a war between Russia and America?
What should be done to avoid watching porn?	Catholics: how do I stop watching internet porn?
How can I earn money using YouTube?	How can we make money from YouTube?
What TV shows do you like to watch?	What is your favourite TV show?
What are the major France blogs/websites to rate and review iPhone & Android apps?	What are the major blogs/websites in France to rate and review iPhone & Android apps?
What is the capital of Denmark?	What is the capital city of Denmark?
How do I purchase stock?	How can I purchase stocks?
How does Quora search work in comparison to Google Search?	How would you rate Quora's search and matching engine in comparison to Google search?
How do you reset a Dell laptop to factory settings?	How do you restore a Dell Inspiron B130 to the factory settings?
Is the preamble of the UNCLOS missing an "are" in front of "aware of"?	Is the second sentence of the UNCLOS preamble missing an "are"?
What are the best ways to lose weight?	Which are the best ways to lose weight?
What is it like for an Indian to live and settle down in Singapore?	How is life of Indian in Singapore?
Is Dragon Ball Z overrated? Why or why not?	Is Dragon Ball Z overrated?
Why is my dog afraid of her bowl?	Why is my dog afraid of his bowl?
How do I install Hadoop on Ubantu?	How do I install Hadoop on Ubuntu?
How do I post something on 9gag's chat area?	How do I post something on 9GAG?
How do I recover my Gmail email addresses?	Is it possible to recover an email deleted from the Gmail trash folder?
What are the ten ways by which we can be closer to nature?	10 ways by which we can be closer to nature?
What is the importance of money in ones life?	How important is money in your life?
What is Fixed deposit?	What is the fixed deposit?
What are the best questions to ask during an interview?	What are the most interesting questions asked in any interview?
What is the significance for travelling?	What is the significance of travelling?
How do you add details to your question on this website?	How do I add a description/elaborate my question on Quora?
Will Adrian Lamo teach me how to hack?	Why won't Adrian Lamo teach me how to hack?
What are the differences between community college and University college?	What are the differences between college and community college?
What is your view/opinion about surgical strike by the Indian Army?	What you think about recent India's surgical strike in Pakistan?
A machine gun has a mass of 20 kg. It fires 35 g bullets at a rate of 400 bullets per minute with a speed of 400 m/s. How can I calculate the force here?	A machine gun has a mass of 20 kg. It fires 35 g bullets at a rate of 400 bullets per minute with a speed of 400 m/s. What is the average force?
What are some business ideas with 5 lakh investment?	I have 5 lakh which businesses can I start?
How can I find the aim of my life?	How do I find the purpose of a life?
What are the safety precautions on handling shotguns proposed by the NRA in Rhode Island?	What are the safety precautions on handling shotguns proposed by the NRA in Maine?
Is steel a homogeneous mixture?	Is stainless steel a homogeneous mixture?
What is the Expected cutoff for KVPY SA stream 2016?	How was the KVPY SA 2016? What is the expected cutoff?
What is the funniest movie to watch?	What is the funniest movie that you've ever watched?
I am interested in a girl but she wants to just be friends. What do I do?	How do I get a girl if she only just wants to be friends?
How can I Finance my business after wining some good contracts?	How can I finance my business operations?
How will I improve my spoken English?	How can I understand english?
What are the clues girl leaves you if she likes you?	How do I know if a girl likes me back or not?
Why do people on Quora mention their IQ all the time.?	What is with the obsession of people on Quora with IQ?
Can you get pregnant one day before ovulation?	Can i get pregnant the day after my period ends?
What is the total amount of water on Earth? How is this measured?	How do scientists measure the total amount of water on the entire planet earth?
What is your thought process while deciding to upvote an answer on Quora?	What is your logic while upvoting answers on Quora? How do you decide if you want to upvote an answer?
What should I do to earn money online?	What is the easiest way to earn money using internet?
How can I lose weight effectively?	How can I lose weight at age 55?
How do I get placed in NYK shipping after completing my GME?	How do I get placed in NYK shipping after my GME Course.?
Can I develope mobile apps with c++?	How can I develop mobile apps with C++?
What's like to be married to a Russian Woman?	What's it like to be married to a Russian woman?
How does the ban on 500 and 1000 rupee notes helps to identify black money and corruption?	How demonetization help tackling black money and corruption?
What are some good ways to wash my dog?	What are some ways to wash a dog?
What happens in the marriage night?	What happens at the marriage night?
How can you calculate tensile stress?	How do you calculate tensile strength?
How do I reset my gmail password when they are not highlighting my recovery email option?	I can't remember my Gmail password or my recovery email. How can I recover my e-mail?
How should I increase my height?	Can skipping increase my height?
Can a IAS officer give order to an IPS officer?	Can an IAS officer give any order to an IPS officer?
How can I make money online for job?	What is a way to make money online?
Why did New Zealand become the first country in the world that gave the women the right to vote?	What potential factors do you believe led New Zealand to become the 1st country to allow women to vote?
Why does it seem like CNN is always slamming Trump?	Why is cnn anti trump?
How can I overcome feeling overwhelmed?	How do I cope with feeling overwhelmed?
How does one crack TIFR physics interview for I PhD course?	How does one crack a TIFR PhD interview?
Which are best photography institutes in India?	What are some good photography institutes in India?
What is the best way to control our emotions?	How can I control my bad feelings and emotions?
How will Donald Trump build the wall?	What will happen if Trump really does build a wall?
What is the best place to live in Orange County?	Where is a good place to live in Orange County?
Who are the greatest hip hop producers of all time? Why?	Who are the top ten hip hop producers of all time?
Is iPhone 7 worth the price?	Is it worth buying the iPhone 7?
How IS TO get into MIT?	What should I do to get into MIT (undergrad)?
How do I place my first question on Quora?	How do I ask someone a question on Quora?
What's the scariest movie you have ever watched?	What is the scariest movie you've ever seen?
I like a guy that goes to my school. How should I talk to him?	I like this boy in my summer school how do I talk to him?
Does wearing glasses make your eyesight worse?	Does wearing glasses make my eyesight worse?
Which is the best fractal generating software?	What are some of the best fractal-generating software?
In what order should I read Pratchett's Discworld novels?	Is there a particular order in which you should read Terry Pratchett's Discworld novels?
Can skipping increase your height?	How can you increase your height?
What`s the best way to get rid of porn addiction?	How do I get rid off from porn addiction?
How I prepare for GMAT?	What is the best way to prepare GMAT?
Why we spend time in answering questions on Quora?	What motivates people with technical experience to answer questions on Quora?
What is your opinion on Finding Dory?	What are your thoughts on Finding Dory?
When will stem cell based tooth regeneration treatment be available?	When do you think it will be possible to regrow their own teeth via stem cell tooth regeneration?
How can I study efficiently everyday?	What should I do to study efficiently?
What is it like to work for the FBI?	How's it like to work for the FBI?
How can I lose weight effectively?	How do I actually lose weight?
How do I post something in Quora?	How can I ask my question on Quora?
What should I do to improve my English skill?	How does one improve English?
What is the difference between Web 2.0 site and Web 3.0 site?	What's the difference between Web 3.0 and Web 2.0?
Is Viagra good or bad?	Is viagra good?
Why do humans have belly button holes?	Why do we have a belly button?
What is Hillary Clinton like in private?	What is Hillary Clinton really like?
How do you know if a guy likes you?	How can I know if a. guy likes me?
What are personification sentence examples?	What are examples of personification of life?
What is the CCNA exam?	What is the CCNA exam like?
Why India is not releasing video of surgical strike on Pakistan?	Why can't India release videography of surgical strike in public?
What do you think of Rand Paul?	What do you think of Rand Paul and Why?
Should the education system in India change?	Does the Indian education system need to change and why?
How do you view the Indian government's decision to fight "black money" by scrapping 500 rupee and 1000 rupee notes?	What do you think will be the effect of Modi Government's decision of invalidating the RS 500 and RS 1000 notes?
Where do I find a U.S. family office database?	Where can I find a U.S. family office database?
What are the most important things about your country?	What are the best things about your country?
Does long distance relationship work?	Can a long distance relationship still exist? How can you make it work?
What are some subtle signs you realized your antidepressant was working?	After how long did you notice your antidepressant working?
What would happen if I sent two private investigators to find each other?	Would I be able to hire two private investigators and then get them to follow each other?
How can I remove humidity in laptop?	How can I remove humidity in a laptop?
What should I know to get into GSoC?	What should a CS student learn to get selected in GSoC?
What does Jimmy Wales think of?	What does Jimmy Wales think?
Is it bad for health to eat eggs every day?	Is it healthy to eat instant white oats every day?
What is the best martial arts for the streets?	What martial arts(s) would best be fit for use in violent street fights?
Where do I start learning about hacking?	Where/how do I start to learning hacking as a newbie?
What should i do to gain weight quickly?	How can I gain weight quickly?
Is it bad to take pictures/videos while rushing frats?	Is it bad to take pictures/videos while rushing MIT frats?
How can reading improve my English?	How can reading improve english?
What should I do if I want to increase leads to sales on my website?	What should I do if I need to increase sales on my website?
How do you view all the tables in SQL?	How do I view tables on SQL database?
Is World War 3 closer than it has ever been?	Is World War 3 coming?
What does Elisa do after the stranger leaves?	What does Elisa do after the stranger leaves in Steinbeck's 'Chrysanthemums'?
Why does Quora have a character limit for question titles and details?	Why does Quora limit my question details to 300 characters?
What is the way to get peace of mind?	What gives you peace of mind?
Why do people on Quora mention their IQ all the time.?	Why do so many people on Quora ask questions about IQ?
What do Indians think of Donald Trump as a leader?	What do Indians think about Donald Trump?
What are some examples of historical allusions?	What is an historical allusion and what are some examples?
What is the ultimate happiness in life?	What is ultimate happiness for you?
God: Who/What is God?	What is God?
Which are the best books for GATE?	What are the best books for GATE preparation?
What are good ways to start a business intelligence startup?	What are good ways to start a startup in the business intelligence niche?
How can you determine the decomposition of copper nitrate?	What factors affect the decomposition of copper nitrate?
My guy friend hasn't texted me for about three days now. Should I worry?	My guy friend hasn't texted me for about a week now. Should I worry?
How should I focus on my studies?	How can I focus on studies?
Who is Sonam Gupta and what's the scene behind it?	Who is sonam Gupta & why she is 'bewafa'?
What are the best books to be read during pregnancy?	What kind of books should I read during pregnancy?
How do sensors work?	How does a sensor work?
Will there be a third World War?	Are we overdue for a world war?
How did you memorise the periodic table?	What is a great way to memorise the Periodic Table?
What are the top 10 movies of 2016 (any genre)?	What are your top 10 favourite movies of 2016?
Where can I meet British people in Ontario Canada?	Where are British people most concentrated in Ontario?
Should India put a legislation on brain drains?	Should India go for a legislation to stop brain drain?
How can you speak and learn fluent English like Karan Johar?	How do I speak English properly and confidently?
How can I allocate more computer processing power of to excel macro to speed it up?	How can I allocate more computer processing power to excel macros?
How do astronauts on the ISS get sexual relief?	Do astronauts masturbate in space or what do they do when they get aroused?
Is there any way to punch harder and faster?	What are some tips for punching harder and faster?
Do long distance relationships work?	Is there a single case of a successful long distance relationship?
Which is the best Angular 2 book?	Which is the best book to learn Angular 2?
What is the thing you've done that can make you the laziest person in the world?	What's the laziest thing you've ever done?
How will long distance relationship work?	How do we can remain satisfied in a long distance relationship?
What are the career option and job opportunities for mechanical engineering graduate student in Germany?	How are job opportunities in Germany for an Indian student with a Master's in mechanical engineering?
How will computer programming be affected by quantum computing?	How much will programming change if a quantum computer is introduced?
Should people all over the world speak only one language?	Would it better if the whole world spoke in one common language?
How can I tell if she likes me?	How do I know that she like me?
How is a hedge fund different from a mutual fund?	What are the differences between a hedge fund and a mutual fund?
Why was cyrus mistry removed?	Why was Cyrus Mistry sacked by Ratan Tata from Tata Sons?
Why are all my questions immediately being marked as needing improvement?	Why are ALL my questions being marked as needing improvement?
Which is the best international airline?	What is the best international airline?
What are some popular method to do suicide?	What are the ways to commit suicide?
What are some horror stories that have happened in real life?	What are the horror stories witnessed by real life?
How is the word "subside" used in a sentence?	How can the word "subside" be used in a sentence?
Is there any way I can track a lost iPhone 4s using imei code?	How do I find my lost mobile using IMEI?
What is subprime mortgage?	What is subprime mortgages?
Do woman like to be chased?	Do women/girls like to be chased?
How do men last longer in bed?	How do I last longer during sexual activity?
How does co-signing a loan affect your credit?	What does co-signing do to your credit?
Have you ever died in a dream?	Have you ever died in your dream?
What's the funniest story you've ever heard?	What is the funniest story you ever heard?
How can we increase confidence?	How can I increase my confidence?
How did you overcome porn addiction?	Why can't I beat my porn addiction?
Is there any way of blocking from my Quora feed any question that includes a topic that I flag?	Is there a way to mute / ignore / block a topic from appearing in my feed?
How do you fix a jagged tooth?	How do you fix jagged teeth?
What formula is used for making a rocket?	What is the used formula for making rockets?
What are good ways to prepare for gate exam in 3 months so that I will secure good rank?	How should GATE be cracked within 3 months (ECE)?
Why does the truth tend to hurt?	Why does the truth hurt?
What are the top 5 best catches in the world for cricket?	What are some unbelievable catches in cricket?
What does it feel like to be blind?	What is it like to go blind?
Why does time feel like it goes faster as we get older?	Why does time seem too pass quickly as we get older?
Why is Lil Wayne considered to be in the Illuminati?	Why is is Lil Wayne considered an Illuminati?
Did the Indian government ban the 500 Rs & 1000 rupees notes?	Why did Modi ban 500 and 1000 rupees notes and not 100 rupee notes?
Can an infinite amount of dark or vacuum or gravitational energy be created with expansion?	If dark energy is being created with expansion can infinite of it be created?
How can you lose 35 pounds in 3 months without compromising your health?	How can you effectively lose 35 pounds in 3 months?
Why is my phone not charging?	Why isn't my phone charging?
What is the best way to teach kids alphabets?	How can I teach my kids the alphabet?
What are the major factors contributing to higher ecological foot print?	Explain the major factors contributing to a higher ecological footprint?
What are some of the best books to prepare for ntse?	What are the best books to prepare for NTSE?
What is the best restaurant in London and why?	What is the best restaurant in London?
How can I lose weight at age 55?	What is the best way to be in a calorie deficit and lose weight successfully?
What are some key points of Indian Economic survey 2016?	What are the key takeaways from 20 Chapters of Economic Survey 2015-16?
Is it a must to enter the Schengen Area through the country that issued me a Schengen visa?	Is it a must to enter and escape the Schengen Area through the country that issued me a visa?
What is the toughest math problem?	What is the toughest math problem ever?
What are the reasons behind nuclear energy being non-renewable?	Is nuclear energy "renewable energy"?
How do we say "thank you" in your language?	How do you say thanks to other people in your country / in your local language?
Which is the creepiest photo ever?	What are the creepiest photos ever?
How do you know you're in love again?	How do you know if you are in love with your crush?
When is the abstract method required in Java?	What is the use of abstract methods in Java?
How can I get internships in Bangalore?	How do I attend internship in Bangalore?
What is the best and quick way to lose weight?	What is the fastest way to lose weight?
What are the safety precautions on handling shotguns proposed by the NRA in North Carolina?	What are the safety precautions on handling shotguns proposed by the NRA in California?
What is the best app to track someone's phone location without having the person's device?	How can I track my friend's phone without them knowing it?
What are the top programming languages to learn?	How many languages need for computer programming and which is the best?
How does first time sex feel like?	How did you feel first time sex as a virgin?
Why do answers on Quora get collapsed?	Why do some answers get collapsed on Quora?
Do people want to learn Chinese?	Does anybody want to learn Chinese?
Is it hard to be a parent?	How hard is it really to be a parent?
What is the difference between Ethernet and WiFi?	What's the difference between WiFi and Ethernet?
Why doesn't McDonalds open more restaurants in Africa?	Why doesn't McDonald's open more stores in Africa?
Which is the best site for unlocking iCloud activation lock in iPhone 5?	How can I activate iPhone when it is iCloud locked?
What exactly is open source software?	What is an open-source software?
How can I learn Java at home?	How can I learn Java effectively at home? Some good websites?
How do you clean a lint brush?	What are some of the best ways to clean a lint brush?
What are the repercussions of 500 and 1000 rupee notes not being legal tender anymore?	How will India be affected now that 500 and 1000 rupee notes have been banned?
What are some jobs in marketing communications?	What are careers in marketing communications?
How do I speak English properly and confidently?	How can I learn to speak English fluently?
What are your New Year's resolutions for 2017?	What's are your resolutions for 2017?
Where can I find the happiness?	Where can we find happiness?
Why is the Indian government introduced 2000 note instead of 1000 note?	Why did not government changed 1000 rupees note instead of 2000 rupees note?
What is the value of pi ?	What is the value of pi?
How do I stop myself from feeling like a loser?	How can I stop thinking of myself as a loser?
How do I forget someone whom I have loved with all my heart?	How do I forget someone whom I really love?
When does infosys mysore training start its next batch after october?	When does Infosys Mysore training start its next batch after october2016?
Is sparkling seltzer water healthy?	Is sparkling water or seltzer healthier for you?
What is the minimum you look for before investing in a startup?	What do you look for in a startup before investing?
What will happen now that Donald Trump has won the elections?	What will happen if Donald Trump wins the election?
What are some of the worst experiences you've had with your boss?	What is your worst experience with your boss?
How will Indian GDP be affected from banning 500 and 1000 rupees notes?	What are the economic implications of banning 500 and 1000 rupee notes?
How does Google recover an account?	What are my options for recovering my Google account?
What is the difference between stupid and idiot?	What is the difference between being an idiot and being stupid?
How do you know when your partner is cheating?	How do I know if my wife cheats?
What's the best thing to eat/drink after a long run?	What is the best thing to drink after a long run?
Where can I find English/Chinese subtitles for a Korean movie?	Where can I find English subtitles for Korean movies?
How did the dinosaurs die out?	How did dinosaurs become extinct?
My questions haven't changed. Why are they now being marked as needing improvement?	What happens to questions marked as needing improvement? Are they inhibited from being seen as other questions are?
What should I do to get to NASA?	How do I get a job at NASA?
What will be the effect of possible war between India and Pakistan on Indian Stock market?	How does our economy effect if war happens between India and Pakistan?
What are rainbows? How are they formed?	Why do rainbows form? How are they formed?
How did you prepare for the GATE without any coaching?	How do I prepare for GATE without coaching?
Did anybody send their teenager daughter to a therapeutic boarding school?	Did anybody send their teen daughter to a therapeutical boarding school?
What is a way to get your attention?	What is the best way to get your attention?
What does the healthcare system in the US lack?	Why is the US healthcare system the worst in the western world?
Why do all Greek statues have such small penises?	Why did the ancient Greeks have small penises?
What is the best way for making money online?	Is there any easy way to make money online?
How do you beat Reality TV Island on Poptropica?	How do I beat Reality TV Island on Poptropica?
What is an up vote and what does it mean?	What does up vote and down vote mean in Quora?
How dangerous is Donald Trump?	Is Donald Trump dangerous?
Are animals capable of feeling/experiencing emotions unknown to humans?	Do animals have emotions and feelings?
What are the easy ways to earn money online?	What is a way to make money online?
What is the process and fees to file a complaint in consumer forum?	How do I file complaint in consumer forum?
How much time is required for CAT preparations?	How much time is required for CAT preparation?
Is there any way in which I can download Hollywood movies in India for free and legally?	How can I download Hollywood movies In india?
How do highly successful people manage their time?	How do successful people manage their time?
How do I improve my English language?	How do I speak English like celebrities?
Is it okay to have sex with your boyfriend before marriage?	Is it right to having sex before marriage?
Can introverts be successful in sales?	How introvert would be good at sales?
What celebrities have converted to Islam?	Who are some famous people who converted to Islam?
How do you answer a questions on Quora?	How do I answer a question on Quora?
What is the smallest and most versatile drone that has a video camera?	What is the worlds smallest drone with camera?
What are some useful iPhone apps? Why are these apps useful?	What are some useful iPhone apps?
What are the things needed when you're planning a bridal shower party?	How do I plan a bridal shower party?
What are some fun facts about the circulatory system?	What are the facts about the human circulatory system?
How can I erase everything from my iPhone 6?	How do you erase an iPhone 6?
What is the best way to reduce weight?	What are the best simple ways to loose weight?
What causes a person to be gay?	What causes people to be LGBTI?
What is the meaning of the word "reminiscing"?	What is the meaning of reminiscing?
What are some ways to profit from a Trump Presidency?	What are some good ways to profit economically from the nightmare Trump presidency?
Which are the best methods to learn a language?	What is the best way to learn any new foreign language?
What are some effective ways to get over a past relationship?	How do I get over a long-term relationship breakup?
How do I get my Facebook account back if I've changed phone numbers and they still send the code to the other number?	How do I send the approval code for Facebook to a new cell phone number?
Who are the best fashion social media agencies in Australia?	Who are the best social media agencies in fashion in Australia?
How can I make money via YouTube?	How can I make money on YouTube?
When did you first realize that you were gay/lesbian/bi?	When/how did you realize you were gay/bisexual? Were you in denial?
What do you do with your free time?	What do you do when you have free time?
What is the best age to lose your virginity?	What is the ideal age to loose your virginity?
How do I start my career in cyber security?	What is the best way to learn Cyber Security?
How do I improve my pronunciation of English?	What are the best ways to improve my English because I'm not good in English?
What are the safety precautions on handling shotguns proposed by the NRA in Minnesota?	What are the safety precautions on handling shotguns proposed by the NRA in Kentucky?
Which one should I buy 'OnePlus 3' or 'Motorola moto G4 plus' smartphone?	Which one should I buy? Moto g4 plus or oneplus 3?
From where can I pursue digital marketing course?	Which is the best digital marketing course?
What are the advantages and disadvantages of credit?	What are the advantages and disadvantages of using a credit card?
Which are the best ways to lose weight?	What are the ways of losing weight?
How do eukaryotic and prokaryotic cells differ?	How are prokaryotic and eukaryotic cells different?
Why my question was marked as needing imrovement?	Why was my question marked as needing improvement?
What are the best places to hang out in Delhi with friends?	What are some good places to hang out in Delhi?
How does one become a celebrity?	What is the easiest way to become a celebrity?
What are some examples of metal alloys?	What are examples of alloys?
Why does Quora do this "marked as needing improvement?	Is there a way on Quora to ask why a specific question was marked as needs improvement?
What do your friends think about you?	What do your friends think of you?
Is this move of banning 500 & 1000 Rupee notes right?	What is your view on the move to scrap 500 and 1000 rupee notes? What will be its effects?
How can I restore my factory settings to my Dell 3521 laptop?	How do I restore my Dell computer to factory settings?
How can I loose 5kgs weight in a week without exercise?	How can I lose my weight quickly without doing exercise?
Is there any possibility that reservation on the basis of caste will end in India in future?	Is it possible for India to become reservation free?
Which is the best way of achieving a good GATE rank?	What can I achieve with a good GATE rank?
What are some ways to kill boredom?	How do people deal with boredom?
Will 4G be a success in India?	Will 4G be successful in India?
Can an international student with an F1 visa under 18 start a non-profit organization in the U.S.?	I am an international student in the US holding F1 visa. Can I start a non-profit organization?
Why is Narendra Modi not attending the parliament on demonetization issue?	Why is PM Modi not speaking in parliament on Demonetization move?
Where can I score pot in Delhi?	Where can I score high quality charas in Delhi?
Is Russia a poor country?	Why is Russia a poor country?
What are the strongest military powers?	What are the top 10 strongest military powers in the world?
How is agriculture sector doing in India?	What are the problems in the agricultural sector of India?
Which is the best laptop to purchase under INR 60K?	Which is the best laptop I should buy under Rs.60000?
Why do so may people ask questions on Quora that can easily be found by a simple Google searh?	Why do people ask questions here in Quora instead of just googling?
What is the scariest you have ever heard or read?	What is the scariest story you have ever heard?
How could Germany have won World War II?	Was it ever possible for Germany to win World War II?
What is the best book you've read that has improved your business or finances?	What is the best book you've read that has improved your business? Why?
How do I prepare myself for public speaking?	What are the tips for public speaking?
What are some mind-blowing iPhone/Android gadgets that most people don't know about?	What are some mind-blowing Smartphone tools that exist that most people don't know about?
What are the best books for clat 2017?	Which is best book for preparing CLAT 2017?
Don't you think Modi will repeal decision to ban 500 and 1000 notes as it will cause high inconvenience?	What do you think about decision by the Indian Government to demonetise 500 and 1000 rupees note?
What were Hillary Clinton's positive achievements as Secretary of State?	What accomplishments did Hillary Clinton achieve during her time as Secretary of State?
What is the best coaching institute for gmat in Delhi?	Which is the best institute for preparing for GMAT in Delhi/NCR?
What should be my study strategy for first year of MBBS?	What is the proper methodology to study 1st year MBBS?
Is time travel to 2010 possible?	Could time travel be possible?
How can I know the things I should know?	What are the things everyone should know how to do?
Which calculus book is better for IIT JEE - Cengage Learning by G.Tewani or Arihant' s Amit M Agrawal?	I am a dropper which book should I prefer for calculus Cengage or Arihant by Amit M Agarwal?
What is the best institute for CAT preparation in Delhi?	Which is the best coaching institute for CAT in Delhi?
What are some good online sources of free books?	Is there any site to download free books?
How do I improve on my math skills?	How can I improve in my maths?
How can you seduce a girl for sex?	How can I attract girls for sex?
What are the top hotels in Bhopal for business trips?	What are the best hotels in Bhopal for business trips?
Are there any conspiracy theories that are probably true? Any conspiracy theories that turned out to be true?	Are any of the conspiracy theories actually true?
Is World War 3 coming?	Do you think we are on the verge of World War III?
Could the Earth's magnetic field be used to produce electrical energy?	Can earth's magnetic field be used to produce electricity?
What's the pros and cons of being a flight attendant?	What are the pros and cons of becoming a flight attendant?
Where did you go to school?	Where do you go to school?
How do you write a really good comparison essay?	How do I write a good comparison essay?
What is difference between front end and back end web developer?	What is the difference between front end and back end website development?
How did Donald trump win?	Why did Donald Trump win the 2016 American election?
Why are the oil prices decreasing?	Why are the oil prices decreasing drastically these days?
Which is best power bank?	Which are the best power banks?
What are some mind-blowing Smartphone tools that exist that most people don't know about?	What are the most useful devices or gadgets you own for your smartphone that maybe other people don't know about?
How are GATE marks calculated?	How do I calculate GATE marks out of 1000?
Why do most airplane windows have a very tiny hole in them?	What is the little hole in airplane windows there for?
Is online education the future of education?	Is online learning the backbone of future education?
Why can we say that the book Bonjour Tristesse is amoral and cynical?	Why can we say the book Bonjour Tristesse is amoral and cynical (with detail)?
Is Indian currency bill Rs. 2000 has GPS chip for tracking?	Is it true that ₹ 2000 currency notes in India are embedded with GPS chips? Can it be done at all?
What is a break in relationships?	What exactly is a break in a relationship?
What happens to questions marked as needing improvement? Are they inhibited from being seen as other questions are?	How do I talk to the moderators who marked my questions as needing improvements in Quora?
How does it feel when you know you are about to die/dying?	What is it feel like to die?
How do I reverse the side effects of chronic masturbation?	How can I reverse the effects of masturbation?
Why is Manaphy sleeping throughout in Pokemon Ranger and The Temple Of The Sea?	Why is Manaphy sleeping like a baby throughout in Pokemon Ranger and The Temple Of The Sea?
My lower left eye has been twitching for the past 15 days. What could be the cause of this and how can I make it stop?	Why does my left eye keep twitching involuntarily?
How can I get peace of mind?	How do I find peace of mind?
Which are the best field in engineering?	Which is the best engineering field that I can choose?
Is there any scientific evidence that supports astrology?	Is there a scientific basis to believe in astrology?
How to read minds like mentalist?	How do I read peoples mind?
How do I get rid of flies in my house?	How do I get rid of baby flies in my house?
Do Nazis still exist?	Are there still Nazis?
How unsafe the deep web is?	Is the Deep Web dangerous to access?
What are the career option after graduation in electrical engineer?	What are the career options after electrical engineering excluding joining the MNCs?
How do I overcome heroin addiction?	How can I quit my heroin addiction?
Why do we have different sized fingers?	Why do we have fingers of different length?
What guarantees are there that the new 500 and 2000 INR can't be duplicated given the quality of the notes?	What are the security features of a new Rs. 500 and Rs. 2000 notes?
What is the difference between fruit flies and fleas?	Insects: What is the difference between fruit flies and fleas?
What are some of the best jokes you've ever heard?	What are some of funniest jokes that you have ever heard?
What is best way to earn money in 2016 without investment?	What are some easy ways to earn money Without doing any hard work?
How to deal with procrastination?	How should I deal with procrastination?
What should I do in Phuket?	What can I do in Phuket?
How can I get rid of acne and its effect?	How do I get rid of acne and its spots?
Why are basically all of my questions on Quora marked as 'needing improvement'? Am I that bad?	Why do questions get marked for 'needing improvment' when they clearly don't?
Why are there no female Navy SEALs?	Has there ever been any female Navy Seal yet?
Why are biofuels carbon neutral?	Why is biodiesel carbon neutral?
What is an example of internal conflict?	What are some examples of internal conflict?
Why is the USA's economy better than other countries?	Why is the USA richer than all other countries? How is that the US economy is better compared to others?
My wife is infertile. Should I divorce her to marry someone else?	My wife is infertile should I divorce her to marry someone else?
Should India have a uniform civil code (personal laws)?	Why doesn't India have a uniform civil code?
What is the worst thing that could happen in a Donald Trump presidency?	What is the worst thing trump could do?
How can I stop worrying about what other people think?	What can I do to stop worrying what others think?
How can I see who viewed my Instagram video?	How can I see who viewed my video on Instagram but didn't like my video?
Is India going to win any medals in Rio Olympics 2016?	How many Gold medels will India win in Rio olympics 2016?
What are the demographics of Quora users?	How can I know the demographics of Quora users?
How can I permanently delete my question from Quora? Can deleting the profile help?	How do I erase all my answers and question on Quora?
Which are some of the best freelancing sites?	Which is best site for freelancing?
How do I satisfy the girl during sex?	How we can satisfy a girl in sex?
How can I learn communication skills?	What should we do to improve communication skills?
How do I lose fats and excessive weight from body?	How can I lose weight slowly and naturally?
What is the most popular programming language in 2016?	What is the most popular programming language in this year?
How can a non-US citizen start a business in the US?	How can a non-US citizen start a small business in US?
How do I know when I'm in love?	How do I know if I am in love?
How can we live a stress-free life?	How can I live a stress free life?
What would happen if earth stopped rotating?	What will happen if somehow the earth stopped rotating and revolving at the same time?
Is it safe to buy a laptop-online from Infibeam?	Is it safe to buy a laptop online?
What is the stock market?	What is sensex all about and how to understand the stock market?
Should i buy iPhone 7 or iPhone 6S?	Am I supposed to buy iPhone 6s Plus or I should wait for iPhone 7?
What is the worst food you ever cooked or ate?	What is the worst meal you have ever cooked?
When will humans become immortal?	Can humans become immortal?
What is the poorest country in the world.?	Which Country is the richest on the planet?
Why do people say god bless you when you sneeze?	Why do we say god bless you when we sneeze?
How will the step taken of demonetisation of Rs 1000 and Rs 500 notes affect the life of middle class people?	What is going to be the impact of banning 500 1000 rs on poor and middle class?
How do you fake cry?	What are some ways to fake cry?
How do I get rid of pimples permanently?	What is the best way to get rid of acne?
What causes the Earth to rotate on its axis?	What Is the cause of earth rotation around Its axis?
Interviewing: What are the ways to face interview?	How can we face an interview?
What is your unforgettable experience?	What's your most Unforgettable experience?
How do Filipinos feel about President Rodrigo Duterte?	How do Fillipinos think about their current president Duterte?
Which is the best book for Python beginners to advance?	Which books are the best for beginners to learn Python 3?
How company's divides shares between NSe and BSE?	How a company shares or divides its stocks to NSE and BSE? Or NSE and BSE are just pointers to companies total stocks?
What movie have you watched the most times?	Which movie have you watched the most times? How many times did you watch it?
How mutually intelligible are Old Norse and Icelandic?	How similar is Old Norse to modern Icelandic?
What is the best way to stop being obsessed with something?	How do I stop being obsessed over something?
Do we need to prepare a CV to get admission into B-schools?	Do we need to prepare a CV for admission in B-schools?
What's the most bizarre thing you saw while driving?	What's the craziest thing you have ever seen while driving?
Why do guys get attracted to a girl's legs?	Why are guys attracted to girls legs?
Can time travel ever be possible?	Is time travel theoretically possible?
How much money do I need to start a book publishing company?	How much money would it cost to start a book publishing company?
How do I reduce my weight?	What is a good diet to lose weight?
Why India can't ban Chinese products?	Why can't we just block the import of Chinese goods in India?
How do I make money starting a blog?	How can we make money out of blogs?
In case of suicide will there be ligature present always?	Is ligature a must in a case suicide?
Do people use google+?	Does anyone still use Google+?
How and when did WWII start and end?	When and how did WWII start and end?
What is the most beautiful place you have traveled to?	Which is the most beautiful place you have ever visited?
What happens to the a person's soul after his/her death?	How will it be after death? Where does the soul go?
How will the implementation of GST bill impact the lives of common people?	What's the importance of GST bill in India?
What is the most probable cutoff of KVPY SA 2016?	What will be the cut-off for KVPY SA stream in 2016?
What made Tata group chairman Cyrus Mistry to quit?	What are your views on Cyrus Mistry being removed as Chairperson of Tata Sons?
What are some examples of a cinder cone volcano? How do they differ from other types of volcanoes?	What are some examples of cinder cone volcanoes? What are the parts of cinder cone volcanoes?
What is the rationale behind introducing Rs.2000 currency notes in India?	What is the reason behind introducing Rs 2000 notes instead of Rs 1000?
Do virtual particles and energy in vacuum really exist? How do we know if they exist if we can't observe them? Where are they?	Are vacuum fluctuations energy in vacuum? Are these virtual particles? How do we know there's energy in vacuum if they didn't exist? Do they exist?
What are the best road trip songs?	What are the best car songs while on road trips?
What are some coolest camping gadgets that exist that most people don't know about?	What are some mind blowing camping tools that exist that most people don't know about?
What are the best screen recording softwares for Windows 7?	Which is the best screen recording software for Windows 7?
How can you login to Comcast router?	How do I log into my Comcast router?
How do I get rid of cellulite on my thighs and butt?	Why do people have cellulite and how do you get rid of it?
I am very poor in taking decisions in my life and my past experience proved it. How can I improve my decision making skills?	How can I improve quick decision making skills?
What are the disadvantages of the internet?	What is the advantage of Internet?
What kind of president would Hillary Clinton be?	What would a Hillary Clinton presidency be like?
What do you feel is the purpose of life?	What could be the basic purpose of life?
How is the water cycle affected by humans?	How is the water cycle impacted by humans?
How does sex feel like for the first time?	How does first time sex feel like?
What is the easiest way to learn how to draw?	How do you learn to draw?
Should I drop one year after BCA for MBA preparations?	Should I drop one year after BTech for mba preparations?
What is the meaning of Diy?	What is the meaning of the acronym "DIY"?
Is man inherently good or evil?	Are some people inherently evil?
How can I know about quantum physics?	How much do we actually know about quantum physics?
What would happen if Arvind Kejriwal were PM of India?	How would Arvind Kejriwal be if he was the PM of India?
What is the difference between a Bachelor of Engineering and a Bachelor of Technology?	What is the difference between B.E. and B.Tech in engineering terms?
How can I lose or reduce thigh and hip fat fast?	What exercises can be done so as to reduce fat around hip?
What is the best operating system for the typical user?	Which is the best operating system (PC) for an average user?
How can I convince my parents for a love marriage?	In what ways can I convince my parents for a love marriage?
When is the end of the world suppose to come?	When is the end of the world supposed to come?
How can I increase my communication skills?	How can you improve your communication skills?
What can I do to stop thinking about anything?	How can I stop thinking about something?
What should I do if a girl proposed to me first?	What if a girl proposes?
Can I grow my skin hair into a facial hair?	What can men do to stimulate their skin to grow less facial hair?
How does one deal with anger issues?	What do I do to have anger management?
What is the best book to learn basics in finance?	Which is the best book to learn finance basics?
What was the worst experience you had with a police officer?	What was your worst encounter with a police officer?
Can you exercise directly after eating?	Can one exercise after eating food?
Who is the most successful person of all time?	Who are the most successful person?
How can I password protect my external hard disk drive (Seagate)?	How can I password protect a single folder in my external hard disk without installing any software?
Do any of the public universities in Germany offer degree programs taught in English?	Which universities in Germany teach undergraduate in English?
How can I wake myself up when I'm tired?	How do I wake yourself up when tired during the day?
What is the difference between to and for?	What's the difference between to and for?
What was the first question on Quora?	What was the very first question on Quora? And what was the answer?
How can I concentrate in my daily studies?	How do I concentrate in study?
Is there life after life?	Can we ever know if there is life after death?
Which are some of the best VC firms and Startup Accelerators you are aware of?	Which is the best startup accelerator?
Why is Gangnam style so popular?	Why was Gangnam Style so famous?
Is doing sport necessary?	Why is doing sport important?
What are some good books on body language and human psychology?	What are the best books of body language?
Daniel Ek: Are there any future plans of releasing Spotify in India?	When will Spotify launch it's services in INDIA?
How can I win at a casino?	How do I win money in casino?
How do you earn money from internet?	How can I earn money online?
Why must Apple products be so expensive if the products are littered with faults?	Why are Apple products so much more expensive than products of other companies having similar specifications?
Which phone should I buy under INR 15K?	Which mobile phone should I buy under Rs.15000?
How do I change my profile pic on Quora?	How do I add or change my Quora profile picture?
Which is the best country to live in the world?	What are some of the best countries to visit and or live in and why?
What are some examples of a narrative paragraph?	What are some examples of narrative paragraph?
How should one best prepare for IAS examination?	How should I prepare myself for civil services examination?
What are some good ways of investing a small amount of money? ..lets say 500$.	Which is the best way to invest small amount of money?
What will happen to the stock market if Trump wins?	What will happen to the stock markets if Trump wins?
How can I retrieve my snapchat story?	How can I recover my snapchat story?
What ethnicity were the Moors of Sicily?	Who were the moors?
What's the most convincing conspiracy theory?	What is the most convincing conspiracy theory?
How do I work more efficiently?	How can I improve my work efficiency?
How do businesses use social media?	What are the best ways to use social media for business?
Can Bernie Sanders still register as an independent candidate?	Can Bernie Sanders still run as independent if the DNC nominates Hillary?
What are some of your favourite poems?	What is your favourite poem and why?
Why do you calculate the square root of a number?	What is a use of square root (underroot) in our daily life?
Why evaporation causes cooling?	Why evaporation is a cooling process?
What will happen to the food chain if every human turns into a vegetarian or a vegan?	What will happen if each and every person living on earth turns vegetarian?
Can parallel universe exist for real?	Are parallel universes real?
What are some friendship tattoo symbols?	What are some friendship tattoo symbols and meanings?
Will I lose weight by only drinking water?	Does only drinking water for a whole day lose weight?
What is the increase organic traffic of websites?	How can I increase traffic to a story blog?
How make a marketing plan?	What are the basic elements of a marketing plan?
Who has viewed my Instagram?	I want to know who view my Instagram?
Why doesn't anyone text me?	Why does nobody text me?
Why is the Quora community so anti-Donald Trump?	Why is Quora biased against Donald Trump?
Is it possible as Elon Musk suggests to terraform Mars by nuking it?	How Mars can be terraformed? How does Elon Musk plan to do it?
Why do we need the Rajya Sabha?	What is the need for Rajya Sabha in India?
What should I do to gain my confidence back?	How do I gain my confidence back?
How important should sex be in a relationship?	Is sex important in love?
What is the best way to find someone?	How can I find someone?
What is line?	What is a line?
What is a deep web?	How do I navigate the deep/dark web?
What is the difference between accounting and accountancy?	What is the main difference between accounting and accountancy?
What are the best digital marketing courses for mid-senior level marketing managers?	Digital Marketing colleges in India?
How would you define India in one line?	What is your thought about India in one line?
What does the ISIS want?	What does ISIS want? What is its objective?
What is the best virtual assistant company in the UK?	Which are the best Virtual Assistant companies in UK?
How do I lose weight ayurvedically?	How do I lose weight?
How would you scrub through data?	How would you clean data?
How can I stop masturbating daily?	How can I stop masturbating?
How do I overcome my social media addiction??	How do I break my social media addiction?
What should I do to increase my MacBook battery life?	How can I prolong my MacBook Pro battery life?
Why do Quorans appear to favor Hillary Clinton?	Why are most quorans pro-Hillary Clinton?
Why are one rupee notes issued by the Ministry of Finance and not by the Reserve Bank of India?	Why are one-rupee notes issued by the Ministry of Finance and not by the Reserve Bank of India?
Is it possible to solve the problem of drought and floods if we align the rivers of India?	Is it possible to solve the problems of droughts and floods if we align the rivers of India?
Why is Elon Musk so successful?	How did Elon Musk become so successful?
If you follow someone on Instagram can they see how many times you have viewed their profile?	Can you see who who viewed your videos on Instagram?
Why Indian government abruptly announced the demonetization of 500 and 1000 rupees currency?	What are the possible implications of Demonetization of 500 and 1000 rupee notes?
If our mythology was a myth?	Is mythology = myth?
How is zero gravity created on earth?	How is zero gravity environment created on earth for astronaut training?
What are the difference between 32 bit and 64 bit processor?	What is the difference between 32-bit and 64-bit?
What is the Holocaust?	What was the Holocaust?
What does having sex for the first time feel like?	What did it feel like when you first had sex?
What is something that I don't know and you know?	What is something that I don't know but you know?
What are the pros and cons of implementing a uniform civil code in India?	Are all religion other than Islam happy with uniform civil code in India?
Can we still live without money?	How do you live life without money?
Can you drink urine?	Can we drink urine?
What do Koreans think of indians?	What do Koreans think about India and Indians?
How many views and answers are required to become Top Writer in Quora?	How does someone become a top writer in Quora (criteria)?
How do I start data structures starting from zero?	How do I start learning data structures?
How do I get back with my ex girlfriend?	How do I get my ex boyfriend back?
How is life in mars?	How would life on Mars be like?
Do British people like Americans accents as much as Americans seem to like British accents?	What do British people think of American accents?
How does pornhub office look like?	What does pornhub office look like?
What is best way to make money online?	What is the best way for making money online?
Can the iPhone 4S record video in 720p?	Does the iPhone 4S shoot in 720p HD?
How can I improve in English?	How can l improve my English？?
How can I earn money through YouTube?	How do I make money with YouTube?
What are the famous caves in Chhattisgarh?	Which is the most famous cave in Chhattisgarh?
What are the safety precautions on handling shotguns proposed by the NRA in Washington?	What are the safety precautions on handling shotguns proposed by the NRA in Georgia?
What is the best way to learn Java programming?	What is the easiest way to learn java programming?
China: What makes majority of China filthy poor despite its high development rate?	China: What makes majority of China so poor despite its high development rate?
What is the most important thing to do in life?	What's the best thing to do in life?
How do I reduce double chin?	How do I get rid of a double chin?
What is the best way to learn stock trading?	What is a good way to learn stock trading?
Which is the best way to study without getting bored?	How can I Study Without Getting Bored?
Which is the best place to prepare for the IELTS?	How can I pass the IELTS?
How can register my company in startup India?	How do i register my startup company in India?
What's that one change you made in your routine that completly changed your life?	What is the one risk you should have taken that might have completely changed your life?
Should I get the new Macbook Pro?	What are your thoughts on the new 2016 MacBook Pro?
How do you potty train a English Bulldog/Pitbull mix puppy?	What's the easiest training system to potty train a yorkie puppy?
What is the most probable cutoff of KVPY SA 2016?	How was KVPY SA 2016 ? How does it compare to previous year papers? What is your expected cutoff for it?
What is a technical description about how a mechanical pencil works?	How does a mechanical pencil work?
What are the best investment strategies?	What are some of the best investment strategies?
What's your favorite song now?	What is your favorite song and why?
Will people still be able to have websites with no net neutrality?	Could people still make a website without net neutrality and why?
How important is your credit score?	How important is your credit score and what can I do to keep mine good?
What are some topics I can talk about in conversations?	What topic should we talk about so that the conversation doesn't end quickly?
What are the best way to gain confidence?	What is the key to confidence?
Why Quora don't understand emoji?	Why don't Quora has emojis?
How well-respected is the University of Edinburgh's mechanical engineering program in the eyes of employers?	How well-respected is the University of Edinburgh's mechanical engineering program?
Why does Quora always mark my questions as needing improvement?	Why are some questions on Quora flagged as needing improvement when they don’t need improvement?
How we can post in Quora?	How do I post something in Quora?
Who are Agatha Christie's major detectives?	Who are Agatha Christie's main detectives?
Which is your most favorite dialogue from Bollywood movies?	Bollywood: What is your favorite dialogue from Indian movies?
How do you know if you have an addiction to sex?	How do you know if you are a sex addict?
What is the best way to control our emotions?	What is an effective way to control emotion and how do you release your negative emotion?
Why can you not accelerate to faster than light?	Why can nothing move faster than light?
What is there in the Bermuda triangle?	Where is the Bermuda Triangle located?
What was the hardest decision you have made in your life?	What is the hardest decision you have made in your life?
What is the best poem that you have ever written?	What is the best poem or lines of poetry you have ever written?
How can I book train ticket online?	How do I book online railway train tickets online?
How do you find a true love?	How you can find true love?
How do I overcome depression?	How does anyone overcome depression?
Why did Indian government stopped making 1000 rupee note and started making 2000 instead?	Why did the Indian government develop a 1000 rupee note but developed 2000 rupee note?
What are some of the best part time jobs to do from home?	What are some part time jobs which can be done from home?
What do Indians think of Donald Trump as a leader?	What do Indians think of Donald Trump?
What's your new year resolution for 2017?	What is your New Year's resolution for 2017?
What are some of the best ways to learn and improve self-control?	What is the best way to improve our self-control?
What are the best escorts in Bangalore?	Which is the best escort service in Bangalore?
In what ways can I invest money?	How do I invest your money?
How do I stop caring about what people think about me?	How can I be indifferent to what people think of me?
What are the most favourite movie characters?	Who are your favourite and least favourite movie characters?
How can I improve my English in all aspects?	What should I do to improve my English ?
Is the US election rigged?	Are U.S. elections rigged?
How can I make a question in Quora?	How do I ask questions on Quora?
What causes a throbbing pain under the right rib cage?	What causes cramping under the left rib cage?
How do I quickly and efficiently learn a new language?	Which are the best methods to learn a language?
What are some signs that indicate that a guy likes you?	What are some signs that a shy guy likes you?
Is CAT after b.tech in mechanical engineering useful?	What are career opportunities in companies after an M.Tech in production engineering with a B.Tech in mechanical engineering?
Why did the National Media of India is always Northern biased?	Is the National Media biased towards North India?
Does geographic tongue hurt?	Why does geographic tongue sometimes hurt?
What are some of the coolest camping gadgets in the world?	What are some of the best camping gadgets and tools?
What are some effective ways to ward off depression?	What are the ways to fight mental depression?
How can I find who is calling me from a restricted number?	How can I find out who called me from an unknown "No Caller ID" private number?
What are the chances of winning the lottery?	What is the probability of winning a lotto?
How can I learn hacking at home?	How does one learn how to hack?
Which is the best book for Python beginners to advance?	Which is the best book for Beginners to learn Python?
As a beginner where to start artificial intelligence?	What are the the best ways of learning about artificial Intelligence?
How did Donald Trump become president?	How did Donald Trump win the 2016 US Presidential Election?
Which is the best earphone under 1000rs?	Which is the best earphone under 1000rs? Is soundmagic ES20 on top of that list?
Which is the best movie download site?	Which best sites to download movies?
What is a good online course on probability and statistics?	Which is the best online beginners course for probability and statistics?
Who is the most overrated Indian cricketer? Why?	Who is the most overrated Indian Cricketer?
Is there a pattern in morse code?	Is there a pattern to the designation of dots and dashes in the letters of International Morse Code?
What places should I visit during my visit to Kerala during July?	What are some good places to visit in Kerala on tour?
What are the top car brands?	Which is the best car brand?
How does the concept of free will contradict the concept of time travel?	How does time travel contradict free will?
How should I prepare for Google interview for a software developer position if I have 1 year to prepare?	What is the best way to prepare for a Google and a Facebook interview if I have half a year full time to prepare?
Are soulmates real?	Do you believe that soulmates exist?
How much weight can I lose drinking only water for 2 days?	Can I lose weight by not eating but just drinking water?
How easy is it to learn Java?	Is Java easy to learn for a beginner?
I had depression in the past. Reading some melancholic post here brought back some depressing feelings. How do I deal with it?	I had depression in the last. Reading some melancholic post here brought back some depressing feelings. How do I deal with it?
How can I become better at proofs in mathematics?	How do I become better at mathematical proofs?
How can I get rid off my "Fear of future"?	How do i get rid of fear about future?
How do I best outline my novel?	What is the best way to outline a novel/story for a novice writer?
What was your good deed for today?	What good deed did you perform today?
What was the biggest mistake of your life?	What is your biggest mistake?
What are the procedures for applying for MS abroad?	What is the procedure for applying for an MS abroad?
How soon can you test for pregnancy after ovulation?	How soon can you take a pregnancy test? Does the timeline impact accuracy?
What are the best books for IIT JAM math and what is the best strategy for preparation?	What are the best books for IIT-JAM mathematics?
What are the pros and cons of banning currency notes of 500 and 1000 in India?	What are the pros and cons of banning and replacing ₹500 and ₹1000 notes in India?
Who are the top hip hop artists of all time?	Who are the greatest hip-hop artists of all time?
Why doesn't India ban the import of Chinese goods as answer to its stance on NSG?	Why doesn't India stop importing goods from China?
Can I hack any phone by just having his phone number?	Can someone hack into your iPhone just by knowing your phone number?
How can one make their holidays more productive?	How can you make your holidays productive?
What are some famous ESL learners?	Who are some famous esl learners?
Does the color of candle wax determine its temperature?	BDSM: Does the color of the candle wax determine how hot it is?
What are the demographics of Quora users?	What are the demographics of Quora users and the main personas?
Who won the VP debate?	Who do you think won the VP debate (2016) and will it matter?
What is the best way to manage hypertension without using drugs?	What are the way To Control Your Hypertension Without Medications?
What role Brijmohan Agrawal play in the BJP?	What is the role of Brijmohan Agrawal play in BJP Chhattisgarh?
Why do so many people have a negative attitude toward Jewish people?	I'm not Jewish but why do so many people hate Jews? I've never understood this. What have they done?
How can I get Meth out of my system in less than 2 days so I can pass my drug test?	What's the best method to get meth out of your system?
Is there a way to develop photographic memory?	How do you develop photographic memory?
How can you lose weight really quick?	How can someone lose weight quickly?
How could I gain weight in a healthy way?	How do I gain weight in naturally way?
How do I develop my presence of mind?	What should anyone do to increase their presence of mind?
What is the best way to make money fast?	How can I start making money? What are the best ways to make money?
What is the best way of dealing with a family member with depression	How can a family member best help a sibling with depression?
How can I raise my self esteem?	How do you raise self confidence?
How do I tackle erectile dysfunction naturally?	Is there any natural solution for erectile dysfunction treatment?
What are the advantages of sex?	What is the advantages of sex?
Why do people write long answers on Quora?	Why do Quora users write very long answers?
What is meditation technique?	What is a meditation technique?
What do you think will be the effect of Modi Government's decision of invalidating the RS 500 and RS 1000 notes?	What do you think of the decision by the Indian government to demonetize 500 and 1000 rupee notes?
What should I eat immediately after workout?	What should I do immediately after workout?
What suggestions can be considered for improving the Indian education system?	How can we improve India's current education system?
Where  can i sell a business idea?	Can you sell your idea?
Where did Christopher Nolan get the idea for Inception?	How did Christopher Nolan come up with the idea for 'Inception'?
What should I do if I can't find my passion?	What if I can't find my passion?
Did Donald Trump knowingly mock a reporter for his disability or was he truly unaware of it?	Did Donald Trump really mock a disabled reporter?
How do I  focus on study during exams?	How do I focus on studies during exams?
What are bleaching agents?	What is a bleaching agent?
How long did it take you to learn code?	How long does it take to learn code well?
How can one overcome the fear of failure?	How do you conquer fear of failure?
What do Steve Job's famous words "connecting the dots" really mean?	What does Steve job's famous words "connecting the dots backwards" really mean?
What are the mysteries of the Bermuda Triangle?	What actually happens in the Bermuda Triangle?
What is the deep internet?	How do I access the deep dark web?
How do I apply for a PAN card?	How do I apply for pan card in bank?
How much is one billion?	What is one billion?
What is marketing environment?	What is marketing environment mean?
Which is the best movie of 2016?	Which is the best movie 2016?
How did Jeep get its name?	How did the Jeep brand originate?
How can you track someone by their phone?	How do you find someone phone by GPS?
If a moving particle had infinite mass at rest wouldn't that mean that whatever speed it has it would have infinite mass/energy?	If a moving particle had infinite mass at rest wouldn't that mean that whatever speed it has it would have infinite mass or energy everytime?
How do we live a happy life?	How do I become successful in life?
How do you commit suicide?	How commit suicide?
Why do people ask stupid questions on Quora that could be easily answered by Google?	Why do so many people ask things on Quora that they could just as easily Google?
What upgrades are expected with the next MacBook Pro with retina display and is there a firm release date?	When is the next posible release date for the Macbook Pro?
What is the next move that you suggest to Narendra Modi to eliminate black money?	What will be the next move by PM Modi to improve India?
What are the differences between Intel and AMD?	What are some differences between Intel and AMD?
What is most embrassing moment of your life?	What is the most embarrassed you have ever felt in your life?
Are there any free online practice tests for gre?	What is the link for free online GRE papers?
How can we prepare for the interview?	How should one prepare for interviews?
"Does the quality of One Plus three camera decrease with time?"?	Does the quality of One Plus three camera decrease with time?
What are the best new mobile inventions that most people don't know about?	What are the best new smartphone inventions that most people don't know about?
What is the most inspiring story about not giving up?	What is the most inspirating story you have heard/ read about not giving up?
Which rays have capacity to come out of black hole?	What are the things that can escape from a black hole?
Why can't we store the kinetic energy of a moving vehicle which is lost upon braking?	Is it possible to store kinetic store which is lost during the retardation of moving body?
Why does Quora mark so many questions as needing improvement?	Why does Quora always mark my questions as needing improvement?
How do you gain 20 pounds in a month in a healthy way?	Can you gain 20 pounds in a month?
How can I prevent an idea from being copied?	How do I protect a business idea from being stolen from VC? How do I protect the idea from being copied?
What are best job portals in india?	What are the best portals to switch jobs in India?
How can I gain more followers and improve my Twitter Page and following?	How can I gain thousands of Twitter followers?
Which is better: doing MS in structural engineering or doing MS in transportation engineering?	Which is better: doing MS in structural engineering or transportation engineering?
Are there people making money on Quora?	How do people make money from Quora?
How is the speed of light different in glass and water?	Why does the speed of light vary between different mediums?
What are some must read books for people in their 20s?	Which are some of the books that is a must read for a person in his 20s?
Do virtual particles and energy in vacuum really exist? Can we observe them? Where? When?	Are vacuum fluctuations energy in vacuum? Are these virtual particles? How do we know there's energy in vacuum if they didn't exist? Do they exist?
What is the best and highest paying affiliate program?	What is the highest paying affiliate program?
Why is Donald Trump destined to be a great President?	Could Donald Trump be a great president?
How do I lose weight fast?	How can I lose my weight quickly ?
What should I do if I want to be a rich person?	How can we become rich soon?
What is your take on Urjit Patel as the new RBI governor?	Can you justify appointment of Mr. Urjit Patel as next RBI governer?
What are some good tips to lose weight?	What are some good tips and exercises for losing weight?
How can I copy music videos from my laptop onto my iPhone?	How do you copy your home videos from computer onto your iPhone/iPad?
Is there any evidence of reincarnation?	Is there any concrete evidence of reincarnation?
Which is the best hindi movie in 2016?	Which is the best Bollywood flim in this year 2016?
I am in a process to loose weight. How much water should I drink in a day?	How much water should I drink to lose weight and have glowing skin?
What is the best book to master C++ (to be a professional C++ programmer)?	What is the best way to study for c++ programming?
What is that secret you've never told anyone yet?	What is the one secret you would never tell anyone about except on Quora?
When was the boston marathon?	When is the boston marathon this year?
What if India and China settle their disputes and join hands?	Why cant China and India be friends?
What do you think of the the movie Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them? How did it appeal to you?	What is the review of Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them movie?
Do the Great Lakes have tides?	Why are the great lakes not tidal?
How do I Bypass icloud on stolen iphone?	How can I bypass iCloud lock?
How can I increase the traffic to a website?	How can I get traffic for my website?
How can I talk less?	How can we talk less?
How can one speed up metabolism?	How can I boost my metabolism?
What are some of the best gadgets and gizmos for a car?	What are some of the best gadgets for your Car?
What navy officers do on ships in free time?	What navy officers do on free time?
What do people do at weekends?	What does people do on weekends?
What can be the most insane ways to commit suicide?	What is the most effective way to suicide?
Who is father of modern physics?	Who is father of physics?
What are the pros and cons of feminism?	What are pros and cons of feminism?
How do you know if your girlfriend has an affair?	How can I know if my spouse is cheating?
Can I live without money?	Is that possible to live without money Can you live without money?
Does a long distance relationship really work?	Do long distance relationships ever work out?
What was the craziest thing you have done?	What s the craziest thing you have done in your life?
What are the best ways to earn money from home?	What are ways of earning money online?
How can I lose 4kg weight?	What is the fastest possible way to lose weight?
What song best describes Donald Trump?	What song best sums up Donald Trump for you?
What is the easiest way to learn JavaScript?	What is the best way to learn JavaScript?
What are the advantages of an electron microscope? What are the disadvantages?	What are the advantages of using an electron microscope?
Why do runners wear high socks?	Why do some runners wear high socks?
What do parents and girls expect from the boy if he wants to marry?	What do the parents of a girl expect from a boy if he wants to marry her?
How can I improve my English speaking skills as well as writing skills?	How can I improve my English writing skills by myself?
How can I make a question in Quora?	How can I ask my question on Quora?
How do I gain weight in three weeks?	How do I gain weight in 2-3 weeks?
What is the fastest way to become a programmer?	What is the way to become programmer?
What's your best birthday gift?	What are the best birthday gifts?
How do I play .MOV files on a PC?	How do you watch MOV files on PC?
Can you pass a urine test for meth in 6 months?	Can meth be detected in a urine test if last used was Thursday night and the test was tuesday morning?
What is the typical beginner's salary in Germany for a mechanical engineer (Master) from one of the TU-9?	What is the typical beginner's salary in Germany for an electrical engineer (Master) from one of the TU-9?
What are the best career options for electrical engineer who is interested in construction field?	What are the career options after electrical and electronics engineering?
What is karela called in English?	What is the vegetable "karela" called in English?
Is Deadpool overrated?	Why is Deadpool so overrated?
Who is your favorite superhero and why?	Who is your favorite superhero from the comics?
How can I increase the traffic on my website without investing?	How can I increase the traffic on my website?
What are the best places to visit in Europe in 10 days?	Which is the best place to visit Europe for 10 days?
How do I forget someone whom I really love?	How do I forget someone whom I once loved deeply?
What are some reviews of Bear Whitetail II Compound Bow?	What are some reviews of the Bear Whitetail Hunter Compound Bow?
Why is Saltwater taffy candy imported in Switzerland?	Why is salt water taffy candy unknown in Japan?
How do I make money with Google AdSense?	How do I make more money on Google AdSense?
Are there any problems with the Samsung Galaxy S7?	What are the problems in samsung galaxy s7?
What are the best motivational Weight loss transformation stories? I am 100 and I want to shed 30 kg.these stories will help.	What are the best weight transformation stories?
What is difference between product design and industrial design?	What is the difference between product design and industrial design?
What is the mind?  	What is really the mind?
What are some good science documentaries?	What is a good documentary on science?
How do people on military aircraft surrender?	How do aircraft pilots surrender?
What are some best examples of Presence of mind?	What is the example of Presence of Mind?
What are the new torrent download sites?	What are the best torrent sites to download contents as kickass torrent has become offline?
Why MBA after BE?	Why do people do MBA after engineering?
How can I grow music channel on YouTube?	What is the best way to grow a channel on YouTube?
How much can I spend on rent in Manhattan if my yearly salary is $1 million?	How much can I spend on rent making $1 million a year in Manhattan?
How can I know for sure that I am an introvert?	How do I know if I am an introvert or an extrovert?
How do you stay young?	How can I stay young?
How can I enlarge my penis?	How can I have a big penis?
How often do you have sex in a week?	Do you have sex each week? How often?
What are some of the best new camping inventions?	What are the best new camping gadgets that most people don't know about?
How do I prepare for SAT reading and writing section?	How should I study for the reading and writing section of the SAT?
Can you eat bananas on an empty stomach?	Can we eat a banana on an empty stomach?
What is the best resources for learning SAP Hana?	What is the best source to learn SAP HANA?
How do I get nicotine out from a cigarette?	How much nicotine is in one cigarette?
Why is India sending terrorists into Balochistan?	Why is India sponsoring terrorists in Balochistan?
What is a new business to start with less investment?	What are some best business ideas with minimum investment?
How many types of hard disk?	What are the main types of hard drives?
Have any of you ever dreamed of yourself dreaming?	Have you ever dreamed that you were dreaming?
Do ferrets make good pets?	Are ferrets good pets?
Why is Manaphy now seen as whiny in Pokemon?	Why is Manaphy now seen as whiny Pokemon?
Is there any possibility to increase height after 21?	Can height increase after 25?
What do you think about decision by the Indian Government to demonetise 500 and 1000 rupees note?	What do you think of abolishing 500 and 1000 Rupee Currency notes by the Indian Government?
How do you unblock someone on Instagram if they blocked you?	How can I unblock user who blocked me on Instagram?
How do I find out if someone got arrested?	What is the best way to find out what someone was arrested for?
When do flights get delayed?	Why are flights delayed?
What makes Italian leather so special?	How is Italian leather manufactured that makes it so expensive?
Can we expect time travel to become a reality?	Is time travel possible then after how long time?
Is energy in vacuum real? How do we know that this energy that can be borrowed and returned immediately is real if virtual particles didn't exist then?	Do virtual particles and energy in vacuum really exist? How do we know if they exist if we can't observe them? Where are they?
How do I ask a girl out.	How should I ask this girl out?
How do I concentrate more on studies?	How do I concentrate better in my studies?
Where is deep learning research going towards?	What are the next hot research areas in Deep Learning?
Which is the best stock broker in India?	Which are the best stock broker in India?
What is your favorite book that you have read this year?	What's your favorite book of the year?
How can one love myself and be selfless?	How can I love myself unconditionally?
Which are best Android games?	What are the best addictive Android Games?
Why does 0! Equal 1?	How is 0! =1?
What will Google name the next Android version after Android Z?	What will the name of the future versions of Android be after the last Z word is used?
How do computers interpret machine code?	How do computers understand instructions in machine code?
What are some good Desserts recipes?	What are some good dessert recipes?
What are the main differences between analogue and digital?	What's the main difference between digital and analog?
How can I improve my confidence?	How do I develop healthy self-esteem and confidence?
What are things a mechanical engineer should know?	What are the things mechanical engineers should know?
Who is going to be the next president of USA?	Who will be the president of usa?
How can a chiropractic help with allergies?	How can chiropractic help allergies?
What should I do to become a top writer on Quora?	How do people with very few views become Top Writers on Quora?
If (dark/vacuum) energy is created with expansion can infinite of it be created? If yes would we be correct if we say that potential enrgy is infinite?	If energy could be created indefinetely would we be correct if we'd say that the potential energy (the energy that can appear) is infinite?
Can a boy and girl remain just as best friends?	Can a girl and a boy be best friends forever?
What is good way to spend a Sunday in Bangalore?	What are some good ways to spend weekends in Bengaluru?
How does a computer sort data?	How do computers sort data?
How do I crack AIIMS or NEET 2017?	How can I crack NEET 2017?
What are different types of artificial satellites?	What are the basic types of satellites?
Why do people ask questions on Quora instead of Googling it?	Why do people on Quora ask silly questions about the facts which can be googled very easily?
Have you ever seen a ghost while going in a car?	Have you ever seen any ghost?
Are there any websites that has similar functions as Quora?	Is there any other website similar to Quora?
How can illegal immigrants vote in presidential elections?	How do illegal immigrants illegally vote during presidential elections?
What is that one thing Indians are doing completely wrong?	What are the things that we as Indians are collectively doing wrong?
What are two different stages of cell division? What function do they serve?	What are two different stages of cell division?
What are some conspiracy theories you believe are true?	What is one conspiracy theory you believe in?
Which would be best laptop under 25k INR?	What kind of laptop is best under INR 25K?
What are some good diets to do?	What is a good diet after?
How would I start a social media app?	How do I create a social networking app?
How was the KVPY 2016 SA paper? What is the expected cutoff?	What is the Expected cutoff for KVPY SA stream 2016?
How can I stop getting irritated so easily?	What can I do to stop being irritated so easily?
Why would you want to be in a relationship?	Why did you want a relationship?
How can you own a finger monkey?	Is it illegal to own a finger monkey?
Why do you want to be a CA?	Why do you want to become CA?
Which brands' motherboard is the best now?	Which company is the best motherboard manufacture?
Why do people ask such questions here on Quora which could be easily found on the internet?	Why do so many people ask questions on Quora instead of searching the answers on Wikipedia?
How many calories can you burn while crying for an hour?	Are you able to burn calories by crying?
What IS the REASON WHY BIRDS are NOT ELECTROCUTED ON POWER LINES?	Why don't birds get electrocuted sitting on power lines?
What is the healthiest juice?	What is the healthiest juice for juicing?
Should people over 89 not be allowed to vote?	Should people over 100 not be allowed to vote?
How do I get someone to stop harassing me on quora?	What should I do if someone on Quora is harassing me? What should I do if they're harassing me off of Quora?
What are some mind-blowing facts about Indian Education System?	What are some surprising facts about Indian education system?
What are the creepiest paranormal experience you have had?	What is the spookiest experience you've ever had?
How do I know if a girl likes me back or not?	How should I know if this girl likes me or not?
What are some good photoshop apps for Android devices?	What is the best Photoshop app for an Android tablet?
What is the weirdest dream you ever had?	What is the weirdest dream you've had?
How will banning Rs. 500 and Rs. 1000 notes help in overcoming corruption in India?	How will the India demonetization of 500 and 1000 rupees notes will reduce black money?
How did Trump win America's vote?	How did Donald Trump win your vote?
Which is the best Christmas movie?	What are the best Christmas movie characters?
Can Orthofill fix my teeth gap?	How does Orthofill fix teeth gap?
What issues can occur if the water treatment process to feed a boiler is neglected?	If boiler feed water is not demineralised then what are the problem we faced?
Can the human eye really not see more than 60 fps?	Can the human eye see past 30 FPS?
Why was it illegal for Gawker to publish the Hogan sex tape?	Why did the court rule against Gawker? What was the legal justification in the ruling against Gawker for posting the Hulk Hogan sex tape?
What are some things you want to accomplish before you die?	What are the things you want to do before you die?
Would humanity be better off with only one language?	What would be the advantages if the whole world spoke one language?
What food would you want a robot chef to cook for you?	What food would you want a robot chef to cook just for you?
How do I recover my deleted email by my gmail account?	How do I recover deleted emails in my gmail account?
What are some of the best website to learn programming from being a total beginner?	Which are the best websites to learn computer programming and web programming?
What can a pre-med student do to prepare for medical school during their first year of college?	What are some effective tips for a freshman pre-med student to prepare for medical school in the United States?
What are the best ways to earn money from home?	What is the best way for making money online?
What are the best places to visit near Bangalore in one day?	What are the best one day trip spots near Bangalore?
How do I contact someone on Quora?	How can I message some one on Quora?
Why is India bothered about CPEC?	Why is India trying to sabotage CPEC?
Is PM Modi and Arvind Kejriwal are the two face of same coin?	Are both Narendra Modi and Arvind Kejriwal two sides of the same coin?
Is the Indian currency has GPS nano chip?	Do the new notes in India need the GPS chip?
Which sorting algorithms are more suitable for sorting linked lists and why? Which are less suitable and why?	Which searching technique is suitable for an ordered linked list and why?
How do you get a job with no experience?	What should I do to get a job without experience?
Who will win this presidential elections 2016?	Who will win the 2016 United States Presidential election: Trump or Clinton?
What is the one thing you regret doing in your life?	What's your biggest regret in life?
What kind of legit online job can I do to fetch me an extra income worldwide?	What kind of online business or job can I start that will bring in an extra income?
Can I block a topic on Quora?	Can I block certain categories on Quora?
Who are India's closest and most important allies?	Which country has been India's closest ally?
IIT Guwahati life?	How is life at IIT Guwahati?
What is your reaction when you propose a girl and she says "I only consider you as a friend"?	What if I like a girl but she says we are good friends?
Why do people ask question on Quora that can be easily and definitively answered by Googling?	Why do people on Quora ask silly questions about the facts which can be googled very easily?
What are the qualities of psychopath and sociopath? How to tell their differences?	What is the difference between a psychopath and high functioning sociopath?
What should I do to earn money online?	How can I earn money easily online?
What are some interesting facts about ants?	What are the unknown facts about ants?
Which is the best smartphone by look under Rs 15000?	Which is the best smartphone under 15K (August 2016)?
What are the best Web designing companys in Hyderabad?	What is the best web designing company in Hyderabad?
Why is Britney Spears still under conservatorship?	Why is Britney Spears under a conservatorship?
How do I know if someone deleted kik off their phone?	How do I know if someone has deleted Kik?
What is isotropic reinforced slabs?	What is isotropically reinforced slabs?
Is a college degree worth it?	Is college even worth it?
What’s it like working at Google?	What is it like to work at Google?
What is the best thing that almost happened to you?	How can someone be the best thing and the worst thing that has happened to you?
Can I use images from Image Google Search on my blog or website?	Would it be illegal to use any image on Google Images for a personal blog with AdSense on it?
Where can I verify my Instagram account?	How do I verify my Instagram account without a phone number?
What is the biggest Quora question on Quora as in the most views/responses?	What question on Quora has the most views?
Why do people ask question on Quora that can be easily and definitively answered by Googling?	Why do so many people ask questions on Quora that can be easily answered by any number of legitimate sources on the Web? Have they not heard of Google or Bing?
What are the employment prospects for an electrical engineer in Silicon Valley?	Is there any jobs in Silicon Valley for electrical engineers?
How do I get Quora to UNSUBSCRIBE ME from their emails? I have requested to be unsubscribed and gotten no results!	How do I unsubscribe from Quora removing my email from list?
What is the best chain restaurant?	What are the best chain restaurants?
How is black money gonna go off with no longer the use of same 500 and 1000 notes?	How banning 500 and 1000 rupee can affect black money?
How one can achieve inner peace?	What are some of the best ways to find inner peace?
What happens when an indestructible force hits an unmovable object?	What happens when an unstoppable object collides with an immovable object?
How do I become a expert in programming?	How do I become an expert in programming?
How do I get started learning IELTS?	How should I prepare for the IELTS?
How does one make a blog?	How do I start a new blog?
What can I do to improve my immune system?	What can a person do to strengthen their immune system?
Do the new notes in India need the GPS chip?	Is it true that the new 2000 rupees notes have a GPS chips?
What is the average profit margin for casual dining restaurant?	What is an average profit margin for a typical restaurant?
What should a person do when everything goes wrong in their life?	What should I do when I think everything goes wrong in my life?
Which is the best antivirus for Windows?	What is the best Antivirus for Windows?
What would a world without Islam look like?	What would the world be if Islam never existed?
How bad is Orange Chicken for you?	Why is orange chicken unhealthy?
How it feels to work at Tesla?	What is it like to work at Tesla?
Why did the Indian government develop a 1000 rupee note but developed 2000 rupee note?	Why do you think Indian government has demolished RS 500 and RS 1000 notes?
How much cost studying in Canada?	How much does it cost to study in Canada?
How do I reduce belly fat that I had since young?	How can I reduce belly fat and overall weight?
How hard is it to get into Cambridge?	How difficult is it to get into cambridge?
What is the concept of "white guilt"?	What exactly is "White guilt"?
How do I get rid of obsession?	What are good ways to get rid of obsession?
Why shouldn't dogs eat pork rib bones?	Can dogs eat pork bones rib? Why or why not?
How do I apply for pan card (lost)?	I lost my PAN card a year back but I remember my PAN number. How can I apply for new PAN card with the same number?
Has an amazing coincidence ever happened to you?	What are some amazing coincidences that have happened to you?
What are the best ways to improve my writing skills in English?	How can I improve my English writing skills in an effective way?
What American gun laws aren't being enforced?	What are the gun laws we already have that are improperly or insufficiently enforced?
Who will win the US presidential elections 2016: Hillary Clinton or Donald Trump?	Who will win the election? Donald Trump or Hillary Clinton?
Is there any chance of World War III?	How imminent is World War three?
What should I do if my 6 week old puppy has diarrhea?	What should you do if your new puppy has diarrhea?
Can you recommend a video game/geek subscription box service that ships to Europe?	What subscription box services would you recommend for people in Europe?
How the way to speak english fluently?	How can you speak and learn fluent English like Karan Johar?
What is the best way to learn UI/UX?	Where is the best place to learn UI IX designing?
I am very ugly. What can I do?	I am ugly. What should I do?
How do I remove fake nails?	What is the best way to take off fake nails?
How should I divert my mind from something or someone?	What are some ways to divert my mind from something or someone?
Is it possible to stop masturbating?	How can I stop masturbation?
How close are we to world war?	How close we are to see 3rd world war?
How can I learn English in short time?	How can I learn english quickly and well?
How can I get a Google AdWords certification?	How can I get Google Adword Certification? What are the formalities?
What are some of the greatest discoveries /inventions made by Indians?	What are some of the greatest discoveries/inventions made by Indian scientists?
How advertising industry works?	How does the advertising industry work and how can I get a job?
What is the best programming language I should start learning?	What is the best computer programming language to learn first?
What happens if the Moon crashes into the Earth?	What would happen if the Moon hit the Earth?
How can I get free iTunes gift cards?	What's the best way to legally get free iTunes gift cards?
How did you propose to your significant other or vice versa?	How will you propose to your significant other?
What's it's like to be lonely?	How does it feel to be lonely?
Android phone is best up to range of 15000?	Which smartphone is the best to buy for Rs. 15000?
Where can I get great range of flavours for cupcakes at Gold Coast?	Where can I found different flavours for cupcakes at Gold Coast?
Is Donald Trump going to become president?	Does Donald Trump have any chance of winning the forthcoming election?
Is Sociology a good optional subject for UPSC mains? Why?	Is sociology mark fetching subject for upsc?
Why do all of my questions get ignored on Quora?	How come my questions always get ignored on Quora?
How can I apply for study visa to Australia?	How can I apply for study visa for Australia?
Is there any Quora meetup 2016 in nagpur?	Is there a Quora Nagpur meetup anytime soon?
Whats your perception about the Lunar Embassy?	What are your views about Lunar embassy?
How do I improve my thinking?	How can I improve my thinking ability?
How do I prepare for Gate 2018?	How can I prepare for GATE -2018 from now?
Does civil engineering have demand & job opportunities in Canada?	How will the job opportunities for civil engineering in Canada be in the near future?
Is travel to Egypt safe?	Is it safe to travel in Egypt Nos?
How is the mold on bread formed? How can it be prevented?	How is bread mold formed? What can be done for the bread to last longer?
What is a list of interesting banned books?	What are the list of banned books?
When is it time to quit your job?	When is it time to quit my job?
What should I do to reduce weight?	How should I lose weight?
How can a photon exist if it is massless?	How can a photon have no mass when E=mc^2?
What is the best method to find roots of any typical cubic equation?	How do I find roots for a cubic equation?
What are the pros and cons of the new GST bill in India?	What is GST? What are the pros and cons of GST?
What are the best tablets under 100?	What's the best graphics tablet under $100?
If universe is expanding without a limit and dark and vacuum energy are created as it expands…?	If more vacuum gravitational and dark energy is created as universe expands can infinite of these be created as they appear without limit?
What are the best portals to switch jobs in India?	What are the best job portals for freshers in India?
How many elementary particles are there in the universe?	How many elementary particles are in the universe?
What do people think of new MacBook Pro with Touch Bar?	Should I get the new Macbook Pro?
Where can I find my bookmarked answers on Quora?	Where can I find my Bookmarked answers in Quora?
How do I file a complaint against Myntra?	How do I file complaint against Myntra?
Why did Yahoo answers fail and Quora succeed?	Why will Quora succeed in a space where Google and Yahoo answers has not?
Why don't we have colour dreams?	Why do I not have coloured dreams?
Why is it that a lot of Chinese people don't feel oppressed by their regime but some foreigners insist they are?	Why is it that alot of Chinese people don't feel oppressed by their regime?
How do you read someone's mind?	How do I read peoples mind?
What happens to a question on Quora if it is marked as needing further improvement?	My question was marked as needing improvement! What does it mean? How do you mark other questions for improvement?
How can I learn to draw the human anatomy effectively?	What are some tips for learning how to draw human anatomy?
Who are you inspired by?	Who inspired you the most?
Which is the best laptop to buy under 30k in India?	Which is the best laptop to buy under 30k?
What are some good books to develop my vocabulary?	What are the best books to learn vocabulary?
What is the best digital marketing course online for a beginner?	Which is the best digital marketing institute for professionals in India?
Why is Saltwater taffy candy imported in Mongolia?	Why is Saltwater taffy candy imported in South Korea?
Why is saltwater taffy candy imported in Brazil?	Why is saltwater Taffy candy imported in Canada?
What was the last book you read?	What is the last book you read?
How do nuns swim at beaches?	Do nuns go swimming?
Where should we start for machine learning as a beginner?	How does a total beginner start to learn machine learning?
How do I get featured on musically?	How do I get feautured on music.ly?
What does mAh mean?	What does mah mean on mobile battery?
What is one of the stupidest things you've ever heard someone say?	What's the dumbest thing you've ever heard anyone say?
Why do people ask question on Quora that can be easily and definitively answered by Googling?	Why do so many people ask things on Quora that they could just as easily Google?
What is diffrent between computer science and computer engenearing?	What is the differences between Computer Science Engineering and Computer Engineering?
How many questions may I ask on Quora?	What is the limit of asking questions in Quora?
Why is my period a week late?	What can cause a woman's period to be late?
Why haven't we found a graviton yet?	Why hasn't the graviton been detected yet?
What are hot topics in IT project management?	What are the hot topics in IT project management?
The best advice you want to give and to whom?	What will be the best advice you want to give and to whom?
Why can't I enjoy sex with my boyfriend?	Why don't I enjoy sex with my boyfriend?
Why do I want to die?	Why do I feel like I want to die?
What advice would you give a 17 year old girl?	What is the best advice you can give to a 17-year-old?
How do I get a list of all my Gmail accounts?	How do I find all my Gmail accounts?
Where can I get very nice and original flavor cupcakes in Gold Coast?	Where can I found different flavours for cupcakes at Gold Coast?
What is the best song that one must listen to?	What are some best songs to listen to?
What are the pros and cons of Hillary Clinton being the next President?	What would be the advantages and disadvantages of Hillary Clinton becoming president?
How can I make money fast and easy?	What's a good way to make easy money now?
How can I build an operating system?	What do I have to learn to create an operating system?
How do I enhance my English?	HOw do I speak Fluent English?
How will abolishing Rs. 500 and Rs. 1000 notes affect the real estate businesses in India?	What will be the impact on real estate by banning 500 and 1000 rupee notes from India?
Which is the best smartphone within 15k?	Which mobile phone is the best under 15k?
Who is the favorite politicians in Chhattisgarh?	Who is your favorite politicians in Chhattisgarh?
What are perfect numbers?	What is a perfect number and which number is the largest perfect number?
What is Quickbooks tech support number in Arizona?	Which is the best QuickBooks Hosting Support Number in New York?
Is soap harmful or not for our body and skin?	Is soap is good or harmful to our body?
How can a boy know if a girl likes him or not?	How do I know if a girl likes me at school?
How can I have a big penis?	How can I got a big penis?
How can I find all my old Gmail accounts?	How do I find all my Gmail accounts?
What is the biggest scam in india now?	What is the biggest scam in India?
How does it feel like to die?	What does it feel like to be dying?
What is the cause of headache?	What causes a headache?
What are any real life instances where karma played it's role?	Can anyone tell me some real life karma experiences?
Is the new iphone 7 worth buying?	Is it worth to buy an iPhone 7?
Have werewolves been scientifically tested?	Have gremlins been scientifically tested?
What is the best diet for building muscle?	What is best diet for muscles building?
How do I earn from qoura?	How can we earn from Quora?
What is your most unpopular opinion?	What is your most unpopular opinion that you wholeheartedly stand by?
Why is Saltwater Taffy candy imported in Poland?	Why are saltwater taffy imported in Japan?
Can a rich man ever truly love a poor woman?	Do rich people ever fall in love with poor people?
Why do some parents abuse their kids?	Why would a parent abuse their child?
What should I wear for clubbing attire?	What is a club attire?
What is the best travel hacks? Please comment?	What is the best travel hacks?
What are the events that must be considered while organising a state level technical fest in Engineering College related to electronics branch?	What technical events can I conduct in electrical and electronics branch?
Things kept to be in mind while opening a commercial website? What all things need to be kept in mind while doing startup?	Things need to keep in mind while opening a commercial site for startup?
How can I solve physics numericals easily?	How can I solve physics numericals easily ?
How do you know if you are in love with someone?	How do you know if you are in love or just limerice?
What is your opinion on PM Narendra Modi's decision to ban INR 500 and INR 1000 notes?	What is your reaction about the ban on Rs. 500 and Rs. 1000 notes? Won't it create a chaos and harm the economy?
What is the best new TV series of 2014?	What were the best TV series of 2014?
Can gravitational waves be used for communication across the universe just as radio waves are used for high-speed communication?	Can gravity waves be used to send messages across spacetime?
what will happen when india gets a permanent membership in the UNSC?	What happens if India gets permanent membership in UNSC?
How do I change my topics on Quora?	How do I change the topic on Quora?
Will Donald Trump complete his first term?	Will Trump survive his term?
What are the best places to live in the United States?	What is the best place to live in the US?
What is the saddest story of life?	What is your saddest story of life?
How effective was plate armor against simple weapons?	How effective was steel armor such as chain mail and plate when its use was more common?
Do the candidates know the debate questions in advance?	Do presidential candidates know the debate questions in advance?
Am I ever going to find my true love?	Will I ever find lasting love?
How are crop circles made?	Why did crop circles start appearing?
How long does it take to learn the piano?	How long does it take to lear how to play piano?
What should I do to boost my self-esteem and self-confidence?	How do I start building my self-confidence?
What are some of the best non-fiction books of all time?	What non-fiction books are in demand?
What are most intelligent people today?	Who are the most intelligent people?
What is the superstitious meaning behind your right eyelid twitching?	What superstitious beliefs surround an eye twitching?
What is the Best photo editing apps for Android?	What are some good photo editing apps for Android?
How does the Blackcore Edge Max works?	How does Blackcore Edge Max work?
What are the best earphones under 1k?	Which is the best earphone under 1000rs? Is soundmagic ES20 on top of that list?
Hacking a password?	How do I hack a password?
Which programming languages are used in develop API for website accessibility testing?	Which programming languages are used to develop API for website accessibility testing?
How can I get details about the new project by Indiabulls Real Estate Ltd. namely Indiabulls New Project Thane?	How can I get details about the new project by Indiabulls Real estate limited namely Indiabulls New Project Thane?
What does sex feel for a man?	What does sex feel like for men?
Which are the best books for basic aeronautical engineering?	What are the best basic books for aeronautical engineering?
Are there any free video lectures or materials that can teach me distributed system algorithms?	What are some good video lectures to learn distributed systems?
How does the Catholic Bible differ from other versions?	How can you identify a Catholic Bible and how is it different from a Protestant Bible?
What is the fee structure of BIT Sindri?	What is the current fee structure of BIT Sindri ( a 4-year B.Tech) including the admission fee?
What is the best question asked in your interview?	What is the most interesting question you've been asked in an interview?
How do I create my own business?	What do I need to create my own business?
Will Trump have to release his tax returns now?	Will Donald Trump ever release his taxes?
Could Hillary Clinton actually go to jail?	Why could Hillary Clinton go to jail?
What is the trick to maintaining long distance relationships?	How do we can remain satisfied in a long distance relationship?
Which is the best programming language for a beginner to learn?	What programming language I should learn first?
What are the best Italian cooking methods?	What are the best Italian cooking techniques?
Do you prefer printed books or e-books?	What do you prefer: paper books or e-books? Why?
Is there any way to watch Turkish TV Show with English subtitles?	Where can we watch TV shows with English subtitles?
Do you think that Virat Kohli would be a better captain than Dhoni in all three formats?	Do you think Virat Kohli will be a better captain than M.S.Dhoni?
What are the likely impacts of Internet2 in business?	What are the likely impacts of Internet2 on business?
What is the safest way to delete my Yahoo account?	What is the best way to disable your Yahoo account permanently?
What does "building character" mean? What are some examples?	What does "character building" mean? What are some examples?
What are the best upcoming movies of 2017?	What movies will you recommend for us to watch in 2017? And why?
Which is best place to stay and visit in Kerala?	What are the best places to visit in Kerala for 3 to 4 days?
Does Illuminati exist?	Are the Illuminati real or just drama?
Can I use an Uber promo code in another country?	I got 10$ Uber credits by using promo code although I set my country as India (local currency is INR). Can I use it here?
Which is a best book for partial differential equations?	Which book is good for really understanding partial differential equations?
What does MSG do? Why is it bad?	Why does MSG have a bad reputation?
What is the best framework php codeigniter or java spring mvc ?	What is the best framework php codeigniter or java spring mvc?
What is the QuickBooks technical support phone number in New York?	How can you resolve the problem of accounting software tool by quickbooks technical support number?
Why do I have lower back pain when I breathe? How can I treat this?	How can I cure lower back pain?
What skills should I acquire before joining a B-school?	What pre-requisites/new skills can I have before I enter my MBA?
Can a person be born evil?	Are some people inherently evil?
What is the best way to get a prescription for Percocet?	How can I get a prescription for Percocet?
How safe is it for a girl to travel solo in India?	How safe is it for a woman to travel alone in India?
How do I remove pimple?	What should I do to remove pimples from face?
Which region should I choose while filling cbse private forms for 12 if I stays I aligarh?	Which region should I choose while filling 12 cbse private forms if I stays in aligarh?
What are some of the best mobile phones gadgets?	What are some of the best smartphones technology gadgets?
Should you tip your Uber driver?	Should you tip your Uber or Lyft driver?
Do jio sims works in iPhone 5s?	How do I get Jio sim for iPhone 5s?
Are there any health benefits to drinking one's own urine?	What's your take on drinking one's own urine?
What should i do to gain weight quickly?	How could I gain weight quickly?
How do anyone learn something?	How can I learn new things?
How can one use Google Opinion rewards to get Pokémon GO coins?	How do I get free Pokemon go coins?
How do you feel about zoos?	Why animals should not be kept in zoos?
What's the difference between a suit and a tuxedo?	What is the difference between a tuxedo and a suit?
How can I get the neighbor's dog to shut up?	How can one get the neighbor's dog to shut up?
What is the best way to commit suicide in India?	What is the most painless way to commit suicide?
Why won't my iPod Touch hold a charge?	What should I do if my iPod Touch does not charge?
Why didn't the Ministry of Magic use veritaserum to question Harry Potter about the return of Voldemort?	Why didn't the Ministry of Magic use Veritaserum on Harry to know whether he told the truth about Voldemort's return?
How can I pass a saliva drug test for crystal meth?	How do you pass a swab drug test for crystal meth?
Can I wear a black lace dress to a wedding?	Is it acceptable to wear a black dress or suit to a wedding reception?
How can I study for CFA level 1? And what is the best material?	What is the best way for preparing CFA Level - 1 Exam?
What are some of the easiest and legal ways to earn a considerable amount of money while you are in college?	What are the easiest ways that a college student can earn money?
Where can I buy a fake driver's license online ?	Where can I buy a fake driver's license online?
How can I improve my story writing skills?	What are the best ways to improve writing skills?
Is a third world war coming?	Can World War 3 ever take place?
Is joining in running club helpful?	How can joining a running club help?
How to crack jee in 9 months?	How can I crack JEE IN 9 months?
What's your current mobile wallpaper and why?	What is your current mobile wallpaper?
Which book is best one for ibps po preparation?	What are the best books for IBPS PO?
What are the origins of the constellations?	What is the origin of constellations?
What made you convert to Islam?	What is your conversion story to Islam?
How does the HP OfficeJet 4620 Airprint compare to the HP Color LaserJet Enterprise M750dn?	How does the HP OfficeJet 4620 Airprint compare to the HP Color LaserJet Enterprise M553n?
What are your new year resolutions for 2017?	What is your New Year's resolutions for 2017?
How can I get started with Mathematica?	How do you get started using Mathematica?
How does a tube light work without a choke?	How can we start-up the 40w tube light with 230v AC/DC without using any choke/coil?
What companies use SAP?	What companies use SAP ERP?
What are best Hollywood movies?	What is your best hollywood movie?
What are all the best places to visit in goa?	What places should one visit in Goa?
How do I study for accounting?	How do you study for accountancy?
How do we know that nothing can travel faster than the speed of light?	Why I can't go faster than light?
What are some good over ear headphones under 2000?	What is the best in-ear headphones under $2K?
What's the best way to advertise my products online?	How do I advertise a product online?
How does it feel to be a pornstar? How do you face the society?	What's it like to be a pornstar?
How do I improve will power?	How should I improve my will power?
What is observation?	What is an observation?
Did Steve Jobs actually invent or was he just a great marketing genius?	Was Steve Jobs really a great inventor or just a good marketing strategist?
Is the climate an hoax?	Is global warming a hoax?
How does one overcome fear of failing?	How can one overcome the fear of failure?
Is Hillary Clinton qualified to be President?	What qualifies Hillary Clinton to be the president?
What should I do before I sell my laptop?	What should I do before selling my laptop?
How do I choose a good laptop battery?	How do I to get good laptop battery?
What are the best interview questions ever asked?	What are some of the best interview question ever asked?
Can people with Autism Spectrun Disorders genuinely smile?	Can people with Autism Spectrum Disorders genuinely smile?
Do people flirt on Quora too?	Do people flirt with other people on Quora?
What are good movies on Netflix?	What are some good Netflix movies?
How do you get an Amazon gift card for Kindle?	How do I get free Amazon gift cards?
How can I improve my English writing skills by myself?	How can I improve my English writing skills?
What is digital marketing?What are the basics of Digital Marketing?What is digital marketing strategy?Who needs digital marketing services?	What is digital marketing and how to set career in digital marketing?
We are a romanian - chinese couple thinking of moving to Europe. Where in the EU would it be easiest for both of us to find employment ?	As a romanian chinese couple where should we emigrate in the EU so that we can both find employment easily?
Can I track a person and his mobile online?	How do I track someone from his mobile number?
How do I prepare for gate in mechanical?	How do I prepare for GATE in mechanical engineering?
How would demonetisation control black money?	Will demonetisation really curb black money?
Can a decline of culture be reversible?	Can a decline of a culture be reversible?
How do I extract honey from honeycomb?	How do I harvest honey from a honeycomb?
What is the best alternative to SIRI in Android?	What is the best alternative to Siri on Android?
Which is the best site for downloading english songs?	What are some good sites for downloading English songs?
How should I control outbursts of emotions?	How one can control impulsive emotions?
What happens if I accidentally follow someone I've blocked?	What happens when I accidentally follow someone I've blocked?
Is a classic Porsche 911 a good daily driving car?	Is a Classic Porsche 911 (64-89) a good daily driving car?
What are good strategies for getting rid of a bad habit?	How can I get rid of my bad habits?
What are some of the places in India that every Indian should visit at least once in their life?	What are the places everyone should visit in India once in their life?
Why are some guys mean to the girls they like?	Why do boys/guys act mean or annoy the girls they like or have a crush on?
How can I increase the traffic to my website?	How can I increase the traffic on my website without investing?
Why wave intensity is proportional to the square of amplitude?	What is the proof that intensity is directly proportional to the square of amplitude?
How do I develop a mind palace?	How do I create a mind palace?
How do I deal with a toxic mother?	How do I deal with my toxic mother?
What is the best place to visit in Kerala in June?	Which place in Kerala is most beautiful?
How do I get rid of pimples permanently?	How can I get rid from my acnes?
Should I try to get my ex girlfriend back?	Should I try to get back with my ex girlfriend?
Why do babies cry when they are born? Do all mammals cry when they are born?	Why do babies cry when they're born?
Does Fermat's last theorem have practical applications yet?	Is there any practical use or application of Fermat's last theorem?
Where is best Videocon service center in Hyderabad?	Where can we find the best Videocon Repair Center in Hyderabad?
Why do people believe in flat earth?	Why are so many people obsessed with the flat Earth theory?
Does oral sex count as sex?	Is oral sex considered sex?
Why do some people cut off from their parents?	Why do some people cut off all ties to their parents?
What song fits the theme of your life?	What is the theme song to your life?
If I shot myself in the head with a Desert eagle 50AE what would happends?	It's it feasible to survive a shot in the head or the heart with a Desert Eagle 50AE at close range when 300 grain hollow points are used?
Difference between TIG and MIG welding?	What is the difference between TIG & MIG welding?
What are some mind-blowing technologies things that exist that most people don't know about?	What are some mind-blowing Bike gadgets that exist that most people don't know about?
Is it safe to buy a laptop online (specially from Snapdeal or Amazon)?	Is it safe to buy laptop online?
How can I make money with my camera drone in my neighborhood/community as a 16 year old?	How can I make money with a drone at age 14?
What qualities does an investor look for in a startup or the CEO before agreeing to potentially invest?	What qualities do investors look for in a startup CEO?
Why do people hate furries?	Why do people hate furries so much?
How do you deal with a biased teacher?	How can I deal with biased teachers?
Which is the best resort for honeymoon in kerala?	Which is the Best Honeymoon Resort in Kerala?
Which is the best book with which I can prepare for GRE exams..?	Which are the best books or learning resources to prepare for the GRE?
How can I motivate myself for study?	How can I motivate myself to get into study?
What should an Indian know about Indian Railways and its facts?	What is the amazing facts about Indian railways?
What is the meaning of life? Whats our purpose on Earth?	What is the GRAND purpose of life?
How do I find right person for me?	How do you find the right person?
What is the best joke you have heard?	What is the funniest joke you ever heard?
Is the 2016 MacBook Pro with Touch Bar a worthy buy?	Is MacBook Pro 2016 worth it?
What could be done by Indian government to get all Black Money back to India?	How should the Modi led Indian Government get the black money deposited overseas (Swiss banks) back to India?
How can a highly disciplined child handle a bully?	How do I teach my child to handle bullying?
Who is the most successful man of all time?	Who is the most successful man?
Why is my YouTube video not showing? How can I fix it?	Why is my computer unable to play YouTube videos? How can I fix it?
What are the uses of a pedestal drill?	What is a pillar drill? How is it used?
How are visible light waves produced?	How is light created?
What is the correct procedure to replace a battery in a Fossil watch?	How do you replace a battery in a Fossil watch?
What is the difference between HTML and php?	What is the difference between PHP and HTML?
Is it possible to run out of new music?	Will we ever run out of new music?
How can I deal with hypocrites?	What's the best way to deal with hypocrites?
What are some good job interview questions?	What are great interview questions?
Why do all people make me sick?	Why do people make me sick?
What should be the best android tablet to buy under ₹15000?	Which tablet is good under INR 15000?
What should I do to make money online in India?	How do you make money online?
Who is going to win the presidential election?	Who is most likely to win the U.S. presidential election and why?
What should I wear to wear to run in winter in Ohio?	What do you wear when running outside during winter in NYC?
Where does consciousness come from?	Where does my consciousness come from? And why can't I guide another body? Who am I?
What is open end winding induction motor?	What is the open-end winding induction motor?
How do I get into my Instagram if I forgot my email and my Facebook password?	How can I deactivate a Facebook account if I forgot the email address and the password?
How does the Quora algorithm work?	How do Quora's algorithms work?
How do I significantly improve my grades?	I currently have C's and B's. What can I change to improve my grades?
How can one get rid of anger?	How can I get rid of my anger?
How do you know if you are in love or just limerice?	How do know that you are in love?
What does a business development associate do in the social sector?	What is the role of business development associate in the social sector?
What is the proudest moment?	What is the proudest moment of your life so far?
How many marks are you getting in KVPY 2016 SA stream? (According to the answer key)	What is your score in KVPY SA 2016 (aptitude test)? What is the expected cutoff?
What happens to you if you try to walk around Mars without a spacesuit?	What would happen if astronauts tried to walk on Mars without a space suit?
I find Iranian women the most beautiful in the world. I am an atheist European - what chance is there of me marrying one?	I find Iranian women the most beautiful in the world. I am an atheist American - what chance is there of me marrying one?
What should I do if I forgot my iCloud password?	What should you do if you can't remember your iCloud password?
Which is the best book for IIT?	Which book will be best for iit?
What does 4 days late on my period mean?	Why is my period four days late?
How can I last for a longer time during sex?	How do I last longer during sexual activity?
What is more important in Quora - Asking the right question Or Giving the Answer right?	What is more important on Quora to ask a question or to answer one?
Why can some people not say sorry?	Why do people not say sorry?
How can I improve my English Language?	How can I improve my English in a very short time?
What is the best free web hosting provider?	What's the best free web hosting site to host apps?
How do I deal with stress at home?	How should you deal with the stressful environment at home?
What are some animals that live in the desert?	What are the animals that live in the desert?
Why is the Quora page so slow to load?	Why is Quora so slow to refresh?
Where can I found expert electricians in Sydney?	Where can I hire an expert electrician in Sydney?
What's white privilege?	Does white privilege exist?
Is there extra terrestrial life?	Is there proof of extra terrestrial life?
Where do hackers learn to hack?	How do hackers learn how to hack?
What do you think of the Government's move of banning old Rs. 500 & Rs. 1000 notes?	Is this move of banning 500 & 1000 Rupee notes right?
How do I transfer contacts from a BlackBerry to an Android phone?	What is the easiest way to transfer contacts from a Blackberry to Android device?
What would happen if trump became the president?	Donald trump: what could happen if Donald Trump becomes president?
What is the most important in life?	What is the most mportant in life?
How would a Trump presidency affect schools accessibility for international students?	How will Donald J Trump's presidency affect the opportunities offered to non US students?
Where can I found high quality very durable fire rated shutters in Sydney?	Where can I found long-lasting fire shutters in Sydney?
When is Eminem going to launch his new album?	When do you expect Eminem to release his new album?
What was the weirdest date you ever experienced?	What was the weirdest dating experience you have ever had?
Why did you accept Islam?	What is your conversion story to Islam?
What is the best way to enlarge my penis?	How do I enlarge the length and width of my penis?
Which are the best books for Python?	Which is the best book for python?
How do I develop myself as a programmer?	How could I develop myself as programmer?
What is the QuickBooks technical support phone number in New York?	Which is the best QuickBooks data recovery support number in New York?
Can India kill Dawood the same way the USA killed Osama bin Laden?	Why can't India secretly invade Pakistan and kill Dawood like US killed Osama?
What are the two lower chambers of the heart and their functions?	What is the functions of the lower chambers of the heart?
What is the age distribution of Quora users?	What are the average and median ages of the most active Quora users?
It’s Spring 2016. Will Hillary Clinton be indicted?	When will hillary be indicted?
What is the most important thing in your life right now?	What are some good things in your life right now?
How do I contact a good professional hacker?	How do I get to contact a hacker?
I forgot my Facebook and email password. How can I log into Facebook?	How am I supposed to get back into my Facebook if I forgot my email & password? I just want it deleted?
How can I earn money online without investing? Are there some authentic jobs online?	How do I make money online without investment?
Int I=0;printf ("%d %d", I,i++)? What is output of this statement?	int i=0;printf ("%d %d", i,i++) what is the output of this statement?
How should I start IAS preparation after graduation?	How should I start the preparation of IAS exam from my graduation level?
Best way to learn C language?	How do we start preparing c language?
Which is best laptop under 25000 with all features like VGA and hdmi port?	What will be best laptop Under 25000 INR ?
Is this move of banning 500 & 1000 Rupee notes right?	What are your views on banning 500 and 1000 rupee notes? How does it affect black money and is it really gonna work and expose all the black money?
What can I do to make my girlfriend feel special on her birthday?	I want the birthday of my girlfriend to be really special and make it her best birthday. What are some good birthday celebration and gifting ideas?
Why the universities in India are not at the top of the university rankings?	Do even the top universities in India deserve their low global ranking?
What are the best online short courses in digital marketing?	What is the best digital marketing course available online and offline in India and Why?
Which answer got the most upvotes on Quora?	What are some of the most upvoted answers you came across on Quora?
What can adults learn from children?	What have you learned from your children?
Is it possible to love more than one person at the same time?	Is it possible for people to love 2 person at the same time?
How long will Jay Leno remain on The Tonight Show?	How long is Jay Leno's current Tonight Show contract?
What are some of the best British movies?	What is the singular best British movie?
Why has Dhoni left the captaincy from ODI and T20?	Why does M.S Dhoni left captaincy for ODI and T20?
Can you get pregnant 2 days before your period has ended?	How do I get pregnant just after my periods?
How would CA convert black money to white money?	How does white money turn into black money? And how do people turn black money into white?
Should people over 88 not be allowed to vote?	Should people over 97 not be allowed to vote?
Why does Quora allow people to turn off comments?	Should Quora not allow disabling comments?
What is the best way to buy a used car?	How do I buy a used car?
What is so great about Leonardo da Vinci?	What are some interesting stories about Leonardo da Vinci?
Can someone with low tolerance get a buzz off of touching weed and then putting their hands in their mouth?	Can a person with extremely low tolerance to weed get high of off tiny traces of THC?
What is the correct answer to 9 + 10?	What's 9 + 10?
How does a long distance relationship work?	How do we can remain satisfied in a long distance relationship?
What can I achieve if I continuously run 3km daily and perform no other exercise for the next 2 months?	What can I achieve if I continuously run 3 km daily and perform no other exercise apart from running for the next 2 months?
How can I improve my communication skills in english?	How could I improve my English?
What does it really mean to be selfish?	What does it mean to be selfish?
When will time travelling (or at least time shifted vision) finally be possible?	Could time travel be possible?
How do you stop a German Shepherd/Golden Retriever mix puppy from chewing your shoes?	How do I stop a Pointer/Boxer mix puppy from chewing my shoes?
What are the best ways to get rid of an addiction?	What should I do to get rid of addictions?
Why is Saltwater Taffy candy imported in Greece?	Why is Saltwater taffy candy imported in Switzerland?
Why MS Dhoni leave captaincy of ODI & T-20?	Why did M.S.Dhoni left captaincy from ODI & T20?
Which is the best sitcom of all time?	What are the best sitcoms of all time?
What is the silliest question you have ever read on Quora?	What is the silliest question ever asked?
What open source project did you start contributing with?	What is the best thing to do to start being involved in open source projects?
How are Roman numerals used today? Are they still important?	What roman numerals are used today?
What is the solution to control anger?	What should I do to control my anger?
What are some mind-blowing tech tools that most people don't know about?	What are some mind blowing technology gadgets that most people don't know?
How do we increase our website ranking?	How do I increase website rank in local searches?
What are the best additional courses for mechanical engineers for getting job?	What are the best courses for mechanical engineer for high salary?
What are the easy ways to earn money online?	What are some of the best ways of earning money by working at home?
Why do people dislike Hillary Clinton? What has she done wrong?	Why do so many people dislike Hillary Clinton?
Can you think of a word that means inventing new and potentially useful metrics?	Can you think of a word that means inventing new metrics?
Can I make a website for free?	How can we make website for free?
Why is Apple considering buying carmaker McLaren?	Why is Apple interested in acquiring McLaren?
What will be the best content to write in blog?	What is the best content for blog?
How do I stop my Pomeranian/Shih Tzu mix from humping my furniture?	How do I stop my Labrador/Pug mix from humping my pillows?
How do I improve my communication skills.?	How do I improve my communication skills in one month?
What does "you kiss by the book" mean in "Romeo and Juliet"?	What does "you kiss by the book" mean in "Romeo and Juliet" by William Shakespeare?
What would happen if the moon was teleported to the surface of the earth in the middle of the ocean?	What would happen if the moon suddenly crashed into the earth?
What is the best joke ever heard?	What are some of funniest jokes that you have ever heard?
What are the best ways to get a meeting with private equity firms?	Could you start a private equity firm in your garage?
What common mistakes do people make when choosing a life partner?	What's the most common mistake people make when choosing their spouse?
What's your favorite catchphrase?	What is your favorite catchphrase?
How do delete Quora quesitons?	Is it possible to permanently delete a Quora question?
What does a 2 months pregnant belly feel like?	What does your belly look like when you're two months pregnant?
What is it like to work at an animal testing facility?	What's it like working in an animal testing facility?
What would Elon Musk think about Donald Trump being elected as President?	What does Elon Musk think of Donald Trump?
How much time does Jake Williams spend on Quora on an average day?	How much time does Jake Williams spend on Quora a day?
How does YouTube Offline work?	How does the YouTube offline viewing work?
Why is Sensory overload painful to Autism?	Why is Sensory Overload painful?
Is sex important in love?	How important is sex in a relationship?
Did you know that even Werewolves have Sensory Overload?	Did you know that Werewolves have Sensory Overload?
What are some mind-blowing facts about Boeing?	What are some of the mind-blowing facts about Boeing and William Boeing?
How do you stop a Cocker Spaniel/Beagle mix from biting your furniture?	How do I stop my dog from eating my furniture?
PTE Vs IELTS - Which is easier in terms of preparation?	Is the PTE or IELTS easy?
How's life for ladies named Sonam Gupta these days?	How it is like to be with a name of sonam Gupta nowdays?
Why do people ask questions on Quora instead of Googling it?	Why do people ask questions on Quora that are easily answerable via a quick internet search?
What is the true power behind "I am"?	What is the true power of "I am"?
Which are the best classified websites?	What are the top classified site?
What are the social problems of India?	What are the social problems in India?
What are the best ways to earn money from home?	What is best way to make money online?
Will Scotland and Northern Ireland leave the UK now?	How will be future (possible) referendums in Scotland and Northern Ireland on UK membership after Brexit?
How is the computer memory measured?	How is computer memory measured?
What is the best way to get rid of bad habits?	How could I get rid of my bad habits like porn thoughts?
How can I get traffic on website?	How do I build traffic to my website?
How was the KVPY 2016 SA paper? What is the expected cutoff?	What will be the cut-off for KVPY SA stream in 2016?
Why do we multiply vectors?	Why should we multiply vectors?
How can a teenager gain some weight?	How do I gain weight as a teenager?
What other uses are there for the bitcoin blockchain?	What are the most interesting uses of blockchains other than cryptocurrencies?
Which phone is best to buy under 15k?	Which mobile I should buy under 15k?
How is network marketing working?	What is meant by network marketing?
What are some of the basic building blocks of proteins?	What are the molecular building blocks of proteins? What are their functions?
How will Indian GDP be affected from banning 500 and 1000 rupees notes?	What are your views on India banning 500 and 1000 notes? In what way it will affect Indian economy?
What is the minimum amount required to buy shares?	What is the minimum amount for buying shares?
What is the best project for investment in Mumbai?	Who is the best Project in Mumbai For investment?
Does Congress party digging their grave slowly as they are opposing everything done by PM Modi like saying Jay Shriram or surgical strikes?	Does Congress party digging their grave slowly as they are opposing everything done by PM Modi like saying Jay Shriram or doing surgical strikes?
What is the global environment?	What is a global environment?
What if the oceans had fresh water from the beginning?	What would have happened if the oceans were of fresh water?
Why did Jem and Scout call Atticus by his first name in To Kill A Mockingbird?	In "To Kill a Mockingbird," why do the children call their father Atticus and not dad?
What are the best books for psychology?	What are best books on psychology?
Why do so may people ask questions on Quora that can easily be found by a simple Google searh?	Why do so many people ask google-able questions on Quora?
How engine of aeroplane works?	How does an engine of an aeroplane work?
Why is Saltwater taffy candy imported in The Bahamas?	Why is Saltwater taffy candy imported in Germany?
How do underwater tunnels get built?	How are underwater tunnels constructed?
Where can I get very reliable furniture removal services in Central Coast?	Where can I get most reliable moving services in Central Coast?
When will Apple release the new MacBook Pro in 2016?	Are there any rumours about when a new MacBook Pro 15" could be released?
Why are games so much more expensive on console systems than they are on PC platforms such as Steam?	Why are console games more expensive than PC versions?
What were the main and most important political causes of World War 1?	What were the causes of World War I?
How can I get a job in HR without an MBA?	How do I become an HR for a company without an MBA?
What African country is the most successful today?	What are the most prosperous African nations?
How can I lose weight effectively?	How do I lose weight without stopping?
What are the safety precautions on handling shotguns proposed by the NRA in Illinois?	What are the safety precautions on handling shotguns proposed by the NRA in Utah?
How does one start a small business?	How can I start a successful small business?
Which are the best GMAT coaching institutes in Delhi/NCR?	What is the best coaching institute for GMAT in Delhi NCR region?
What are some good jobs for civil engineer?	Which are the best jobs in civil engineering?
Can I make money online?	What are the best ways to make money online?
What are the requisites to join the Canadian army?	How can you join the Canadian army?
What is the best way to ward off stress?	What are the best ways to ward off stress?
What are the career option after completing of B.tech?	Which is the best career option after B.Tech?
How could Donald Trump get Mexico to pay for a border wall?	How is Trump planning to get Mexico to pay for his supposed wall?
Have there ever been any black members of the KKK?	Is it true that black people were members of the KKK?
What is the language in your dreams?	What is the language of dreams?
Daniel Ek: When an we expect Spotify in India?	Is Spotify available in India?
How much money of banned notes has been deposited post demonetisation in banks of India by 28 Dec 2016?	How much money has been deposited across India so far after demonetisation?
What is the meaning or purpose of life?	What's are the meaning of life?
Which are the best countries to live in?	What is the best country to live in?
How do I insert an image in an answer or question details on Quora?	What is the step by step procedure to upload an image in your answer on Quora?
How do I know if I have been blocked on messenger?	How do I know if I'm blocked on Facebook messenger?
What are some significant Wikileaks revelations that we would not have otherwise learned of?	What are the top significant revelations in WikiLeaks that I should look into?
Have you ever encountered any supernatural phenomenon in your life?	Have you ever witnessed any supernatural phenomena for real?
Do you know why an hour is 60 minutes and not 100?	Why is time calculated in 60 minutes per hour and 60 seconds per minute? Why can't it be 100 minutes per hour?
What is the best short-term health insurance to get if you are planning to travel internationally?	What is the best international health insurance for an expat with US citizenship but few ties to the country?
If a war between India and China happens will India be able to win?	Who would win in a war between India and China? Why?
What is the best and safest way to clean a Samsung flat screen TV?	What is the best way to clean a Samsung LED TV screen?
What is the most socially conservative country in the world?	Which countries are socially most conservative?
How does a person learn how to hack?	How can we learn hacking efficiently?
How can I know that someone on Quora is online or not?	Can you tell when someone is online on Quora?
What are some ways to improve English?	What should I do to improve my spoken English?
What is the best Royal Enfield bike?	Which is the best bike in royal Enfield?
Why does snooker look so easy?	Why does snooker look so easy on TV?
Who are the people with the most followers on Quora?	Who is the most popular writer on Quora?
How can I freeze a bag of flour?	How can I freez flour?
How can I find out if my wife is cheating on me?	How may I know whether my wife is cheating on me?
How can I make a post on Quora?	How do I post in Quora?
Technology: What are the best camping gadgets?	What are some of the best camping tools and gadgets?
How do I know if there is suspicious activity on my Instagram account? Will I get notified?	If theirs suspicious activity on my account will Instagram tell me?
Why South Indians hate North indians and vice versa?	Why do south Indians hate north Indians?
What are some of the most beautiful houses in the world?	Which are some of the most beautiful houses around the world?
What is the best method of learning to speak a language?	Which are the best methods to learn a language?
What shall I do to improve my IQ?	How can you increase your IQ?
What are the best coaching institutes in Bangalore for IAS / UPSC exam preparation ?	Which is the best coaching institute for IAS in Bangalore?
How do we deal with hypocrites?	How can I deal with hypocrites?
What are the strangest and most unusual dreams you have ever experienced?	What are the weirdest/creepiest dreams you have ever had?
When will Quora add 'night reading mode'?	When will Quora add the night mode feature in the App?
How can India become a great sporting nation winning medals in the Olympics?	How India can win more medals at 2020 Olympics?
How can you lose 10 pounds in 40 days?	What are some great diet plans to lose 10 pounds in 40 days?
Why do so many people ask questions on Quora.com when they could easily find the answers themselves online?	Why do so many people ask google-able questions on Quora?
What are some tips for applying to college after dropping out?	How can I re-apply to college after dropping out?
Why did China again object to India's bid at UN to ban JeM chief Masood Azhar?	Why is china favouring Pakistan in blocking India's bid at the UN for a ban on Pakistani terror group Jaish-e -Mohammad chief Masood Azhar?
Which will be the best budget laptop under 30k?	I want a new laptop with maximum configuration under 30000?
Is Chicago turning into another Detroit?	Is Chicago in danger of becoming the next Detroit?
Is Trump really all that bad?	Why is Trump bad?
Do you think the world will end?	How does world end?
Which is the best way to improve memory?	What should I do to improve my memory?
What's the most important lesson about life?	What is the most important life lesson you've learned so far?
How can I make classroom lectures more interesting for students?	As a teacher how can I make my class more interesting for students?
Why do evil things happen to good people?	Why does good things happen to bad people and why bad things happen to good people?
What is life meant to be?	What is "life" meant for?
What are the coolest and amazing inventions of the 21st century?	What are the coolest inventions of the 21st century that people don't know about?
Which is the best phone to buy under 15000?	Which is best smartphone below 15000?
What are chances of another war between India and Pakistan?	What will be the effect of possible war between India and Pakistan on Indian Stock market?
Will Microsoft ever make Windows open source?	Will Microsoft open source Windows?
How can I make PowerPoint presentations more interesting?	How do I make PowerPoint presentations more amazing?
What are the main goals of life?	What is the main goal of life?
What are the best educational apps?	What are the best apps for education?
Would you kill your new born sibling for 10 million dollars?	Would you kill a person for 10 million dollars?
What are some of unbelievable conspiracy stories?	What are some of the unbelievable conspiracy stories?
How do I make my life simple?	How can I make life simple?
What are the most interesting facts about Earth?	What are some interesting things about Earth?
How effective is wooden flooring in Delhi?	How effective are wooden flooring in delhi?
I'm overweight. How can I begin to lose weight?	What is a good diet to lose weight?
Why do you think Donald Trump will win the presidential election?	Do you think Donald J. Trump has a chance to win the election?
What is the best and most advisable age for a man to get married?	What is the best time or age for a man to get married?
What was the best day of your life?	What is the Best Day of your life till date?
What is the scope of ECE in India?	Does ECE have a scope in India?
Why is my Yahoo! sign in failing?	Why does Yahoo! fail?
Which Laptop to buy under or upto Rs.25000?	What will be best laptop Under 25000 INR ?
Would the US really support Taiwan if China invaded?	Will the U.S. back Taiwan if China invades?
How is first time sex experience?	How does first time sex feel like?
What are the best coworking space in Bangalore Indiranagar?	Where is the best shared office space in Bangalore Indiranagar?
How can you stop your Rottweiler/Boxer mix from biting all your stuff?	How do I stop my dogs from biting my stuff?
What is the best business to start with a capital of 5 lakhs?	I have 5 lakhs Rs. What business can I do?
How can be I happy?	What is the easiest way to be happy?
What is a good itinerary for 4 days in Goa with three couples?	How should a 4 days 3 nights trip to Goa look like?
What are some of the reason people choose to adopt a child?	What are reasons to adopt a child?
Should I become a doctor or lawyer?	Should I become a doctor or a lawyer?
Why do some people currently believe the earth is flat?	Why do people still believe in flat earth?
How does long distance relationship work?	What is the secret of keeping a successful long distance relationship?
What is the difference between a tuxedo and a suit?	What is the difference between a tuxedo and a normal suit?
Why do dogs pee on tyres?	Why do dogs pee mostly on tires?
What are some valuable life lessons you have learnt from your teenage years?	What are the life lessons you have learned in your teenage years?
How do I delete an email account from Gmail?	How can you delete your Gmail email account?
What shall I do to improve my IQ?	How can one increase and improve his IQ?
Why do some of the most prosperous regions of India have an adverse sex ratio for women?	Why do some of the most prosperous regions in India have an adverse sex ratio for women?
Which is the best laptop I can buy in india for Rs.25000-30000?	What is the best laptop under 30k for students?
How powerful would the combined military power of India and Pakistan be?	How powerful would a combined India and Pakistan be?
What will be your New Year's resolution for 2017?	What are some of the best New Years resolutions for 2017?
How could bringing in new 500 and 2000 rupee notes by the Indian govt eradicate black money?	How will the India demonetization of 500 and 1000 rupees notes will reduce black money?
How do I build muscle and strength naturally?	How do I build My muscle strength naturally?
How are crossword puzzles made?	How are crossword puzzles created?
What is the name of the mountain in the Paramount Pictures logo?	What is the mountain in the Paramount Logo?
Is it possible that one day a time machine would be created?	Can the idea of time machine be ever achieved in real?
How do I tell if I'm transgender?	How can I tell if I'm transgender?
How do I get in touch with a good certified hacker?	How do I get in touch with an ethical hacker?
Do documentaries have scripts?	Do documentary films have scripts?
Does masturbation affect muscle gain?	Does masturbation affect muscle growth when working out?
What are the career opportunities in companies after an M.Tech in aerospace engineering with a B.Tech in mechanical engineering?	What fields can I enter after completing a B.Tech in mechanical engineering?
Which countries have nuclear weapons and where do they have them?	How many countries have nuclear weapons?
What is the largest possible number?	What is the biggest number?
How do people earn by uploading videos on YouTube?	Does the people earn money by uploading videos in YouTube?
What is the difference between the syllabus of CAT and GMAT?	What is the major difference in the syllabus of CAT and GMAT?
Why did America vote for Donald Trump as President in the 2016 Elections?	How and Why did Donald Trump win the election?
How can I earn money using YouTube?	How do I make money with YouTube?
What is happening in the brain when we think?	What is happening in your brain when you think?
How could I increase my height?	What are the ways to gain height?
How can you hack into somebody's bank account?	How can I hack a bank account?
What is the best iTunes alternative to transfer my iPhone music to my computer without barriers?	What is the best alternative to iTunes to transfer data between iPhone and PC without the need of iTunes?
What are the names of the notes that come in during the count in?	What are the names of the notes that come in during the count in in music?
Will 2nd or 3rd counselling list of AIIMS MBBS will have name of any candidate having rank above 1348 general category?	Where can I find the list of eligible candidates for 3rd counselling for AIIMS MBBS? Can students having rank above 1348 attend the counselling?
What is Baluchistan problems?	What is the Baluchistan conflict all about?
What are the good things that can happen only in India?	What are somethings that happen only in India?
Do foxes make good pets?	Does a fox make a good pet?
My hair is too thin. How can I make it thicker?	What can I do to make my hair look healthy and thicker?
How can you stop caring about someone who doesn't care about you?	What is the best way to stop caring about people who do not care about you?
Why is it hard to adopt a child?	Why is it so hard to adopt a child?
What could be the reason behind Arnab Goswami quitting Times Now?	Why did Arnab Goswami resign from Times Now?
What are some reasons for a person's resting heart rate to be at 116bpm?	How serious is it for a person's resting heart rate to be at 116bpm?
What could be the best possible diet plan for gaining healthy weight?	Which food is the best to gain weight?
What is your reaction to Bob Dylan winning the 2016 Nobel prize for Literature?	What do you think about Bob Dylan winning the Nobel Literature Prize as a singer and a songwriter?
How accurate is the Myers-Briggs personality test?	How accurate is the Myers Briggs personality test?
What are some good and bad points about India?	What are 5 good and 5 bad points about India?
Is masturbation good  or bad for health?	Is daily or regular masturbation good for health?
How do you fix a 169 IP address so you can get online?	How do I fix a 169 ip address?
Does Tp-link wn725n support monitor mode Linux?	Does TP-Link WN725N supports monitor mode in Kali Linux?
Why can't Barack Obama run for reelection as President in 2016?	Why is Barack Obama not eligible to run in the 2016 Presidential election?
What book should be made into a movie?	What book(s) should be made into movie(s)?
Why was Hillary Clinton using an earpiece at the NBC forum?	Why did Hillary Clinton wear an earpiece in the debate?
What do you think the cutoff of KVPY 2016 SA would be?	What will be the cut-off for KVPY SA stream in 2016?
How long does it take before marijuana is out of your system? Is there any way to do it faster?	How long does marijuana stay in your system chart? How can you get rid of it faster?
How will releasing new 500 and 2000 rupee notes help in eradicating black money?	After demonetisation of notes government introduce Rs 2000 notes. does it create question on government moves against black money?
What are some good combined CRM and project management systems?	What is the best project management and CRM system available now?
Does global warming exist?	How can you prove global warming?
What are biotic and abiotic factors? How do they differ?	How do biotic and abiotic factors compare and contrast?
What was your most embarrassing moment on a date?	What is the most embarrassing moment in a date (gf/bf)?
How can I avoid silly mistakes?	How do I avoid silly mistakes?
Is it healthy or effective to lose weight by starving yourself?	Would starving yourself make you lose weight faster?
What would your ideal country look like?	What would your ideal country be like?
From where should I start if I want to be a game developer?	Wheres the best place to start if I want to pursue a career in video game development?
Is there any possibility to increase height after 21?	Can anyone increase their height at the age of 21 or 21+?
What is phase voltage?	What is phase voltage and what is line voltage?
Is Illuminati a real theory?	Does Illuminati exist?
How can I stop watching porn?	How can I control myself from masturbating while watching porn?
Where can I get affordable package in Sydney for floor tiles?	Where can I get best quality wall and floor tiles at very affordable rates in Sydney area?
What will be the impacts of gst on our economy?	How is GST beneficial for the country? How would it help to improve the country's economy?
Why does it matter if Hillary Clinton has poor health?	Is Hillary Clinton hiding some medical problem/issue?
How do you know if a friend likes you?	How do I know if my friend likes me?
Do people like Quartzy?	What do scientists think about Quartzy?
Why did Tata Sons removed/sacked Cyrus Mistry as the chairman?	Why was Cyrus Mistry removed as the Chairman of Tata Sons?
How do I hire an ethical hacker?	Where can I hire a serious hacker?
How do I get funding for my startup idea before we have a prototype?	How should I get my product idea funded if I live in India?
How does sex feel like for the first time?	What does first sex feel like?
Which things you dislike on Quora?	Why do you hate Quora?
Does having bad teeth damage your kidneys?	Will bad teeth badly damage your kidneys?
How can I prepare for the Marine Corps boot camp?	What can I do to prepare for Marine Corps boot camp?
What are the best engineering colleges in India?	What is the best engineering university in India?
What is Learning to Rank in machine learning?	What is learning to rank?
How can weed induce a depersonalization?	Can weed induce depersonalization? How?
What are disadvantages of a love marriage?	What are the disadvantages of love marriage?
Why do people like Apple products?	What do you like about Apple products?
What makes you sad?	What is the thing that makes you often sad?
What is the greatest invention made by Indian?	What are some of the greatest discoveries /inventions made by Indians?
What are the safety precautions on handling shotguns proposed by the NRA in Washington?	What are the safety precautions on handling shotguns proposed by the NRA in Michigan?
What combination of diet and exercise tips can result in losing belly fat and building six pack abs?	What diet plan and exercise routine one should follow to reduce belly fat and have six pack abs?
Why does Set Max show Sooryavansham so much?	Why set max telecast movie Suryavanshan on every week?
How do you talk your way out of an speeding ticket?	Being Arrested or Detained by the Police: What's the best way to talk your way out of a speeding ticket?
How do I gain self control?	How do I gain more self control?
How does a 3D printer work? Are there ones that are even able to print food?	How does the 3D printer work?
Does skipping increase height?	Do running increase your height?
Does Gary Johnson have a chance?	Why doesn't the Libertarian candidate Gary Johnson have a shot at winning the 2016 presidency?
What are the disadvantages of Reliance Jio?	What are the flaws of Reliance Jio?
What is a deep web?	What is deep web and dark web? And how to access it?
Should I be on Quora?	Why should I be in Quora?
Is Danlaw Inc. Bangalore a good company to work for?	Is Danlaw Inc. (Bangalore) a good company to work for?
Is Azusa Pacific University accepting of LGBT people?	Should I worry about attending Azusa Pacific University if I am gay?
What questions you'll ask as an interviewer when a candidate states his hobby as Ham radio?	What question you'll ask as an interviewer when a candidate states his hobby as Ham radio?
What are some best laptops under 50k?	Which is the best laptop to buy under RS-50000?
How do I search for members on Quora?	How do you search for people on Quora?
What is the formula to find prime numbers?	Is there any formula to find prime numbers between any two given numbers?
What are best books for SSC CGL?	Books for SSC CGL?
Why does Britain wish to leave European union?	Why does Britain want to leave the European Union?
How do you deal with liars?	How did you deal with a liar?
How do I start preparation for cracking the IAS exam? What are some good books and ideas as I am from a middle class family?	How do I start preparation of ias (in detail)?
How ca n I improve my communication skill?	What is the best way to improve our communication skills?
What are the safety precautions on handling shotguns proposed by the NRA in South Carolina?	What are the safety precautions on handling shotguns proposed by the NRA in Minnesota?
Which is best digital marketing course?	Which is the best digital marketing course?
What was your first kiss like? What happened?	How was your first kiss and how did it happen?
Is it worth doing an MTech from the NITs?	Is it worth it to pursue a MTech from NIT?
What are some of the best ways to break out my comfort zone?	How can I push myself out of my comfort zone?
What can I do to practice my English?	How can I improve fluency in English?
Why do we forget what happens in our dreams the following morning?	Why do we forget dreams so quickly?
Would Mark Cuban be a good US president?	Would Mark Cuban be a good candidate for US President (in 2020)?
How can I get the free shipping from Amazon?	How do you get free shipping on Amazon?
What are the top 10 websites you visit everyday and why?	What websites do you view everyday without fail?
How do I earn money online?	What is a way to make money online?
What is the difference between netbook and laptop?	What is the difference between netbooks and laptops?
How can I delete my Instagram account if I don't know my old password or email?	How do I delete an Instagram account if I don't know the email or password?
Which programming language uses mostly and why?	Which is the most used programming language in the world?
What are ways I can increase my height (I'm a ftm Asian)?	Does height increase after 18 years?
What will be the job prospects for petroleum engineers in the next 5-10 years?	What are the prospects of petroleum engineering in the next 10 years?
How can I make a suicide look like an accident?	Is there anyway that could make suicide look like an accident?
How can I get a 75 in the PTE?	How can I improve score in PTE?
What is the largest island in the Mediterranean sea and how is it different from other islands in the Mediterranean sea?	What is the biggest island in the Mediterranean Sea? How is the island different from other islands in the Mediterranean Sea?
How can I specifically improve my English?	HOw do I speak Fluent English?
Who is currently winning the presidential election?	Who do you think will win the 2016 presidential election?
Do you believe there is life after death?	What is the life after death.?
What are torrent download sites?	What are the best torrent sites to download contents as kickass torrent has become offline?
What can you learn from MS Dhoni?	What things can we learn from MS Dhoni?
Why don't Indian's fight against reservation?Who else thinks some reservation should be on economic grounds and not caste?	Why don't the Indian people fight against reservation and the quota system?
What are good CBSE schools in Hyderabad?	Which are the best CBSE schools available in Hyderabad?
Why would someone become a porn star?	Why do people become porn stars?
How does a woman rape a man?	Why would a woman rape a man?
What are good workouts to lose belly fat?	How do I get rid of belly fat and thigh fat?
Does plucked hair ever stop growing back?	Does plucking hair stop it from growing back?
How do I know that I am a psychopath?	How can I find out if I'm a psychopath?
Why will people vote for Hillary Clinton when Republicans allege that she is not truthful?	How can people vote for Hillary Clinton although she is too disingenuous?
Does China have any plans to add aircraft carriers to its navy?	Is China planning to build its own aircraft carriers anytime soon?
What country has the smallest population?	What's the smallest country?
What should I do with a week in Phuket?	What should a tourist do at Phuket?
What would be your New Year resolutions for 2017?	What are some meaningful new year resolutions for 2017?
How do I increase my computer typing speed?	What is the best way to increase typing speed?
Are tarantulas poisonous or dangerous to humans?	How poisonous are tarantulas to humans?
What are the safety precautions on handling shotguns proposed by the NRA in Minnesota?	What are the safety precautions on handling shotguns proposed by the NRA in Mississippi?
What should I do to improve my concentration?	How can I improve my concentration while studying?
What's your new year 2017 resolution to improve your daily life routine?	What's your New Year 2017 resolution?
Can we use  kinetic energy of cosmic rays as energy resource?	Can cosmic rays be converted to usable electricity?
Eighth Generation Consoles: What are the differences between XBox One and Playstation 4 and which do you prefer?	Which console is better- Xbox One or PlayStation 4?
Why is Quora so obviously and may I add unfairly Liberal?	Why does it seem that the majority of persons using Quora are politically liberal?
Is there life on other planets?	Is it possible that there is life in other planets?
How can I lose weight effectively?	How can I lose 4kg weight?
What would a Trump presidency mean for current international master’s students on an F1 visa?	How will Trump's presidency affect prospective international students from Syria?
What are Hillary Clinton's plans for India?	What will be Hillary Clinton's strategy for India if she becomes US President?
What if the South won the American Civil War?	What would've happened if the South won the Civil War?
What are your views on ban of 500 and 1000 rupee notes in India?	What is your view on the move to scrap 500 and 1000 rupee notes? What will be its effects?
What is the best source of Protein?	What is best source of protein?
Who would you vote for between Donald Trump and Hillary Clinton?	Donald Trump or Hillary Clinton? Why?
If you follow someone on Instagram can they see how many times you have viewed their profile?	Can instagram accounts see who visited their profile?
What will happen if somehow the earth stopped rotating and revolving at the same time?	What would happen if the earth stopped rotating in a span 5 years? Would be be able to adapt or would we die?
Why do people need sleep?	Do we need sleep?
Should India declare a war on Pakistan and Why?	What stops india to declare a war against Pakistan?
I forgot my Facebook and email password. How can I log into Facebook?	How can I log in to Facebook if I forgot my email?
How can I improve my communication and verbal skills?	How do I improve my communication skills.?
How do you travel with two passports?	How does one travel with two passports?
How can I treat an on and off morning sickness?	What are the remedies to reduce morning sickness? (Hyperemisis gravidarum)?
Is forex trading in India legal?	Is forex trading valid and legal in India?
Why was my question marked as needing improvement?	Quora: How to ask question on Quora so that it wont get marked as needing improvement?
What is a hard disk? What are the functions of a hard disk?	What is a hard disk? What function does it have in a computer?
What is best location for a 2-3 BHK flat in Gurgaon?	What is the best locations in Gurgaon for a 2/3 BHK flat?
What are the must see temples in Tamil Nadu?	What are the must visit temple towns in Tamil Nadu?
What are the few hidden gems in Delhi?	What are the hidden gems in Delhi?
In the future will India and Pakistan be together?	Will Pakistan and India unite one day?
Which is the best comedy movie?	What is your best comedy movie?
What is your review of What Are the Hot Topics in Finance or Economics for Doing a PhD?	What are the hot topics in finance or economics for doing PhD research?
What can you do if you always have bad breath?	How do I avoid or get rid of bad breath?
What are some of the best places to visit in Kerala in a span of 5 days?	What are the best places to visit in Kerala?
Is Climate change real?	Climate Change is real? Yes or no and why?
What is the best app to tell if someone is tracking my phone?	Is there an app that can detect someone tracking you?
How do I find clients for my web development business?	What is the best strategy for getting clients for web development business?
How do I prepare for CAT 2017 from August 2016?	What are best ways to prepare for cat 2017?
Why don't many people posting questions on Quora check Google first?	Why are there so many people using Quora to answer questions that can easily be found with a simple Google search?
Which is the best face wash?	What are some of the best face washes?
What are the good diets for weight loss?	What should be my proper diet for weight loss?
How does it feel to have sex?	How does doing sex feel like?
How do I learn hacking from beginner?	How can I learn hacking for security purposes?
What is a possible way to send a GIF in WhatsApp?	How do I send gif in whatsapp?
How do I start to code?	How do I start coding in 2017?
How do I decorate a more grown up 80's themed bedroom?	How do I decorate a grown up 80's themed bedroom?
Who did Megyn Kelly vote for?	Who is Megyn Kelly voting for?
How can I become a motivational speaker?	How do I become motivational speaker?
What are some good business ideas with investments up to 50 lakhs INR?	What is a good business to start with investment of 50 lakh INR?
What are the best things to do in Barcelona?	What are the most Interesting things to do in Barcelona?
How do I reset my Gmail password when I don't have access to my recovery information?	How can I reset my Gmail password when I don't remember my recovery information?
Can Donald Trump win?	Does Donald Trump have any chance of winning the forthcoming election?
I really like this girl. How can I tell if she likes me?	How do I know if this girl likes me?
Why Cyrus Mistry has been removed from Tata Group?	Why did the Tata Sons sacked Cyrus Mistry?
How long does it take to get acrylic nails done?	How long does it take to get acrylic nails professionally done?
What are the movies you must watch once before you die?	What are the films to see before we die?
How do I start IAS preparation along with BE engineering?	Should IAS preparation start after graduation?
What are the best places to visit on a 3 day trip in and around kerala?	What are the best places to visit on a 3-day trip in and around Kerala?
How can I learn to become more disciplined?	How does one become more disciplined?
Can people actively control their emotions?	How do I control anger and impulsive emotions?
What would I do additional courses with mechanical engineering?	What are some additional important courses to do for a mechanical engineer?
How should I start business?	How do I to start new business?
Which is the best business to do in India with less investment for youth?	What are some best business ideas with minimum investment?
How do I clear bank exams?	How can I clear the bank exams after degree?
What are the best social media for small business and why?	What are the best social media sites for a small business?
Has anyone found success using Xamarin to develop native mobile apps?	What is the success ratio using Xamarin to develop native mobile applications?
Why are people on Quora obsessed with their IQ?	Why does it seem like half of the questions on Quora are about your IQ?
What is the favorite Bible story of Hillary Clinton in the Old Testament?	What is the favorite Bible story of Hillary Clinton from the Old Testament?
What are some good arguments against the existence of God?	What are the scientific arguments against the existence of God?
What was the most thought provoking question that you've ever heard?	What is the most thought provoking question you ever heard?
What is the future of Django?	What is the future of Django framework?
What sites are the best to watch movies with English subtitles?	In which sites I can watch Hollywood movies for free with English subtitles?
What is an easy way make money online?	What is the easiest way to earn money from online?
Where can I get best assistance for the removal of furniture in Central Coast?	Where can I get removal services in Central Coast?
Why did Japanese ninjas like to wear black costumes and masks?	Did ninjas wear black?
What does the term "rep" mean in working out, and what are some examples?	What does the term "reps" mean in exercise?
What should I do after msc mathematics?	What are the career options after obtaining an MSc in mathematics?
Can mastubation cause hair loss in men?	Will mastrubation cause hair fall?
What are the safety precautions on handling shotguns proposed by the NRA in California?	What are the safety precautions on handling shotguns ?
What is your favourite movie quote and why?	Which is your favourite quote or dialogue of a movie?
What happens if you travel at the same speed as the earth rotates but in the opposite direction?	What hapens if all people walked on the opposite of the earth rotation at the same time?
I forgot my Facebook email and password how can I log in?	I forgot my password and also my email password. how can I get back that account?
What type of exercise should I do in order to reduce the fat of my hip and buttock?	What can be done to reduce thigh and hip fat in men?
How can one make money starting a blog?	How can I start making money by starting a blog?
Can I earn money online?	How do I earn money from the Internet?
How can one stop caring about what people say or think about them?	What are some psychological tricks to stop caring about what people think?
What is daily like in Gaza?	What is daily life like in Gaza?
How do I verify my Facebook Page (India)?	How can I verify Facebook page in India?
How do I change account name in iMovie	How do I change account name in iMovie?
Accommodations in Florence: What's the average value differential of a corner room in a hotel or apartment building?	What's the average value differential of a corner room in a hotel or apartment building?
What are the chances of getting pregnant 3 days after the period is over?	Can I get pregnant 3 days after period if I bled for not even a full 3 days?
What are some questions that you should never ask on Quora?	What are the questions you would never ask on Quora?
What are the differences between Chinese culture and western culture?	What is the difference between Chinese and western culture?
Where can I talk to a doctor online?	Where can we consult a doctor online?
Where did atheists get their moral code in the first place?	Where do atheists get their morality?
What is your favorite genre of music and why?	What is your favorite music genre? Why?
What is your New Year’s Resolution(s) for 2017?	What are your New Year resolutions for the upcoming year 2017?
How we can define loneliness?	What is loneliness?
Which is the best site to play indian rummy without cash?	Which is the best site to play an Indian rummy?
Whether there is packaging technology course in hochschule furtwangen in Germany?	Whether there is packaging technology course in hochschule furtwangen university in Germany?
Which are the best books to prepare for IAS exam?	Which is the best book for the IAS exam preparation?
How do I purchase using Paytm?	How can we use Paytm?
How do Visa and MasterCard credit cards compare?	How do MasterCard and Visa credit cards differ?
What existed in the space before Big Bang?	Before the Big Bang was it in complete darkness?
How will the ban of old 500 and 1000 rs notes help in bringing out the black money?	Will banning 500 and 1000 notes can stop the black money?
What is the significance behind the holy water (Theertham) offered by the priests in a Hindu Temple?	What is the significance behind giving teertha prasadams at temple?
Whatever happened to Mel Gibson?	What happened to mel Gibson?
How I can ask question on Quora?	What are the best ways to ask a question on Quora?
What is your immune system's reaction to a splinter?	What is the immune system's response to a splinter?
How will Trump’s presidency affect international students in the US?	What does Trump’s victory mean for international students?
Which is the best treatment for vitiligo?	What are the best treatments for vitiligo?
Why isn't Wallonia part of France?	Why isn't Wallonia part of France and Flanders part of the Netherlands?
I have a killer idea for a video game but how do I go about making an idea a reality?	How would one go about making a video game?
What is Eid al-Adha?	Why is Eid al-Adha celebrated?
How does the ban on 500 and 1000 rupee notes helps to identify black money and corruption?	How will demonetization of 500 and 1000 rupee notes stop corruption?
Which are the best GMAT classes in Bangalore?	What are some good classes for GMAT in Bangalore?
How can I get verified sign for Instagram?	How do I get a verified account on Instagram?
What is the quickest and easiest way to forget someone?	Which is the easiest way to forget someone?
What are the ways for a dumb person to earn money online?	What are the ways a dumb person can earn money online?
What is mining engineer?	What does a mining engineer do?
What are the disadvantages of Reliance Jio?	What are the drawbacks of reliance Jio?
How can the Israeli-Palestinian conflict end?	How would you solve the Israeli-Palestinian conflict?
How can the Lewis Dot Structure of magnesium be determined?	How can you create the Lewis Dot Structure for magnesium?
How do you heal scabs on your face quickly?	How do you get scabs to heal faster?
What some best horror movies?	Can somebody help me with the list of best top horror movies of all time?
How can I earn money part time online?	How can I start to make money online?
What are certain things that makes Indians happy?	Psychology of Everyday Life: What are some things that make Indians happy?
How does demonetization of the 500 and 1000 notes bring down the real estate price?	Will real estate and prices of essential goods come down in India after the ban of 500 and 1000 notes?
Is there any way to increase my blog's traffic on Blogger?	How can I increase the traffic on my Blogger?
How do you stop being infatuated with someone?	How do I stop infatuation?
What is the capacity of a 3.5 inch floppy disk?	What is the memory capacity of a floppy disk?
What are pros and cons of 500 and 1000 currency notes abolishing?	What are the pros & cons of demonetization?
Are grapes bad for any breeds of dogs?	Why are grapes bad for puppies?
How do I find investors for my medical startup?	How can I get an investor for my startup?
What is a good side to go with stuffed peppers?	What are some side dish ideas and their recipes to serve with stuffed peppers?
What is the most probable cutoff for KVPY SA 2016?	How many questions did you attempt and how many marks do you expect in KVPY SA 2016?
How did you learn to speak English?	How can I improve fluency in English?
How do you contact EA Sports?	What are some ways to contact EA Sports?
What is the best beginner friendly book on python?	What is the best Python learning book for beginners?
How does the ranking of answers on Quora work?	How does Quora sort multiple answers for a question?
What are ways to make money online at home?	How can we earn money online in india?
What is one incident that changed your life?	What incident changed your life forever?
Why does the Quora app need access to my contacts?	Why does Quora need my Google contacts?
Name your best movie you have seen?	Which is the best movie you ever watched?
What are the biggest scam in India?	What is the biggest scam in India?
How do certifications help in career growth?	Does certification help in career growth ?
Why doesn’t anybody answer my questions on Quora?	Why are some questions not answered on Quora?
What are some anime like Eureka 7?	Is there another anime like Eureka 7?
What was St. Augustine's theory of time?	What is the St. Augustine's concept of time?
What is the best strategy for political science & international relations optional for upsc mains exam?	Which book should I refer for political science and international relations as an optional for cse mains?
Is caste system Slavery?	Is the caste system the longest surviving institution of slavery in history?
How do I close a chase savings account online?	How do you close your Chase account online?
What is digital marketing and how to set career in digital marketing?	What are the basics of Digital Marketing?
What type of diets can I take to lose 5 pounds in 2 weeks?	What are some alternative ways to lose 5 pounds in 2 weeks?
Why sex is important in life?	Is sex that important for life?
Is Hillary Clinton a liar?	Why is Hillary Clinton a pathological liar?
What are some good crime/mystery novels?	Which are the best mystery novels?
What is the most embarrassing thing you have done in front of your crush?	What's the most embarassing thing you did in front of your crush?
What is your new year resolution for 2017 or goal for 2017?	What are some meaningful new year resolutions for 2017?
Where can I meet Brits in Toronto?	Where can I meet Brits in the Toronto Area?
Why did Littlefinger give Sansa to Ramsey?	Why did Littlefinger send Sansa in the claws of Ramsey? Did he just not realize what he was?
Do you earn money while using Quora or answering question in Quora?	Can Quora members earn by answering?
How do I become a web developer?	How do you become a web/developer?
How can I get my hair to be healthy?	How do I get have healthy hair?
How does the ban on 500 and 1000 rupee notes helps to identify black money and corruption?	How will the scrapping of Rs 500 and Rs 1000 notes help in reducing black money and corruption?
Why are some "ugly" people still very attractive?	Why are some ugly people so attractive?
What are good places to publish poetry?	What are great websites to publish poetry?
What is the right way to eat pancakes?	What's the best way to eat pancakes?
What are some of the worst natural disasters that have happened to date?	What are some of the world's worst natural disasters?
What is it like to be a pornstar?	How is it like to be a pornstar?
Why do people get lonely?	Why do some people get lonely while others don't?
How will ban on 500 and 1000 rupees note affect economy of India in different sectors?	How will the ban on Rs. 1000 and Rs. 500 notes impact Indian economy?
When can patient start exercising again after weightloss surgery?	When can I start exercising again after surgery?
Why MS Dhoni leave captaincy of ODI & T-20?	Why does M.S Dhoni left captaincy for ODI and T20?
Do you believe that you can be in love with two people at the same time?	İs it possible to be in love with 2 people at the same time?
Do you think War might take place between India and Pakistan in view of these surgical strikes?	How many people think that India is heading toward war with pak after surgical strike?
Whose going to win the American presidential election after all the political happenings this year?	Who do you think is going to win the presidential elections and why?
What is the biggest sacrifice you have ever made?	What is the biggest sacrifice you ever had to make?
What is best investment options in India?	What is the best investment in India?
Will there be a civil war after Trump become president?	What are the chances of a civil war breaking out if Donald Trump becomes President?
How one can deal with a breakup?	How did you overcome your breakup?
Can one take garlic to lose weight?	How does garlic help you lose weight?
What should I do to be prepared for the RCMP?	What should you do to prepare for the RCMP?
What is Rob Halford’s vocal range?	What is Rob Halford's vocal range?
What is one stupid answer you wrote on Quora?	Which is the most stupid answer you wrote on Quora?
What is the best imaginary world in entertainment or literature? 	What is the best fantasy world ever conceived of in literature?
What are some of the best smartphones within Rs 7000?	Which is the best smartphone within Rs 7k?
Why would anyone want catch up with an ex fling when they're engaged to the love of theirs life?	Why would anyone want catch up with an ex fling when they're engaged to the love of their life?
How should I start learning Python?	How do I start learning Python Socket Programming?
What are your views about governments decision to stop flow of 1000 and 500 rupee notes.?	Is Modi's decision on demonetization of 500 and 1000 notes welcomed by public?
What is your view on the move to scrap 500 and 1000 rupee notes? What will be its effects?	What do you think will be the effect of Modi Government's decision of invalidating the RS 500 and RS 1000 notes?
Can we consciously choose if we want to be extrovert or introvert?	Can we consciously choose if we want to be an introvert or an extrovert?
Why has the prime minister Modi discontinued ₹500 and ₹1000 notes?	Why has Narendra Modi made ₹500 and ₹1000 notes invalid?
What made you mad today?	What made you angry today?
Is there any chance of World War III?	Are we heading toward World War 3?
Why does it become lonely when you become a billionaire or why is it lonely at the top?	Why is it lonely at the top once you reach billionaire status? Whats your theory?
How do I start preparation of ias (in detail)?	How shoud I start my preparation for IAS?
Who invented kettle corn? How was it invented?	How was kettle corn invented?
Why do Indians care so much about what other nation's people think about them?	Why do Indians care so much about what others think about them?
How too fall out of love?	How do yo fall out of love with someone?
What are receptacles? How to wire multiple receptacles?	How can you wire multiple receptacles at once?
Was Jesus Christ circumsized? Did he identify as Jewish?	Is Jesus Christ a Jew or a Gentile?
Daniel Ek: When is Spotify coming to india?	Daniel Ek: When will Spotify be available for Indian customers?
What is a network server?	What is network server?
How do I start learning python web programming from scratch to advanced?	How do I start learning Python modules?
Why am I not as hungry anymore?	Why am I never hungry anymore?
What is the race event of a marathon?	What is marathon?
Why does NATO still exist?	Why is NATO still relevant today?
How can ı improve my speaking skills in English?	How do I improve my speaking skills in english?
For how long can I watch the offline video on YouTube?	How many days we can watch offline video in you tube?
I am searching things to do in my free time which can develop my skills in international business/marketing?	I am searching things to do in my free time which can improve my skills in international business/marketing?
Why do people with happy and normal lives throw everything away to join ISIS?	Why did you join ISIS?
How can I search my friends on Quora?	How can I search a friend on Quora?
How do I use QuickBooks?	How can I use QuickBooks?
Which are the top digital marketing companies in India?	Which is the best digital marketing agency in India?
Where can I get funding for my idea?	How can I get funds for my business idea?
Does 'empty' space consist of 'stuff' which is displaced by matter?	Is 'empty' space filled with massive particles which are displaced by the particles of matter which exist in it and move through it?
I want jion ebiz it is best aren`t?	Is eBiz the best company for doing network marketing?
Why do people dance on Mahamantra and when it' started or where it is originated from?	Why do people dance on Mahamantra and when it is started or where is this originated from?
What is the meaning or purpose of life?	What is the sense of life?
What is Garuda Puran?	What is Garuda Puranam?
How do you describe femininity?	How do you define femininity?
How can you lose weight quickly?	How can I lose weight ?
What are some of the best photos taken from a cell phone?	What are the best photos you have taken by Mobile?
Is Ancient Rome a hoax? Or not?	Was Ancient Rome and Julius/Augustus Caesar a hoax? Or not?
Why is Yahoo not working? How can this be fixed?	Why is the Yahoo homepage not working? How can I fix it?
Which is the best hindi movie in 2016?	Which is the best Bollywood movie of 2016?
What are the qualifications to become a film critic?	How can an individual become a film critic?
How do you rest your rescue password if you don't remember your answers to the sequrity questions?	How can I reset my Gmail password when I don't remember my recovery information?
How do I get into Harvard as an undergrad?	What should be done to get admission in harvard?
Who is the character George Steinbrenner on Seinfeld?	Who plays George Steinbrenner on Seinfeld?
What is lathe machine?	What is a lathe machine?
What happens if Hillary gets indicted after the convention and before the election?	What would happen if Hillary Clinton was indicted a week before the general election?
How can I overcome my porn addiction?	How can I drop porn and masturbation?
What is best IDE for Python?	What is the best IDE for Python?
How can I make my penis big and long?	How can the penis be enlarged?
Is cricket an overrated game in India?	Why cricket is overrated in India?
How does light turn into heat?	How does light exactly "convert" to heat?
What are the economic implications of banning 500 and 1000 rupee notes?	What will be the consequences of 500 and 1000 rupee notes banning?
How do I to start a new business?	What are some ways to start a business?
Is sex important in love?	Is sex necessary in a relationship?
How can you rapidly lose weight in 14days?	How can I lose max weight in 14 days?
What are the best online short courses in digital marketing?	Which is the best digital marketing institute for professionals in India?
Is long distance relationship works?	How does long distance relationship work?
What is diffference between electronics and electrical?	What is the difference between electronics and electrical engineering?
Can I crack IIT JEE 2017 if I am starting now?	Can I crack IIT JEE 2017 if I start now?
What is the best tools for front-end developer's?	What are the best tools for front-end development?
What are the best C++ books?	What is the best book to master C++ (to be a professional C++ programmer)?
How do you fall in love with mathematics?	How do I fall in love with mathematics?
How can I learn autocad from home?	Can I learn autocad from my home?
What is your favorite animal? Why?	What are your favorite animals?
How do I know when a woman is having an orgasm?	How can you tell if a woman has had an orgasm?
What is science behind reiki?	What is the science behind reiki?
What do copywriters do?	What does a copywriter do?
Can long distance relationships work out?	Does long distance relationship works?
How long does it take to get over a rejection?	How long does it take to get over rejection?
How do I become a better or pro web designer?	What are the best ways to be a better web designer?
What is the significance of Vimy Ridge?	What is the significance of the Battle of Vimy Ridge?
What is the best laptop under INR 20k?	Which laptop or notebook can I buy under 20k?
How can I promote an e-commerce website?	How do I promote an e-commerce website of uniforms on the internet?
What should I do if I eat moldy chocolate?	What are the risks of eating moldy chocolate?
What are the best UK universities to study economics and business in terms of level?	What are the best UK universities for economics?
Is eating soda the same as baking soda?	Cooking soda and baking soda same or not?
How do I overcome shyness in front of girls?	How do I overcome my shyness towards girls?
What is the best language to learn programming?	What is the best programming language I should start learning?
Do women like bald men?	Do girls like bald guys?
What's the strangest combination of foods you have ever witnessed?	What is the strangest combination of two foods you’ve ever eaten?
What do you think the chances are that Trump will be impeached?	Do you think Trump will be impeached?
What's the kindest thing a stranger has done for you?	What is the nicest thing a stranger has done for you?
What would be painted on medieval armor?	Was Medieval armor painted?
How does Demonetisation of 1000 and 500 rupees notes affect real estate industry?	What will be the impact on real estate by banning 500 and 1000 rupee notes from India?
How do you recover your Gmail password?	How can you recover your Gmail password?
Why does Quora limit question length?	Why does Quora have a character limit in Question Details?
What is Hillary Clinton's vision for NASA?	What is Hillary Clinton and Tim Kaine's plan for NASA?
How do I recover my Gmail account password without a recovery email (forgot) or the security question when 2 step verification code is turned on?	I can't remember my Gmail password or my recovery email. How can I recover my e-mail?
How are intrusive igneous rocks formed?	How does an intrusive igneous rock is formed?
What are the safety precautions on handling shotguns proposed by the NRA in Maine?	What are the safety precautions on handling shotguns proposed by the NRA in Mississippi?
What is the best coaching institute for gmat in Delhi?	What is the best coaching institute for GMAT in Delhi NCR region?
Can you see who views your videos in Instagram?	How can I see who viewed my video I just posted on Instagram?
I want to hack a Wi-Fi network PC using command promt of Windows 7. What should I do?	How can I hack WiFi using a command prompt in windows 7?
I wish I were straight. How do I make my self straight?	My homosexuality is a source of suffering for me. I wish I were straight. How can I come to terms?
What conspiracy theories turned out to be true?	Which are some of the conspiracy theories that later on proved to be true?
What is your turning point in life?	What was the life turning point in your life?
How do I add tags to my question in Quora?	How do I add topics?
What are some of the best Indian web series?	What are some Indian web series to look out for?
What will happen to the Trump brand if he loses?	If Donald Trump loses the election, how much damage has he done to the"Trump" brand name?
How should I earn money online working from home?	What is the easiest way to earn money from online?
Which are the best online resources for learning violin as a beginner?	What are the best online resources to learn violin?
Is dark/vacuum energy infinite because the expansion of the universe is infinite and more and more of it is created as the universe expands?	If energy is created and not conserved in an expanding universe (that expands without limit) can infinite energy be created then?
Why is Hillary Clinton worse than Donald Trump?	Why is Hillary Clinton a better choice than Donald Trump?
What are some good technical petroleum books for petroleum engineering student?	What are some good technical books about petroleum for a PE student?
How much water should one drink in one day?	How much water drink per day?
HOw do I speak Fluent English?	How can I learn to speak a fluent English?
How do I get more upvotes on my answers on Quora?	How can I get more upvotes on my Quora answers?
How to gain weight ?	What should I do to gain some weight?
How do international money transfer function?	How do international money transfers happen behind the scenes?
What is the most embarrassing thing you have done in front of your crush?	What is the embarrassing thing you have done in front of your crush?
How can I commit suicide without any pain?	What is the best way to commit suicide in India?
Can you still get pregnant one day before menstruation?	Is it possible to get pregnant before your regular period?
Why is Hillary Clinton losing?	Why is Hillary Clinton losing polls again?
What are the expected best upcoming Hollywood movies in 2017?	Which Hollywood movie will be best in 2017?
I really want to polish my English writing skills. What are some good books that could help me?	I want to improve my English writing skills. Can someone suggest me some books?
What is the difference between python scripting and python coding explain the difference with simple program?	What's the difference between a Python script and a Python program?
What is the best way to stop terrorism?	Is there any way to stop terrorism?
What are some of the best bollywood song lyrics?	What are some Bollywood songs that have great lyrics?
What is the funniest movie to watch?	What is the funniest movie you have ever watched?
What are the safety precautions on handling shotguns proposed by the NRA in Kansas?	What are the safety precautions on handling shotguns proposed by the NRA in Wisconsin?
How do you get better grades?	How can I dramatically improve my grades?
What is the future of computer science?	What will be the future of computer science?
What is a good song for a text prank?	What are some good songs for a song lyric prank?
What is the first movie ever?	First movie of the world?
Why has Quora moderation removed my question?	Why is Quora removing my question?
How can you get rid of moles on your face?	How do you get rid of moles at home?
How can we reduce daily greenhouse gas emissions?	How can we reduce greenhouse gas emissions?
Did Donald Trump rape a 13 year old girl?	Did Trump really rape a 13 year old girl?
How do I fix a Java Virtual Machine launcher error?	How do you fix a Java virtual machine launcher error?
Why is heart cancer so rare?	Why is it that heart cancer is so rare?
I hold a Delhi domicile. How much do I need to score to get into medical college in Delhi from Aipmt?	What will be cutoff for Delhi Medical college for Delhi Domicile?
How do I overcome social anxiety in public places?	What's the best way to overcome social anxiety and gain confidence?
How do admissions officers treat international applicant?	How do admissions officers look at international applicants?
What is best thing in our life?	What are the best things in life?
How can changing 500 and 1000 rupee notes end the black money in India?	How is India fighting corruption by scrapping 500 and 1000 rupee notes?
What does "under the weather" mean?	What does "little under the weather" mean?
How do I live for 100 years?	I'm in my 20s. What can I do right now to make sure I live beyond 100 years?
How do I recover my Gmail account when it does not open after password reset?	How can we recover our Gmail password online?
Can magic spells actually work?	Do magic spells work?
What should my next step be after completing dataquest course in 2 months?	Where should I practice projects after completing dataquest data scientist course?
Why is smoking bad for your lungs?	Is smoking bad?
Who supports ISIL?	Who supports ISIS?
What is the cause of carpal tunnel syndrome?	What are the causes of carpal tunnel syndrome and how can it be treated?
What is the embarrassing of your life?	What was your most embarrassing experience?
What are examples of nature?	What are some examples of nature?
How do I find the real time location of a cell phone number?	How to trace a current location of any number?
How does Wallapop make money?	How does wallapop gain profit?
How long is bronchitis contagious and how is it treated?	How long is bronchitis contagious?
How do I overcome jealousy? What really causes jealousy?	How can I become more confident to overcome jealousy?
What are some of the common myths?	What's are some of the most common myths?
How do I have to start my Electrical machines subject with zero level of knowledge about it?	How do I have to start my Electrical machines subject with zero level of knowledge on it?
Who has the highest IQ?	Who has the highest IQ in the history?
If more vacuum gravitational and dark energy is created as universe expands can infinite of these be created as they appear without limit?	If vacuum gravitational and dark energy are created as universe expands without limit?
How Popular is Pokémon GO?	Why is Pokémon GO more popular than other games?
What is Time Sharing operating system?	What is a time-sharing operating system?
Should I have to change my attitude toward myself or my life?	Should I have to change my attitude toward myself/ my life?
How do you see the future of IT industry in India?	What is the future of the IT sector in India?
How can I look pretty?	How can I be pretty?
Who is the best bikini body in bollywood?	Which Bollywood actress has best bikini body?
How do I change my profile pic on Quora?	How can I change my Quora profile photo?
Why do so many people ask questions on Quora instead of searching the answers on Wikipedia?	Why do some people ask questions on Quora that could be asked directly to a search engine ?
How can I check the status of my pan card?	Income Tax: How to check pan card status?
How will you get News of Bhilai?	How will you get news about Bhilai?
What would be the impact of GST in india?	What are the benefits of gst bill?
Which is the best compliment you have ever received?	What is the best compliment you ever got from anyone?
Will regular masturbation eventually make you sterile and have a lower sperm count?	Can regular masturbation cause lack of sperm with age?
How I can ask question on Quora?	How do I ask questions on here?
What would be the basic benefit of demonetizing 500 and 1000 Rs currency?	What would be the possible impact on Indian economy after cancellation of 500 and 1000 Rs notes?
Which laptop should I buy if I am in IT engineering college?	Which laptop I should buy if I am an IT engineer?
What are your New Year's resolutions for 2017?	What's your new year resolution for 2017?
What's the best decision you ever made?	What is the best decision you have ever made?
How safe is London?	Is it safe to travel to London now?
Can you get a second hand high off of someone smoking weed next to you in a car?	Can you get high off of second hand marijuana (weed) smoke?
What is the expected cutoff for KVPY SA 2016 -17?	What is the most probable cutoff of KVPY SA 2016?
What is difference between content writer and technical writer?	What is the difference between technical writer and content writer?
What are some ways to find the surface area of a trapezoid?	How can I calculate the surface area of a trapezoid?
Whats your personality type?	What's your personality type?
What are some reasons an iPhone might not ring?	What are some common reasons that your iPhone 5 will not ring?
Which is best choice for newbies Honda hornet 160R or Suzuki Gixxer 155?	I am looking to buy new bike. Suzuki gixxer 155 or honda hornet 160r. Which one to buy?
What are the best freelancing sites?	Which is best site for freelancing?
What are the best movies on Netflix streaming?	What are the best three movies you have seen on Netflix?
Printing: Where can I get business cards fast online?	Where can I get business cards fast online?
How do you cure halitosis?	What is treatment of halitosis?
What are best resources for learning Data Structures?	How do I start learning data structures?
What is the difference between passion and obsession?	What's the difference between passion and obsession?
Is it safe to buy a laptop online (specially from Snapdeal or Amazon)?	Is it safe to buy a laptop-online from Infibeam?
How do I get in contact with you?	How can I contact you?
How can I slim down my face?	How can I slim my face naturally?
What made you become an atheist?	Why did you decide to become an atheist?
Where can I hire a real bad ass hacker?	Where can I hire a serious hacker?
Which is the best phone with good camera quality?	Which is the best camera quality Phone?
What are the top five strongest militaries in the world?	What are the top 10 strongest military powers in the world?
How do I washout anabolic steroid?	How do I washout anabolic steroids?
How will the ban on Rs 500 and 1000 notes impact the Indian economy?	How Indian economy got affected after ban of 500 1000 notes?
Do you believe in reincarnation? Why?	How much do you believe in reincarnation?
What causes cancer?	What is the cause of cancer?
Can I make calls in reliance Jio sim from a 3g phone?	Can we use Jio 4G sim to 3G handsets?
How could I become mature and have a stable mind?	How do I become mature and sensible?
Could you please give some weight loss advice for me and my husband?	Can anybody give me any advice on losing weight safely?
Who will win up 2017 election?	Who can win in 2017 UP elections?
What's the best decision you've ever made?	What is the best decision you have ever made?
How do the pharmacy companies come up with the brand names for their medicines?	Where does the pharmaceutical industry come up with the names for their drugs?
How can I get redeem code?	How I get my redeem code?
How do I control anger when something went wrong?	How do I control my anger and have patience?
Where can I found extremely talented painters in Sydney?	Where can I found efficient painters in Sydney?
What is the best exercise in the morning?	Which is the best exercise to do in the morning?
Who or what inspires you and why?	Who are you most inspired by and why?
Is milk good or bad for health?	Is drinking milk good for health?
What are the common mistakes done by college students?	What are common mistakes made by college students?
What do you think of the Government's move of banning old Rs. 500 & Rs. 1000 notes?	What are your views on PM Modi's decision on discontinuing 500 & 1000 rs notes?
What are some of the movies of Hollywood that you must watch?	Which are the best Hollywood movies of all time?
What's the quickest and most painless way to commit suicide?	What’s the easiest most painless way to die?
Is India ready for a uniform civil code?	Do you think Uniform Civil Code will be a reality soon in India?
What are some mind-blowing mobile gadgets 2016 that exist that most people don't know about?	What are some mind-blowing phones accessories that exist that most people don't know about?
What are some best laptops for a CS student under 60k in India?	What are best laptops for programmers/CS students under 50-60K in India?
How many people do you have sex with?	How many people have you had sex with in your life?
What would Hillary Clinton do about the 2nd amendment?	What would be the impact on the 2nd Amendment if Hillary Clinton was elected president?
What is your view on the banning of 500 and 1000 rs?	What will be the effect of banning 500 and 1000 Rs notes on the Indian economy?
What's the difference between a free safety and a strong safety and how are they used differently?	What's the difference between a free safety and a strong safety?
Does Bailey's Irish Cream go bad or expire?	Does Irish Cream go bad?
How do I stop worrying about what others think of me?	How do I ignore what other people think of me?
How do I get out of my rut?	What are some good ways to get out of a rut?
What can I do to convince my parents to get my love?	What I have to do to get my love?
Can I do a mix of coconut oil with castor oil for hair growth and nourishment?	Can I do a mix of coconut oil and olive oil for hair growth and nourishment?
What is the difference between PGDM and PGPM?	What is the difference between PGPM and PGDM?
I am poor in English grammar so how should I improve my grammar?	How can I learn the whole English grammar?
What is an electronic cloud?	What are electronic clouds?
How I can improve my English communication?	How can I improve my English Language?
How possible is it to get pregnant one day after my 3 day period?	Can I fall pregnant after 3days of my period?
How can I get a job in medical sales?	What does it take to get a job in medical sales?
Why did you specifically vote for Donald Trump?	What are the main reasons why you voted for Donald Trump?
What would happen if all the oxygen in the earth disappeared for five seconds?	If the Earth lost its oxygen for 5 seconds what would happen upon its return?
What is the best gigolo website?	What is the best gigolo website in India?
How can I make my parents feel proud?	What is the best way to make our parents feel proud?
What is the worst and best movie that you watched in 2014?	What are the worst movies of 2014? Why?
What is the best brand of puppy food for bulldogs?	What is the best food for a 5 week old puppy?
Which is the best brain exercise?	What are some best techniques or exercises to increase my brain power?
How are long distance relationships maintained?	Can a long distance relationship still exist? How can you make it work?
What is a good laptop cooling pad?	What is the best laptop cooling pad?
Does the Indian education system need to change and why?	Should the education system be changed in India? If so why or why not?
Is Odysseus considered a hero or not? Why or why not?	How is Odysseus considered a hero?
Which is best age for married?	What is the best age for marriage?
What are some of the weirdest dreams you've had?	What is the weirdest dream you ever had?
How should I make money online for free?	Where can make money online free?
What is the best ways of learn java language from scratch?	What the best way to learn language of Java?
What are some startups in India?	What is a startup in India?
What are the best resources to learn Javascript?	What is the best way to learn JavaScript?
Is World War 3 on the way with the US Elections?	Are we getting closer to world war 3?
Are there any countries where it's illegal to own a knife or box cutter?	Are box cutters illegal in most countries?
How would demonetizing 500 and 1000 rupee notes and introducing new 2000 rupee notes help curb black money and corruption?	How can Modi government prevent black money by discontinuing 500 and 1000 notes?
Why does power loss occurs in digital circuit?	Why does power loss occur in digital circuit?
How can I learn everything about computers?	How can I learn faster about computer?
Guwahati LGB airport rules for carrying liquor on flight?	Guwahati LGB airport rules for carrying liquor?
How can I be happy everyday?	How do I be happy everyday?
How do I see who's viewed my Instagram profile?	Can someone see if you have viewed public Instagram?
How much does a business analyst earn in india?	How much do business analysts make in India?
How does stock market works?	How does stock market work?
What is your favorite music video clip? Why?	What's your favorite music video?
Which are the best romantic movies to watch?	What are some of the best romantic movies in English?
Any ideas on what to do if I'm bored?	What should I do when I feel bored?
What is meant by rooting or to get root access of your phone? Why is it needed? How to do it?	What exactly is rooting the phone? How do you root it? Why do we root it? What are its effects?
what is foreign policy?	What does foreign policy mean?
Which is the most erotic movie you have ever watched?	What's the most erotic feature film you have seen?
Is it possible to recreate dinosaurs or any kind of extinct animals from the ancient DNA (as in jurassic park)?	Is it possible to recreate the extinct animals such as dinosaurs?
What is the superstition behind a twitching right eye?	What is the superstition of the lower left eyelid twitching randomly?
Does mountains grow?	Are mountains growing?
What are some examples of mixtures?	What are mixtures? What are some examples of this?
Was Albert Einstein an atheist?	Is Einstein an atheist?
What are the pros and cons of the new GST bill in India?	What are the pros and cons of the GST for the E-commerce sector in India?
Is chiropractic care safe for pregnant women?	How safe is chiropractic care during pregnancy?
How can I earn through internet at home?	How do I earn through internet at home?
How can I improve my speaking?	How can I improve my English speaking .?
How can I observe like Sherlock Holmes?	How do I learn to observe people like Sherlock Holmes?
What does the common acronym "LMAO" stand for?	What does "LMAO" stands for?
Is Buddhism passive nihilism?	Is Buddhism nihilistic?
What are some of the best sources to study data structures?	What is the best source to learn data structure?
Can honey lighten my hair?	How can I lighten my hair with honey?
Why does Indian education suck so much?	Why is the Indian education system worthless?
What would happen if Donald Trump becomes president?	What will happen if Trump wins for president will it be all bad?
Who is a prime minister?	What is prime minister?
What's your New Year's resolution for 2017?	What's your resolutions for 2017?
How can I make $20 per day online?	What is the easiest way to make $20 per day online?
How do I look at someone's Instagram when it's private?	How do I view someone's private Instagram pictures?
What is mass Gainer?	What is a mass gainer?
How can Uber driver see the individual rating from a customer?	How can an Uber driver see what rating the client gave to the driver?
How can I reduce my chubby tummy?	How do I reduce tummy?
What's the best book on Joseph Goebbels?	What are the best books on Joseph Goebbels?
How can I forget someone whom I loved so deeply?	How can I forget someone I love strongly?
Why would Hillary Clinton be a better president than Donald Trump?	Is Hillary Clinton really worse than Donald Trump?
I'm an Electrical Engineering student of Sixth Semester. What should I made for my Final Year project?	I am a electrical engineering final year student. What should I do for my final year project?
Has anyone watched Detective Conan Movie 20:The Darkest Nightmare yet?	Has someone watched the Dectective Conan Movie 20:The Darkest Nightmare (Japanese audio version)?
Who is the best professional golfer in the world?	Who is the best professional golfer in the world and why?
How can I improve my C programming?	What can I do to improve my programming skills in c language?
Is RNI registration necessary for a Magazine not meant for distribution but for direct courier to companies?	Is RNI necessary for a Magazine not meant for distribution but for direct courier to companies?
How can you train a Golden Retriever/Corgi mix?	How can you train a Border Collie/Golden Retriever mix?
Who is the best actor in Game of Thrones?	Who is the one best actor in Game of Thrones of all time?
Who was behind the terror attack on Uri in India?	What are the reasons behind the Uri terror attack in Kashmir?
Why do we worry so much when we know worrying doesn't bring any difference at all?	Why do we worry so much when we know worrying doesn't make bring any difference at all?
What would a good 28th amendment be?	What are the most likely candidates to be the 28th Amendment to the Constitution?
What are some cool and lesser-known facts about the iPhone?	What are the amazing facts about iPhones?
What is the best martial art to use for self-defense and other practical situations? Why?	What is the best martial art for practical use?
How do I find a best friend?	How do I find my best friend?
Why is Pakistan a poor country?	Is Pakistan a Poor Country ?
What are your 5 favorite poems?	What are your favorite poems and why?
How can I deal with hypocrites?	How do I deal with a hypocrite?
How do we bake cake in microwave oven?	How do I bake a chocolate cake at home using microwave?
What interview questions are likely to be asked to a preschool teacher?	What questions are you likely to be asked when interviewing to be a preschool teacher?
How can I control my emotions and actions?	How do I control my emotion and sadness?
What are the pay scales of an architect?	What is the pay scale of an architect?
Why do people ask questions on Quora that can easily be answered by Google?	Why do people use Quora when they could easily find the answer in a quick Google search?
What is the best dirty joke you have heard?	What is the best dirty jokes?
What are the ways to start a small scale business?	How do I make business plan for small scale business?
How do I write a thesis paper?	How can I write a strong thesis paper?
What kind of girl do you like?	What type of girl do you like?
Will there be a fifth Indiana Jones movie?	Will there be another Indiana Jones movie?
What is the best music album of all time?	Which is the best album of all time?
What would be impact of World War 3 if happen?	What could potentially spark World War III?
Is it better to have micro atx desktop over laptop if you never use your laptop on the go?	Is having micro ATX desktop more preferable than having desktop replacement laptop?
What should I do to explore myself?	How can I explore myself?
What should I do if my parents can't afford JEE coaching and I wanna drop for JEE18?	What should I do if my parents can't afford JEE coaching and I want to drop for JEE18?
What is the most crucial lessons life has taught you?	What has your life taught you so far?
How do I support a friend who wants to quit smoking?	How do I get my friend to quit smoking?
In ₹2000 note GPS nano chip is there or not?	Does the 2000 note have a chip inside for its tracking?
How do you get over social anxiety?	What are the best ways to overcome my social anxiety?
Why does the sky appear to be green when there is an impending tornado?	What are the reasons why the sky turns green before a tornado?
What is difference between analog and digital signal?	What is the difference between digital signal and analog signal?
What is the simplest way to die without pain?	What is the easiest way to die without pain?
What is turbulence?	What creates turbulence?
Why do billionaires work?	Why do billionaires keep working?
How accurate is Neil deGrasse Tyson's Cosmos?	What are the inaccuracies in Neil deGrasse Tyson's Cosmos series?
In what ways would a Donald Trump presidency be good for America?	What positive change would a Donald Trump presidency bring?
Which are some of the conspiracy theories that later on proved to be true?	What are the best examples of conspiracy theories that turned out to be true?
Why do I get so many ulcers in my mouth?	Why do we get ulcers in the mouth?
What is Plato's Republic about?	What is Plato's ploitical philisophy?
What is it like to be in a mental hospital?	What is it like to be a patient at a mental health ward/hospital?
What video game would you like to live in?	What video game world would you want to live in?
What does the phrase "per se" mean?	What does "per se" mean?
Who will win 2017 Uttar Pradesh Election and why?	Which party is going to win the 2017 elections in Uttar Pradesh?
How can I stop loving someone?	How do you stop loving someone? Can you control who you love?
Why is 10:10 usually the Default Setting for Clocks and Watches in most advertisements and showrooms?	Why do advertisements often use the time 10:10 on clocks and watches?
Why do you think there were no Chinese in Rio Olympics closing ceremony?	Why do we not seen the Chinese player in the Retrospective film of RIO Closing ceremony?
How is parfum/perfume made?	How are men's perfumes made?
If dark and vacuum energy are created with expansion is there potential energy that transforms into these types of energy with expansion?	Since more and more dark energy appears does this mean that it is infinite or that the potential dark energy that can be created is infinite?
What is the best phone I can buy under the price of 15000?	Which is the best phone to buy within Rs.15000?
What if I accidentally follow someone I've blocked?	What happens if I accidentally follow someone I've blocked?
What is it like having twins?	What is it like having a twin?
What are some tips for applying for scholarships?	How do you sign up for scholarships?
Which is the best intelligence agency across the world?	What is the world's best intelligence service?
What are the best ways to make money online?	How can I make money online consistently?
What is the best protein powder out there?	Which protein powder is the best?
How can I find an idea for Artificial intelligence project?	What is a good idea for an artificial intelligence project?
What are the safety precautions on handling shotguns proposed by the NRA in North Carolina?	What are the safety precautions on handling shotguns proposed by the NRA in New Hampshire?
How do I hack Hungry Shark World?	How can I hack Hungry Shark World game?
Why do people ask so many Googleable questions on Quora?	Why do many Quora users ask questions they could look up online?
What are some good movies like Sherlock Holmes?	What are the best mystery movies like Sherlock Holmes?
How can I do the impossible?	What is the best way to do the impossible?
What skills are required to work in a hedge fund?	What are the skills required for hedge fund jobs?
Why is Spotify nott available in India?	When will Spotify launch in India?
What is the difference between netbook and laptop?	How can you compare and contrast a netbook and a laptop?
What is the best method of losing weight?	Can you give me some advice on losing weight?
What is the most important thing in your life?	What is the most interesting thing you have done in your life?
What is the best degree for entrepreneurs?	What is the best degree for an entrepreneur?
Is the climate an hoax?	Why is climate change seen as a big hoax?
How would you take over the world?	How can I take over the world?
What was your reaction when you came to know that your wife /girlfriend was pregnant?	What was your reaction when your wife told you she was pregnant?
Why do people always ask each and every silly question on Quora?	Why do people ask such stupid questions on Quora?
Will life get better eventually?	Will life get better?
How much time for sleep does one need in a day?	How much sleep is required?
Is it good to shop from ebay?	Is it good to buy from ebay?
Why did Modi introduce a 2000 rupee note?	Why did RBI introduce 2000 rupee notes?
What are some life changing ideas to make things better?	What is a list of things I should do every day to make my life better?
Why do I feel guilty without any reason?	Why do I feel guilty sometimes without a reason?
How secure is my iPhone?	How secure is the iPhone?
Is our perception of color an intrinsic property of the object or a product of our minds?	Is color an inherent property in objects or is it a product of the mind?
How do I improve my English speaking?	What is best way to learn English speaking?
What is the procedure to start our own country?	How would you start a new country?
What are the most inspirational stories ever told?	What are the most inspirational stories?
How do I become a more respectful and calmer person?	How do I become a calmer and more relaxed person?
Where can I practice online for SSC CGL 2016 mock tests? Are these test series paid?	Where can I find mock test papers for SSC CGL tier 2?
Why we need Antivirus for computer?	Why do I need malware protection?
What are the ways to get merchant account/ payment gateway for technical support business?	What are the ways to get merchant account / payment gateway for tech support business?
How do I find the purpose of a life?	How do you find your passion and purpose in life?
What is the best way to teach your child the multiplication table?	What is the best way to teach a child the times/multiplication tables?
How can an ordinary person make the world a better place?	How can we make the world a better place?
What is the primary cause of voter apathy? What's the difference between voter apathy and voter fatigue?	What's the difference between voter apathy and voter fatigue?
What are the best and quickest ways to reduce stress?	What is the effective ways of reducing stress?
What is it about the Collatz Conjecture that makes it so hard to resolve?	Why is the Collatz conjecture so hard to prove?
Can you see a psychologist online with Medicaid?	How can you see a psychologist online with Medicaid?
How do I beat boredom?	How can I escape boredom?
I forgot my Gmail password and my recovery Gmail phone number is closed how can I recover my Gmail account?	How do I reset my password for old Gmail account?
How can I be better at sex?	How do I become better at sex?
Which is the best phone below 15000?	Which are best mobile phones to buy under 15000?
How can I get inbound campaigns for my call center?	How could I find a campaign for my call center?
Where can I found modern colours and textures for floor tiles in Sydney?	Where can I get list of stylish collection of designer floor tiles in Sydney?
Which is the ideal age to marry for a man?	When is the right time to marry for a man?
Is the "magic bullet" theory, put forward by the Warren Commission to support the lone shooter theory for JFK's assassination, even physically possible?	Is the "magic bullet" theory, put forward by the Warren Commission to support the lone shooter theory for JFK's assassination, even possible?
How do I get accepted into Cambridge University?	How does one get into Cambridge University?
What is the best sniper rifle?	What is the best sniper rifle? What should I consider before buying it?
How do I get rid of my lisp?	How do I get rid of a lisp?
How do l improve my communication skills?	How can I learn communication skills?
How can I clean and maintain the skin on my face?	How do I maintain our face clean and oily less?
How can I make money from YouTube?	Can I make money by uploading videos on YouTube (if I have subscribers)?
What can I do to increase penis size?	How can I increase girth of my penis?
Which mobile phone should I buy under Rs.15000?	Which is the best phone to buy within Rs.15000?
What are project topics for construction engineering and management?	What are the project topics in construction management?
How many minutes does it take the average person to walk one mile?	How long does it take for a person to walk a mile?
What is the best book of SSC CGL?	Which is the best English book to prepare for SSC CGL?
How do I practice as a specialized doctor in Australia after studying in India for an MD?	What are the prospects for an Indian doctor to migrate to Australia after doing Super Speciality in India?
Are there any good podcasts you can recommend?	What podcasts do you listen to?
Why do you like asking questions on Quora instead of searching on google?	How is Quora better than Google?
How can I delete apps from my Samsung Smart TV?	How can I uninstall apps on my Samsung Smart TV?
Why do some people struggle so hard in life and still don't get rewarded? Why is life for some people so unfair?	Why do some people get everything easily and some people work hard and struggle for years to get what they deserve?
What are the career option and job opportunities for mechanical engineering graduate student in Germany?	Is there any jobs for mechanical graduate students in Germany?
Does Donald Trump know his hair and and skin doesn't look good?	Has anyone told Donald trump his hair looks terrible?
RBI release the 2000 note? It is true?	Is RBI going to launch Rs 2000 notes?
How do Iconnect Mobile Phone to HP laptop if it's not connecting?	How do I connect Mobile Phone to HP laptop if it's not connecting?
Why do people believe in heaven?	Why do people believe in heaven and hell?
What is the best way to reduce fever naturally?	How can you reduce a fever naturally?
What is the best way to start learning Philosophy?	How do I start learning Philosophy?
How do I overcome Social Anxiety?Please help.	What's the best way to overcome social anxiety and gain confidence?
How do I get rid of anxiety and depression?	How can I get rid of my anxiety and depression?
How can I improve my grades?	How can I get better grades?
How do I improve my English with creative writing skills?	How do I improve my English writing skills?
How good is doing an MS at Canada in computer science? What will be the total cost including the stay?	How good are the universities in Canada for doing my Master's in computer science?
What are stupid things you have done?	What stupid things have you done?
How do I study organic chemistry for NEET?	From where should I study organic chemistry for neet?
Who do you think would win the 2016 USA Election?	Who do you think will win Trump or Clinton?
What are the best possible ways to learn networking and Linux basics?	How do I learn networking with linux?
Why does Quora allow others to edit my questions?	Why is Quora Satanically altering my questions?
What is the best material for Hadoop?	What are the best sources for learning Hadoop?
How can I meet hrithik roshan?	How do I meet Hrithik Roshan?
Which algorithms and Data structures are used most in real world problems and production softwares?	Which algorithms and data structures are encountered in most software jobs?
Why is manaphy whining?	Why is Manaphy so whiny?
Why can't we make artificial blood?	Why we can't make artificial blood?
Do keywords and meta tags still important and matters in SEO?	Is keyword ranking still important in SEO?
What is the best online coach for medical post-graduate entrance exam preparation?	Which is the best coaching centre for a post graduate medical entrance exam in Chennai?
Who actually invented Quora?	Who created Quora?
How can I write a essay?	Why can't I write good essay?
How does diabetic ketoacidosis affect the human brain?	How does ketoacidosis affect the human brain?
How do we know the purpose of our life?	How do you find your passion and purpose in life?
How do I stop worrying about what others think of me?	How do I not worry about what others think or compare myself with them?
What is Quickbooks tech support number in Arizona?	Which is the best QuickBooks Tech Support Number in Texas?
Where can I meet British people in Ontario Canada?	Where can I meet British women in Ontario?
For you what is the meaning of life?	What is the meaning and purpose to life?
How can I get a patent for my really effective innovative ideas?	How do I get Patent Rights for my concept?
What is the best audio editing software?	What are some good audio editing software?
What are the best online sites to learn computer programming?	Which are the best websites to learn computer programming and web programming?
What makes salt able to melt ice?	How does salt melt ice and snow so quickly?
What is identity function?	What is an identity function?
Which book is Elon Musk reading now?	What does Elon Musk read?
What is the best book on digital marketing?	Which are the best books on digital marketing?
Can a person working as a web developer be considered as software developer?	Are Web Developers also considered to be software Developers?
Why do people feel happy when they become popular?	Why does people feel happy when they become popular?
Is Trump retreating from his promise to build a wall?	Is Trump really going to build his wall?
How can I get better grades in school?	How can I get better grades?
How many iOS and Android users are there in China?	How many Android or iOS users does China have respectively?
How can I keep my room cooler in the summer?	How do I keep my room cool in summer?
What song do you have stuck in your head right now?	What song can you not get out of your head today? Why?
Why are many economists against demonetization?	Why are many leading economists sceptical about demonetisation success?
How do I get smooth legs?	How does one get smooth legs?
Which is a relatively easy musical instrument to pick up and start learning?	Which instrument is easy to learn?
How do I learn to write grammatically correct english?	How can I learn to write grammatically correct English?
What are tracer rounds? Are they legal for the public to possess in the state of Connecticut?	What are tracer rounds? Are they legal for the public to possess in the state of Alaska?
How I study comparative politics?	How does one study comparative politics?
What are the technical skills required to get placed in core company of biotechnology?	What IT or Technology/Engineering skills are required for biotechnology?
What major challenges does India face in implementing a Uniform Civil Code for all religions?	What are going to be the merits and demerits of implementing uniform civil code in India?
Is there any solid evidence to suggest that there is life after death?	Is there any tangible evidence for life after death?
Are traditional news outlets being replaced by internet news and social media news platforms?	Social Media is Replacing Traditional Journalism as a News Source?
How do I escape from depression without going to therapists?	How do I overcome depression without psychiatric help?
I'm going to be meeting Richard Dawkins soon. What should I ask?	I'm going to meet Richard Dawkins soon. What should I ask?
What do you do to relieve your stress?	What can I do to relieve stress?
How can we measure the height of mountain?	How do they measure the height of a mountain?
What are the best ways to teach kids how to read?	How do you teach a 4 year old toddler to read?
What are the best online courses for digital marketing?	How is this online course on digital marketing?
How can I stop being so desperate to have a girlfriend?	How do I stop being desperate for a relationship?
How should I monetise my blog?	What is the best way to monetise a blog?
What is the other planet after Pluto?	Which is the 10th planet after pluto?
What is the easiest way to make a little money online?	How can I start to make money online?
How do I become male fitness model?	Can I ever become a male fitness model?
Why do people fear deep water?	Why are some people scared of deep water?
How do I recover deleted direct messages from Instagram?	How do I recover deleted direct messages on Instagram?
Can you see who viewed your Instagram?	Who views Instagram?
What is Islamic banking and why does the RBI want it in India?	What is the meaning of Islamic banking or Islamic window? Why RBI is considering this type of banking system for conventional banks?
What are the best novels in English?	What is the best novel in English?
Which topic is the most followed in Quora?	What are the most followed topics on Quora?
What do you think will be the effect of Modi Government's decision of invalidating the RS 500 and RS 1000 notes?	What do you think about the ban on 500 and 1000 denomination notes in India?
Why does my lava lamp not move? How can I fix it?	Why won't my lava lamp turn to its lava state again?
Why is the Philippines still poor?	Why is the Philippines poor?
How can I get rid of cellulite on my stomach?	Why do people have cellulite and how do you get rid of it?
What is the best method to learn new language?	How can I learn any new language quickly?
How can you enlarge your penis?	How can I enlarge my penis?
How do I get rid of the fats covering my muscles all over my body?	How do I get rid of body fat?
How can I increase my intelligence?	What are the best ways to improve my intelligence?
Is there another civil war coming?	Is America going to have another civil war?
How do we allocate memory for a structure and array in C?	How do I dynamically allocate a 1D in C?
Which Indian startups are currently making profits?	Which Indian startups are really making some profit?
What’s the difference between being happy and being peaceful?	What is the difference between being happy and having peace?
What is the best joke ever heard?	Tell a joke that the funniest you have heard?
Where can I get good quality weed in Delhi?	Where I can find some good quality weed in New Delhi?
How do I hack clash of Clans without uninstalling?	How can I hack Clash of Clans?
What does a QA engineer do?	What should a QA engineer be doing?
There are few people who can read your mind.How to read someone's mind correctly? Are there any techniques available to read someone's mind?	How can we read someone's mind?
What is the point of wasps?	What is the point in wasps?
What is the best building in the world?	Which is the best building in the world?
How is it like living in Hawaii?	What is it like to live in Hawaii?
What proof do you have that God does not exist?	What evidence do we have that God doesn't exist?
What is the story behind your country's flag?	What are the best stories behind a country's flag?
How can I contact Jay Carney?	What are the best ways to contact Jay Carney?
When was the "seven Years War"? How was Canada Involved?	What was the "Seven Years War"? How did it impact Canada?
How do I survive a shooting massacre or terrorist attack in a city?	How do I survive shooting massacre or terrorist attack in a city?
How did african americans get their surname?	How did former slaves get their surname?
Beer: What is Pilsner? How does it taste?	Beer: What is Pilsner?
Are mediums real?	Are mediums real or not?
What are some good low carb recipes?	What are so low carb recipes that are actually good?
What's the best way to start learning robotics?	What is the best way to start with robotics?
Why do people keep asking questions on Quora even though the most of the information is available out there on Google?	Why do people ask questions on Quora that can easily be answered by Google?
What is the difference between scripting languages and object oriented programming languages?	What are scripting languages and programming languages?
What does a flashing yellow traffic light mean in the US?	What does a flashing yellow indicate at an intersection?
Which is your favourite anime and why?	What's your favourite anime? And why?
What is Apple TV? What are the pros and cons?	What are some pros and cons of Apple TV?
Can an international student in F-1 visa sign up for Uber and work part time in US?	Can I drive for Uber with my H1-B work visa or F1 student visa in the US?
How can I know if my wife is a cheater?	How do I find out my wife is cheating?
Should the US apologise to Japan for the bombing of Hiroshima and Nagasaki?	Why did USA never apolgize to Japan for bombing them?
How do you safely use the broiler on your oven?	How do you safely use the broiler gas on the oven?
Which are the best books for bank exam?	What are best books for bank exams?
What are the trickiest questions asked in an interview?	What are some of the most interesting and difficult questions asked in job interviews and what are their answers?
What are you favorite book?	Which is your favorite book?
How can we earn money online without investment?	How can I make money online consistently?
How do I deal with extreme Social anxiety disorder?	What's the best advice you could give to a person suffering from social anxiety disorder?
How can I improve my English speaking .?	How can I improve my English in a very short time?
What are the five best movies of all time?	What are the 5 best movies of all time?
What happens when we make too many mistakes?	What happens when you make mistakes?
How we start preparation for IAS?	How should I start my preparation for IAS as an engineering student?
What are the perks of being an IAS officer? What are the job pressures? How much do they earn?	What are the perks of being an IAS officer?
What are some tips for moving to a new house with children and teens?	What is Tips to Help Your Children Cope With the Transition of Moving and Relocating?
What is the easiest way to lose weight faster?	How can someone lose weight quickly?
How do I prepare for eLitmus exam? Is it useful?	When should I take the eLitmus test and how should I prepare for it?
Which is the best restaurant in Bangalore?	What are some of the best restaurants in Bangalore?
How we start preparation for IAS?	How do I start IAS preparation along with BE engineering?
What should I do to get a glowing skin?	How do I get a glow skin?
How do I get over persistent or treatment resistant depression?	How can I cure my treatment resistant depression?
Why do I get sad when it rains?	Why do I get so depressed when it rains?
How can I get traffic on website?	What is the best way to get traffic on your website?
How do I hire a good Private investigator?	How do I hire a professional private investigator?
What's your favorite song now?	Music: What's your favourite song at the moment?
What is best strategy for study?	How should I study?
How could I be fluent in English?	How can I speak fluent English with accuracy?
What is the right way to be a good web developer?	What is the right way to be great web developer?
How can I control my emotions and actions?	How can I control emotional stress?
Can I learn martial arts on my own?	How can I learn martial arts by myself?
Daniel Ek: When is Spotify coming to india?	Daniel Ek: When will spotify be available in India?
How do I prepare for board exams?	How should I prepare for board exam?
What is the difference between a front-end developer and back-end developer?	What is front-end and back-end of a website?
How can I introduce the surface area of cuboid by using real life situations?	What are the applications of surface area in real life?
What is your review of Fantastic Beasts And Where To Find Them (movie)?	What is the review of Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them movie?
How can I improve my writing skills and blog style?	How do I improve writing skills.?
How will Trump's presidency affect the Indian students who are planning to study in the US?	How will Donald Trump's presidency affect international students?
How can I improve my communication skill and English proficiency?	How can we improve our English language skills?
Why do people ask questions here in Quora instead of just googling?	Why do so many people ask things on Quora that they could just as easily Google?
Which according to you is the best movie of all time? Select only one choice.	Which are best movie in history?
Where did the big bang take place?	What is there now at the point where the big bang originated?
Why some people get everything very easily and some don't get even after so much hard work?	Why do non-deserving people get everything and those who do struggle very hard for years?
What would happen if an astronaut dies in space while on ISS?	What will happen if someone died in the ISS?
How do I earn money online?	Can I make money online?
Why can you not accelerate to faster than light?	Why I can't go faster than light?
What should do to concentrate for exam?	What should we do to concentrate in exams?
What was your first oral sex experience like?	What is your First oral sex experience look like?
Evolution (process): How does natural selection work?	What are the best ways to explain evolution by natural selection?
What is the best way to decide what career to follow?	What is the best way to find a career which suits me?
How can you improve your communication skill?	How can I improve my communication skills specially pronunciation skill?
Who on Quora has made the most accurate predictions?	What are some good predictions that were made on Quora that came true?
What is a summary of Joan Aiken "Searching for Summer"?	What is a summary of Joan Aiken's "Searching for Summer"?
What is your best Hollywood movie and why?	Which are the best Hollywood movies of all time?
Do you think corruption and black money would spread even faster with the introduction of 2000 rupee and new 500 rupee notes?	Do you think the 2000 rupee notes will increase black money?
Does UPS make Christmas eve deliveries?	What time does UPS stop delivering on Christmas Eve?
I'm 18. How can I make money online?	Is there any easy way to make money online?
What are some examples of dicot plants?	What are dicot plants? What are some examples?
Which programming language should I learn first?	Which programming language should I try to learn first?
Is being atheist a sin in India?	Is being an atheist in India still considered a sin?
Why can't I get my Quora feed to not show me Donald Trump questions?	How do I stop the donald trump questions on my Quora feed?
How do I increase my height after 22?	How do I increase the height?
What songs should I listen to during my workout?	What is the best motivational music one should listen to during a workout?
Where can I get greatest lanyards at the most pocket friendly prices in Melbourne?	Where can I get very reasonable for any promotional lanyards in Melbourne?
What did someone catch you doing that was the most embarrassing thing in your life?	Which is the most embarrassing thing in your life?
What some best horror movies?	What are the best horror movies?
What are the books used for GATE preparation?	What books should I use to prepare for the GATE exam?
What is the meaning of life? Whats our purpose on Earth?	What should the purpose of your life?
How can I overcome negative and depressive thoughts and how can I be positive in life?	How do I overcome with negative and depressive thoughts and to be positive?
How should I react when people are rude to me?	How do I react to people who are rude to you?
Why is attempting suicide considered a crime?	Why is attempting suicide a crime?
How can I increase my height after 21 also?	How girls can increase their height after 18 years?
Why is the symbol "I" used to denote current?	Why is I the symbol for electric current?
How do I end an affair with an older married man? We are both in our 70s?	How do I end an affair with a married man?
How important it is to have a role model in your life?	How important is to have a role model and did you have one in your life?
What is 4k resolution?	What does 4k resolution mean?
Who will win in America presidential elections in 2016?	Who will win the 2016 presidential elections?
What are the safety precautions on handling shotguns proposed by the NRA in Michigan?	What are the safety precautions on handling shotguns ?
How can I enlarge my penis?	How can I got a big penis?
Does anyone in Quora have any real ghost experiences?	Have you ever seen ghost in your real life?
What is the male version of a mistress?	What is the word that describes the male version of a mistress?
What's the best way to make money using social media?	How can you make money using social media?
Are plants and trees considered living things?	Why are trees considered as living things?
Are baking soda and baking powder the same thing?	What is the difference between baking powder and baking soda?
Which country do you think is better overall- UK or USA?	Why is UK better than USA?
How do I approach a girl in college?	How do I approach girl in college?
What would be your New Year resolutions for 2017?	What are your New Years resolutions for 2017?
Why should Kashmir stay in India?	Why should Kashmir stay as a part of India?
Is World War III coming?	Can World War 3 ever take place?
What is the expectations from share market? Will it tank down further below and if it sinks by how much	What is the expectations from share market? Will it tank down further below and if it sinks then by what time?
What is the best book to read to learn Java?	What is the best book for core Java for beginners?
What are some of your favorite blogs and why?	What are your favorite blogs?
What is everyone's favorite movie?	What are your favorite movies and why?
What's the best decision you've ever made?	What has been the best decision you have made in life?
Can we actually be able to control gravity?	Will we ever be able to control gravity?
How do you decide on how much shares to give your investor?	How much equity should I give to investors willing to support my startup?
What is dynamic voltage restorer?	How does dynamic voltage restorer works?
What is difference between supercharging and turbocharging?	What is the difference between supercharger and turbocharger?
Can receiving end current be greater than sending end current in medium transmission lines?	Can the sending end current be smaller than receiving end current in medium transmission line for 100 MVA load?
Where should I apply for a job as an inexperienced mechanical engineer?	Where do I apply for mechanical engineering jobs?
How do you find out if your son is gay or not?	How do I find out if my son is gay?
How many golf ball can fit in this room?	How many golf balls would fit this room?
Daniel Ek: When an we expect Spotify in India?	Why hasn't Daniel Ek brought Spotify to India?
What is the evidence that India carried out surgical strikes in PoK? What made the world deny India's claim?	Were the surgical strikes carried out or not?
What are your favorite songs?	What is your favorite song or what song do you recommend?
How do I let myself fall in love again?	How can I get the courage to fall in love again?
Does porn harm your sex life?	Does porn ruin sex lives?
Whats the best hack for Pokémon GO?	How can I hack Pokemon Go?
Why has Quora flagged this question as needing improvement?	Why is every question I post on Quora marked as needing clarification?
How do I view someones previous/old Instagram profile pictures?	How do you view previous/old Instagram profile pictures?
How do I make my game?	How do I make a game?
How do credit card companies earn?	How do credit card companies make money?
How can I use affirmations?	How do I use affirmations?
Is shaving a good way to get more facial hair?	How does one grow facial hair?
How can I access research papers for free?	How do I access research journals for free?
What are the best way to gain confidence?	How do I gain confidence?
Who will win upcoming election of USA?	Who do you think will win the U.S. election in November?
What's the best way to report identity theft?	How do I report identity theft?
What are the 10 best songs that collectively define Led Zeppelin?	What are the best Led Zeppelin songs of all time?
What is the healthiest food I can snack on throughout the day? Must be fairly affordable + fairly tasty.	What is the healthiest food I can compulsively snack on?
Which are the best books to prepare for IAS exam?	Which are the best books for ias preliminary exam preparation?
Where can I get a U.S. family office database?	Where can I find a U.S. family office database?
How exactly does cold fusion work?	How could cold fusion work?
How do I get Trump-related content off my Quora feed?	How do I stop the donald trump questions on my Quora feed?
What is the difference between while and do while?	What is the difference between while & do while?
How is an iPhone better than a normal Android phone?	What makes iPhone better than Android phones?
What's the best resource to learn about web scraping from scratch?	What's the best resource to learn about web scraping?
How could I improve my English pronunciation?	How can l improve my English？?
How can I make friends on Twitter?	What is the best way to make friends on twitter?
What has been the best decision you have made in life?	What's the best decision you ever made?
What is the best answer of "why should I hire you"?	What are the best answers to "why should I hire you" in bank interview?
How could I increase my height?	How do I increase my height?
How should I loose weight?	How can I lose 4kg weight?
Is Elon Musk right in saying most academic papers are useless?	Is Elon Musk right in saying that academic papers are useless?
What is one thing you believe to be true that most do not?	What are some of the things you believe that most people don't?
Why has no one managed to kill Bashar al-Assad?	Why has no one succeeded in assassinating Bashar al-Assad?
How can I be a YouTuber?	How can I become a YouTuber?
Installing OS X to external hard drive - will my data be there?	If I install OS X on an external hard drive will my data on the other partition be safe?
How does the waist trainer work?	Do waist trainers work?
What is a responsive website?	What does a responsive website mean?
What are some of the epic scenes of Friends (TV Series)?	What are some epic scenes in FRIENDS?
Which is the best book for java programming?	What is the best book for learning Java for beginner?
Why is coding not the new literacy?	Is programming the new literacy?
What is a participatory note?	What are participatory notes?
What's the best language in the world? And why?	What is the best language in the world and why?
Can you hide friends from you Facebook friend list?	How can I hide my friend list in my Facebook?
Are you single?	Are you single? Why?
What are the best places to explore alone in Pune on the weekends?	What are the best places one must visit in Pune at weekends?
What are the chances of getting pregnant 3 days after the period is over?	Can i get pregnant the day after my period ends?
Which are some of your favourite TV series?	What is you favorite TV program?
How would anarchism work?	How does anarchim work?
How soon can you test for pregnancy after ovulation?	How many days after conception can you take a pregnancy test for it to be accurate?
What are the best places to learn code?	Where's the best place to learn how to code?
What are the best providers for online courses?	What are some of the best online course providers?
Is there any way I can get a list of all of my Gmail accounts?	How can I get a complete list of all old Gmail accounts in my name?
Can anyone hack Google?	Can anyone literally hack Google?
What do you mean by bank reconciliation statement?	What is bank reconciliation?
Is sex more pleasurable for men or for women?	Who have more pleasure during sex-men or women?
What are your favorite books?	What is your all time favorite book?
How we can study faster?	How can I study faster and more efficiently?
Narendra Modi: How was Narendra Modi in childhood?	Narendra Modi's childhood: What was Narendra Modi like when he was young?
Instant Call! |! ^1800::251::4919 ^! |! Avast Antivirus Tech Support Customer care Service Phone Number?	Instant Talk@^! ^180.0@*2.51@*4.919 #Get Avast Antivirus Tech Support Phone number?
What is the best time to visit Kerala and what are the places to visit in a span of 8 days?	What are the must places to visit in Kerala (6-7 days)?
Was the Suicide Squad movie good in your opinion?	Is Suicide Squad a good movie?
How aeroplanes fly?	How do aircrafts fly?
What is the best way to lose weight and not gain it back?	The best way for weight loss?
How I become the topper in class 12?	How do I study so that I can become topper in 12 boards?
What kind of life do commercial pilots have?	What is work and life like for commercial pilots?
What is the right time to stop trying?	How can I know it's time to stop trying?
What are some ways to learn how to forgive yourself?	How do you finally forgive yourself?
What are the best new inventions that most people don't know about?	What are the best new products tools or inventions that most people don't know about?
How will the recent move to declare 500 and 1000 denomination notes illegal will curb black money?	How does discontinuing 500 and 1000 rupee notes help curb corruption in India?
What are the best tips to crack the GRE with good scores?	What are the steps to crack GRE with good scores?
How much more advanced is the India's IRNSS-NAVIC when compared to GPS?	Will IRNSS be more accurate than GPS?
What are the safety precautions on handling shotguns proposed by the NRA in Alaska?	What are the safety precautions on handling shotguns proposed by the NRA in Maryland?
How do I save money while online shopping?	What are the online money saving shopping hacks?
What are negative calories?	What is the concept of negative calories?
How can I get an internship at Apple?	How can I gain an internship at Apple?
What is the difference between the Arduino Nano and the Arduino Uno?	What is the difference between Arduino Nano and Arduino Uno?
What is the purpose of human life in the world?	What is the purpose we serve being human on Earth?
What are the most annoying questions that you feel ridiculous in Quora?	What are the most annoying questions that you come across in Quora?
Why does Quora limit freedom of speech so much?	Is there freedom of speech on Quora?
What is the exact difference between supercharger & turbocharger?	What is the difference between a super charger and turbocharger?
What's the best way to break up with someone?	How do I Break up with fiancé?
What is the difference between the Scripting language and programming languages?	What's the difference between a programming language and a scripting language?
How is the education system in China?	What do you think of the education system in China?
What is Yorker in cricket?	What is a yorker ball?
What is the best book for core Java for beginners?	What is the best Java book for beginners?
How do I increase my decision making power?	How can I improve my decision making skill?
What are working hours like in Singapore?	What are the average working hours in Singapore?
What is an example of real life linear equation?	What is a real life example of linear equation?
What would the world be like if the Nazi Germany had won WW2?	What would have happened if Nazi Germany won WW2?
Royal enfield which bike is better?	Which is the best bike in royal Enfield?
Did a country really gain anything from demonetization in terms of curbing black money?	Is money demonetisation really working for black money?
What are the Interesting facts about Nepal?	What are some of the amazing facts about the country Nepal?
What are the best ways to stop fidgeting?	How can I stop fidgeting?
What's the best morning routine?	What is the best morning routine?
Does girls like big penis?	Do girls prefer big penis?
What is the fee structure in IIMS?	What is the fee structure for IIMs?
How can I hack the mobile phones of my friends?	How can I hack my phone?
How do I view someone's private Instagram pictures?	Can I view a private Instagram?
What is uniform civil code and how is necessary for India?	What will be the benefits of uniform civil code?
Why do some people use Quora when a dictionary or Google could be used instead?	Why use Quora if you can google?
What are the best new inventions that most people don't know about?	What are some interesting new inventions that exist?
What's the quickest and most painless way to commit suicide?	Is there some painless way to suicide?
How can I overcome fear of social interactions with new people?	How do I overcome fear of social interaction?
Which is the best smartphone by look under Rs 15000?	Which is the best smartphone to buy in august 2016 under Rs. 15000?
What is your biggest regret of your life?	What is your biggest regret for not doing something?
What is the best way to get rid of acne?	How can I get rid from my acnes?
What is it like to visit India?	What's it like to visit India?
What social networks do you use on a daily basis?	What social network do you use the most on a daily basis?
Why should one be proud to be an Indian?	Why are you proud of being Indian?
What is the the best way to learn programming?	From where can I learn programming?
How can I reset my password from Instagram?	How do I reset my password for my Instagram account?
Why did Tata Sons removed/sacked Cyrus Mistry as the chairman?	Why was cyrus mistry sacked?
Why did MSD leave the ODI captaincy?	Why did MS Dhoni quit ODI and T20 captaincy?
Why did crop circles start appearing?	How do sophisticated patterns of crop circles actually come about?
How do I improve my credit score?	What is the best way to build a credit score?
How can I become a better problem solver? What mindset should I cultivate?	How can I become more creative/interdisciplinary in my problem solving?
Who invented the boat?	Who invented boats?
How do I change the date of birth on my birth certificate?	How do I correct date of birth in birth certificate?
Why does water taste bad after 2 days?	Why does water taste bad after sitting out for a few days?
What dog food brand is best for yorkie puppies?	What are the best food brands for a Husky puppy?
What is the most overrated film of all time?	What are the most overrated films of all time?
What will be your new year resolution for 2017 and your plan of execution?	What are some meaningful new year resolutions for 2017?
How do I stop beard from growing?	How do I stop beard growth?
How do I tell my colleagues that i don't want to party with them?	How do I tell my colleagues politely that i don't want to party with them?
How do I stop over masturbation?	How can I stop watching porn?
How can I hack whatsapp?	How do I hack WhatsApp online?
What programming language should I learn if I want to do a 2D MMORPG game?	What is the best programming language to learn in order to rapidly develop video games?
What is it like for a woman to have large breasts?	How does it feel like to have large breasts?
What motivated the English Great Vowel Shift?	What are the origins of the Great Vowel Shift?
What are some of the best gaming laptops under rs 60000 that are available in india?	Which is the best gaming laptop under 60k INR?
How is lipstick made?	What is lipstick made of?
How is the printing of new currency note like Rs 2000 going to help in curbing future black money market?	How is replacing 1000 rs notes with 2000 rs notes going to make black money hoarding a lot harder?
What would Madonna dress like in the 1870's?	How would Madonna dress in the U.S. in the 1870's?
What is two-way data binding?	What is two-way data-binding in Angular?
How should I prepare for a campus interview?	What should we do to face campus interviews?
Is Harry Potter supposed to be attractive?	Is Harry Potter attractive?
What are some common misconceptions about Israelis?	What is the most common misconception about Israel?
Is interface theory of perception a satisfying theory?	Is Donald Hoffman’s interface theory of perception true?
Which book is best for organic chemistry for JEE?	Which book is the best for organic chemistry for JEE?
Who will win the 2016 presidential election?	Who do you think is going to win the 2016 presidential election?
How do you fix a stuck iphone button?	How do I fix my stuck power button?
What are barrier islands? How do they protect the mainlands?	How do barrier islands protect the mainland?
What is the best social networking software?	What is best social networking software?
Will Balochistan become another Bangladesh?	Is Balochistan another Bangladesh in the making?
What phone should I buy under Rs 15000?	Which phone is best under 15k?
Where can I find an online course for digital marketing?	Will digital marketing a good course to learn?
What are some of the applications of Machine Learning in Robotics/Computer Vision?	What are some of the applications of Machine Learning in Robotics/Computer Vision.?
Where can I get necessary advice for any property transaction in Sydney?	Where can I get best property transaction support in Sydney?
How should I learn hacking by myself?	How can I learn hacking?
How do I delete a Quora question?	How do delete Quora quesitons?
What is the Expected cutoff for KVPY SA stream 2016?	What is the KVPY SA expected cut off for 2016?
Why do I forget my dreams?	Why do we forget dreams so quickly?
What are three things that highly proactive people do on a daily basis?	What are 3 habits that highly productive people have on a daily basis?
What can I do if I'm not good at anything?	What should I do if I am not good at anything?
How do I quit drinking alcohol without going to AA?	How can I quit drinking without AA?
How do I assigned vst to midi controller in FL studio?	How do I assigne vst to midi controller in FL studio?
What are some tips for passing the UK driving test?	I am to take my UK driving test (practical) next week. Any tips to pass it in the first attempt?
I forgot my Facebook password and email password. How can I log into Facebook?	How can I deactivate a Facebook account if I forgot the email address and the password?
Do the pills for burning fat works?	When does fat burning pills start working?
When do you predict that Bulgaria will join Schengen?	When will Bulgaria join the schengen?
When will the merit list of tes 36 be declared?	When I can expect the merit list of army tes 36?
Is it possible to breathe liquid oxygen?	Can humans breathe liquid oxygen?
What is the easiest way to make a little money online?	What are some easy ways to make done extra money online?
What would happen if we nuked the moon?	What would happen if we nuke the moon?
Why do bigger animals live longer?	Why do some animals live longer than others?
How do I get an internship in Google?	How can I get an internship at Google?
What is the block diagram of a welding transformer in the finite element method?	What is the block diagram of a welding transformer while doing it in the finite element method?
Do women really like big penises?	Do women like big black cock?
How can you delete a question that you asked on Quora?	How do you delete a question from Quora?
What are the best Smartphones tech gadgets?	Which are the best and the most useful smart phone gadgets?
What would you want people to say about you at your funeral?	What would you want people to say at your funeral?
What is it like to be transgender and regret transitioning at some point?	Do you regret transitioning to another sex?
How do I see who's viewed my Instagram profile?	Can you see who visited your Instagram last?
Which crimes should require a death penalty?	What are some crimes that result in the death penalty?
What is the best question asked on Quora? What was the best answer?	What is the best question one has ever come across in Quora?
Why is the iPhone 6s so expensive?	Why are iPhones so expensive?
What are the best tech companies to work for as a product manager?	What are the best companies for product manager job?
What are the requirements to open medical shop in India?	What is the procedure to open a medical shop (medicine shop) in India?
What should I do if I have swallowed hydrogen peroxide?	What should I do if I accidentally swallowed peroxide?
Do flax seeds aid in weight loss? How should one consume flax seeds to get their maximum benefit?	Does flax seed really help in weight loss?
Can we improve our English by watching Hollywood movies?	Does watching movies really help improve our English speaking skills? What kinds of movies do you prefer?
How do I disappear completely?	How would you disappear completely?
How does Modi's surgical strike on black money impacts common man and economy?	What benefit a common man will get if the black money is exposed?
What is your review of Coding Ninjas?	Reviews of coding ninjas?
How do I recover emails that I deleted forever in Gmail?	How can I recover my emails from my Gmail account?
How is India fighting corruption by scrapping 500 and 1000 rupee notes?	How will the India demonetization of 500 and 1000 rupees notes will reduce black money?
Who is better for India: Donald Trump or Hillary Clinton?	Whose win will be beneficial for India-Donald Trump or Hillary Clinton?
Is it good time to invest in share market?	Is it a good time to invest in the share market?
How do I prepare for the CAT in two months?	How can I prepare for CAT 2016 within two months?
What are good stocks to invest in right now?	What are the best stocks to invest in right now?
What should I do so I wouldn't feel sleepy while I'm studying?	I always feel sleepy when I'm studying. What should I do?
How will it affect international students coming to the US for undergraduation now that Trump has become the President?	Is there any harm for the international students from South Asian countries in America after Trump becoming the President?
What is air turbulence?	What are the scientific explanations for airplane turbulence?
How do I make friends once and for all?	How do I make friend?
What are good ways to learn body language?	What is the best way to learn about body language?
What is email marketing?	What's Email marketing?
How can I use VPN?	How do I use a VPN?
How can you crop a video on Windows?	What is the easiest way to crop a video on Windows?
Which mobile phone is the best under 15k?	What is the best phone to buy below 15k?
Which is the best 200 scored so far in ODI cricket?	Who has scored the best 200 in the history of ODI cricket?
How do I handle a workplace bully who is also the boss?	How do I handle a toxic boss?
Will drinking water ever run out on planet earth?	Will we ever run out of pure drinking water?
What does the LM in LM35 IC mean?	What is LM in LM35 temperature sensor IC?
What is your opinion on PM Narendra Modi's decision to ban INR 500 and INR 1000 notes?	How do you view the Indian government's decision to fight "black money" by scrapping 500 rupee and 1000 rupee notes?
How does one achieve an honorary doctorate?	What is the best way to get a Honorary Doctorate?
If you had to choose one faction from the Divergent series which one would you pick and why?	Which faction (Divergent) would you be in and why?
How did Buddhism became worldwide?	How did Buddhism spread?
Which is the most expensive school in India?	Which is the most costliest school in India?
Why is perpetual motion not possible?	Is it possible to build a perpetual motion machine?
How do you create blog in Quora? What URL shall I use?	How do you make the URL for your blog on Quora?
What was the story behind Veerappan?	What's the story behind Veerappan's Encounter?
How does first time sex feels like?	How does having sex feel for the first time?
How long would it take to create my own operating system?	How difficult is it to create an operating system these days?
Why isn't the Moon spinning?	Why doesn't the Moon spin?
How can I stop feeling so inferior to others?	How do I stop feeling inferior to everyone?
Can we able to send a man to mars before 2020?	Can we able to send a man on mars before 2020?
What are four good electrical insulators?	Which are some good electricity insulators?
Which Team is likely to win IPL 2015?	Which team has more chances of winning IPL 2015?
How much money do Uber drivers make in Bangalore?	How much money do Uber driver make in Bangalore?
Is World War 3 closer than it has ever been?	Do you think we are on the verge of World War III?
What was the best advice you've ever received?	What is the best advice you've received?
What is the meaning of the magnetic quantum number?	What does the magnetic quantum number describe and which values can it have?
Is Forex trading illegal in India? why?	Is Forex trading still illegal in India?
How did you find a job abroad?	How do I get a job abroad?
Why is it so important for Indians to know what other people think about them?	Why do Indians think a lot about what others think?
How was it like to live in East Germany during the communist rule?	What was it like to live in East Germany during the cold war?
What is the secret you have never share with anyone?	What is the one secret you can never share with anyone?
What place should I visit in Gurgaon?	What are places that can be visited in Gurgaon?
What are some horrible things that Hillary Clinton might do if she become president?	How much MORE damage could Hillary Clinton CONTINUE to do if she becomes the President?
What is the biggest mistake you have ever made in your life which you love as well as regret?	What the biggest mistake you've ever made?
Is the 2016 MacBook Pro with Touch Bar a worthy buy?	Is the 2016 MacBook Pro still worth it (as opposed to a high end PC)?
What are the cons of Hillary becoming our next president?	What are pros and cons of Hillary Clinton?
Do participles always have helping verbs?	Does a participle always need to be coupled with helping verbs?
Why don't Quora users simply use Google first before asking a question?	Why should we use Quora when we can Google everything?
How often do young women masturbate?	How often girls masturbate?
How can I lose weight loss?	How can I lose 25 kg?
How can i learn web programming in one month?	How can I learn web programming from home free and effectively?
What is a Ponzi scheme and why do people believe Social Security is one?	Is social security a pyramid scheme?
What is the difference between a substance and a mixture?	What is the difference between mixtures and substances?
How do I lose stubborn belly fat?	What are some good ways to get rid of belly fat?
What is the most correct religion?	Which Religion is most correct one and Why?
What do I do when nothing goes right in life?	What do I do when everything goes wrong in my life?
Where is the Best place to stay in Goa?	Which is the best hotel to stay in Goa?
What was the best motivational story you have ever heard?	What are the best inspirational stories that you ever heard?
What is the best room temperature for productivity?	What temperature should an office be set at for optimal productivity?
How did Britishers help India?	How did Britishers help india during governance?
What is your favourite programming language?	What is your favorite programming language?
What is the effective way to get taller at age of 20?	Is it possible to Increase height or get taller after 20?
Why are the majority of engineering graduates in India unemployed?	Is it true that most engineers in India are unemployed?
How can I gain more followers and improve my Twitter Page and following?	How do I gain Twitter followers?
For you what is the meaning of life?	What is the meaning of "Life"?
How do you have the motvitation to exercise?	How can I become more motivated to exercise?
What do you think about Modi's new policy on the ban of Rs 500 and Rs 1000 notes?	What is your opinion on the discontinuation of 500 and 1000 rupee notes?
How do I edit a question I asked on Quora?	How do I edit my question on Quora when I realize that I misspelled a word?
How can I make a girl fall in love?	I haven't even kissed a girl. How can I make a girl fall in love with me?
Can I increase my height after 20 ? How?	How do I increase our height after 21?
Why do some people ask simple direct science questions in Quora when there are sufficient resources available in internet?	Why do people bother to ask questions on Quora they could just google to get the answer?
How does an author get more views and upvotes on Quora?	What's the best way to get numerous views and upvotes on Quora?
How do I start my first Java project?	How do I start a Java project?
How strong are Germany's armed forces?	How strong are Germany's armed forces today?
How do you know if you are in love or just limerice?	When do you know that you are in love?
Why are Matryoshka dolls important to Russian culture?	What do Matryoshka dolls symbolize?
What are some of the best books ever written?	What are the most important books ever written?
What are the best free ringtones for iPhone?	What are the best free iPhone ringtone apps?
How is the life being an IPS officer?	Is the life of an IPS officer good or not?
What do you think of the decision by the Indian Government to replace 1000 notes with 2000 notes?	Is Modi's decision on demonetization of 500 and 1000 notes welcomed by public?
What are some really good international short film festivals?	What are the best film festival for short films?
How I hack Facebook account?	Can one hack Facebook with software?
What are the differences between Amazon and Alibaba?	What are the differences between buying products from Amazon and Alibaba?
Is it possible to hack someone's whatsapp messages?	How can I hack a WhatsApp account and listen to voice messages?
Why is it so that a very few officers make it to ranks above colonel and equivalents in Indian Military Services? And those who do are mainly from NDA.	Why is it so that a very few officers make it to ranks above colonel and equivalents in Indian Military Services? And those who do are mainly from NDA?
Does DNA change during the life?	Are there any changes in an individual's DNA sequence over one's life?
Will Apple get rid of VoiceOver on their products?	Would Apple get rid of voiceover on their IOS devices?
Why should we live in this world?	Why we are living in this world?
What tips would you give to someone who is just becoming involved in growth hacking?	What tips do you have for someone entering into growth hacking?
Is long distance relationship works?	Does long distance relationship work?
How can I start my study plan for IAS?	What's the process to start study of IAS?
How can I lose 4kg weight?	How do I reduce my weight?
Is Mahatma Gandhi overrated?	Is Gandhi overrated?
How do I prepare for Net JRF in English literature?	How do I prepare for UGC NET English?
How can I get a complete list of all my gmail accounts?	How can I find my all Gmail accounts?
Did social media instigate Egypt's revolution? Why or why not?	How did social media play a role in Egypt's recent political uprisings?
How is life for a fresher at Cognizant?	How is the life for fresher in Cognizant?
What is a good question to ask Quora?	Which is the best question ever asked in Quora?
I want to start watching "Doctor Who". Which season should I watch?	I would like to start watching Doctor Who. Where should I start?
Who do you call to fix a garbage disposal for your house?	Who should I call if my garbage disposal isn't working?
How can I get rid of the fat in my thighs?	How should I get rid of belly fat?
How would you define a man?	How do you define a man?
How can I increase traffic to my website using social media?	What are the best way to increase website traffic organically?
How does the HP OfficeJet 4620 Airprint compare to the HP DesignJet Z5200 44-in Photo Printer?	How does the HP OfficeJet 4620 Airprint compare to the HP Color LaserJet Enterprise M553x?
How do I get rid of facial scar?	How do I get rid of facial scars?
Do you believe in physchic ability?	Do you believe in psychic abilities?
How can I improve my English in all aspects?	How will I improve my spoken English?
How I can ask question on Quora?	How do I get a question posted?
Can you see who who viewed your videos on Instagram?	Can you see who view your Instagram?
Which question has the most views on Quora?	What question on Quora has the most views?
What can be the solution for the Kashmir conflict?	What is the possible solution for Kashmir issue?
How do I motivate myself during hard times?	How can I stay motivated myself during hard times?
What is the significance of the five Olympic rings and what do they represent?	What's the significance of the colors of the Olympic rings?
Why don't electric field lines form closed loops?	How does electric field form closed loops?
Is it true that Savarkar was involved in Mahatma Gandhi's assassination?	Was Savarkar involved in the killing of Gandhi?
Is there life on other planets? Are there recent studies that support your answer?	Is there life on other planets? What is the latest discoveries/evidence to support or debunk the idea?
How can I add my profile picture on Qoura?	How do I add a profile picture to my Quora account?
What are some of your favorite life hacks?	What is one of your favorite life hacks?
Music: What's your favourite song at the moment?	What's your favorite song right now?
Why do fusion nuclear bombs release much more destructive energy than a comparable fission device?	Why does nuclear fusion give more energy that nuclear fission?
What are the qualities of a good research student?	What qualities define a good researcher?
What is your philosophy of life?	What is you philosophy on life?
At what age is a man at the peak of his physical power?	At what age do you reach your physical peak?
How can I calculate my CGPA in the degree results?	How do I calculate CGPA?
What gives money value?	Why does money have value?
What is a good way to learn with a learning disability?	How do you teach somebody with a learning disability?
Is it true that smart people tend to be depressed?	Do smarter people tend to be more depressed?
What are some ways to increase writing speed?	How can I increase my writing speed magically?
How much does methamphetamine cost in Texas?	How much does meth cost in Texas?
What is New Zealand known for?	What is New Zealand famous for?
I am a blogger. I want to get huge traffic on my blog. What should I do?	I'm a creative writer. Recently started my own blog and want to get traffic for my blog. How do I get traffic?
What's the most interesting story you've been told?	What is the best story you've ever heard?
What will happen if Donald Trump became the president of America?	What will happen now that President-elect Donald Trump has won the election?
What are the best deals for Black Friday 2016?	What is the best black Friday deal for this year?
What are the best ways to make money online?	What are the easiest ways to earn money online?
Does the English East India Company (trading) still exist?	Does the English East India Company which began colonizing India still exist?
What is hierarchy structure in wipro?	What is the hierarchy structure in wipro?
What are the best books for the JEE (Mains)?	What are the best books to practice for JEE mains only?
How can I push myself out of my comfort zone?	How exactly can I get out of this comfort zone by motivating myself?
Will Hillary Clinton win the Presidential election?	How certain are you that Hillary Clinton will win the 2016 election?
What do you do when you are unhappy?	How do you if you are unhappy?
Is vaping without nicotine bad for you?	Does vaping 0 nicotine without inhaling just puffing has bad effects?
What are the differences between a borderline personality disorder and a narcissistic personality?	What's the difference between someone who is a 'vulnerable narcissist' and someone withe borderline personality disorder?
How was Chinese and Japanese looks before the nuclear attack?	How was Chinese and Japanese look before the nuclear attack?
What are some great examples about presence of mind?	What are some of the greatest examples of the presence of mind?
How does YouTube decide which ads play before my video?	What determines which type of ad I see before a YouTube video?
What will happen to the black money kept in Swiss bank after the demonitization of 1000 and 500 rupee notes?	How money in swiss bank will be affected by scrapping of 500 and 1000 rupees notes?
Why should I learn Linux?	Is it worth learning Linux?
What are the best ways to relieve stress?	What can I do to relieve stress?
How many times a year do you need to take a Mantoux test? Why?	How many times a year do you need to take a Mantoux test?
What was your life changing experience?	What is your most life-changing experience?
How do you know if a guy likes you?	what are the signs a guy likes you ?
What are some reasons an iPhone might not ring?	What are some common reasons that your iPhone will not ring?
How should i make studies more interesting and also get good marks?	What can I do to make my studies more interesting?
Where can I find the best deals on airfare?	What is the best airfare site?
Why do most teachers hate Wikipedia?	Why do some teachers hate Wikipedia?
Is there a way to block certain sites in Chrome on Android?	How can I block distracting websites on Chrome for Android?
What are the best available social media analytics tool?	What is the best social media analytics tool that you know?
What does having sex for the first time feel like?	How does it feel to have your first sex?
How can one earn money with a Facebook page?	How does a Facebook page earn money?
What is it like to be a foreigner living in Beijing?	What's the life like to be a foreigner living in Beijing?
What are the movies you must watch once before you die?	What are the must watch movies to see before you die?
What are the advantages and disadvantages of banning 500 and 1000 notes in India?	What are the pros and cons of banning 500 and 1000 rupee notes in India?
Has anyone traded binary options?	Does anybody trade binary options?
Why does one feel depressed?	Why do I feel depressed?
Whom does lord Shiva meditate upon?	On whom does lord Shiva meditate?
How we improve our communication skills?	What should we do to improve communication skills?
I'm studying electrical engineering. Which laptop should I buy?	What is the best laptop for an electrical engineering student?
Can we really earn money online? How?	What is the best way to earn money online?
Why do people ask so many Googleable questions on Quora?	Why do some people ask questions on Quora that could be asked directly to a search engine ?
Will Brexit happen or not?	Is Brexit likely to happen?
What are indians still doing wrong?	What is it that we as Indians are collectively doing wrong?
What are the prevailing theories as to why the Moon is more cratered on the far side and the near side has more maria?	Why are there so many craters on the far side of the moon as compared to the near side?
What are the safety precautions on handling shotguns proposed by the NRA in North Dakota?	What are the safety precautions on handling shotguns proposed by the NRA in Mississippi?
Can the sum of two vectors be equal to either vector?	Can the sum of the magnitudes of two vectors ever be equal to the magnitude of the sum of the same two vectors?
How ca n I improve my communication skill?	How can I improve my communication effectively?
Why do people ask questions on Quora while They can get all the answers by Googling?	Why do many Quora users ask questions they could look up online?
What are some of the currently hot research areas in computer architecture?	What are currently the hot topics in computer architecture research?
Can you see who views your Instagram videos?	How can I see who viewed my Instagram videos?
Do Indian Muslim support Kashmir freedom movement?	Do Indian Muslims support or believe in the independence of Kashmir?
How can I find local investors For my startup?	How do I find angel investors for my startup?
How can I know if some one else uses my WhatsApp account?	How do you know if someone else uses your WhatsApp account?
What is the correct chronological order to watch the Star Wars movies?	What is the chronological order for watching Star Wars?
How can I protect my ideas from being stolen?	What is the best way to protect an idea you have from others?
How can I lose my weight quickly without doing exercise?	How do I lose weight without doing any sport?
Why is Microsoft incapable of creating a proper browser?	Why can't Microsoft make a decent browser?
What is public participation in eradicating corruption?	What do you think about "Public participation in promoting integrity and eradicating corruption"?
Do you think time travel is possible?	How can I travel time?
What would be the best day of your life?	What was the best day of your life?
Why is american football called "football"?	Why is American football called "football" when the ball is mostly held?
What does meaning of diaspora?	What is meaning of diaspora?
Which is the best QuickBooks Tech Support Number in Las Vegas?	What are the best intuit quickbooks support plans?
What is a good reason to not kill yourself?	What are some good reasons to not kill yourself?
Does Lenovo K3 Note support VOLTE ?	Does Lenovo K3 note supports volte?
How can I clear my acne?	How do I get rid of scalp acne?
I'm going to be US President one day. What should I start doing now to achieve this?	I'm 16 and I want to become the US president someday. What should I start doing?
If dark and vacuum energy are created with expansion is there potential energy that transforms into these types of energy with expansion?	If dark energy is being created with expansion can infinite of it be created?
Why does 500 and 1000 Rs notes banned by GOI and new notes of 500 and 2000 are issued?	What are your views on demonetization of 500 and 1000 rupee notes by the Modi Government?
Why do some people think that the Earth is flat when it is very clear that it is not?	Why do some people still believe that the earth is flat?
How do I memorize faster?	What are some of the best ways to memorize things faster?
Which is the best site to learn hacking?	Is there a site for learning hacking?
Is reservation should be removed or not in India?	Should reservation be banned?
How long does it take weed to get out of your system? How can you get it out faster?	How long does it take to get marijuana out of your system?
Which is the best site to download game of throne?	Where can we download game of thrones?
Have you guys tried Fit Tea and does it work?	Does fit tea work?
Why don't many people posting questions on Quora check Google first?	Why do some people ask questions on Quora that could be asked directly to a search engine ?
A processor running at 3 GHz consumes 100 W of dynamic power. How much dynamic power does the processor consume at 4 GHz?	2. A processor running at 3 GHz consumes 100 W of dynamic power. How much dynamic power does the processor consume at 4 GHz?
Will there be a World War III soon?	Is World War 3 coming?
Who's the richest man in the world?	Which is the richest man in the world?
What are some mind-blowing smartphone gadgets that exist that most people don't know about?	What are the most useful devices or gadgets you own for your smartphone that maybe other people don't know about?
How can I get rid of acne and scars?	How can I get rid of pimples all over my face?
Isn't Prime Minister of India Narendra Modi as promotional face for private firm's venture Reliance Jio a major question on his credibility?	Isn't it wrong for the the Prime Minister of India to formally endorse "Reliance Jio", a private company?
Would Bruce Lee be able to hold his own with the top UFC fighters today?	How good was Bruce Lee really? How would he have fared against today's MMA fighters in his weight division?
How can we know that the Illuminati is real?	Is the illuminati real or fake?
How do I get meth out of my system in 3 days?	So how can I get meth to be flush out of body in 2 hours before a urine drug test?
What should I do in a weekend layover in Hong Kong?	What should I see/do/eat if I only have 48hrs in Hong Kong?
Difference between correlation and regression?	What is the difference between regression and correlation?
What is the one movie you watched that changed your life the most?	What is the movie that changed your life?
Does Facebook send internship rejection emails?	Does Facebook send out a rejection email for on-site internship interviews?
Why is Facebook successful?	Why is Facebook so successful?
What are the best jobs for travelling around the world?	What jobs are best for travelling whole world?
What movie has the most complex plot ever?	Which is the most complex movie you ever watched?
How do I track my friends location on phone?	How can I track a mobile number and the location from any sofware?
What are you favorite book?	What is your favourite book?
What's a good website for free movies or shows?	What is the best site to watch free movies online?
Can you live a happy fulfilled life without having children?	Can you ever feel truly fulfilled without children?
What are Craig Good's qualifications to talk about nutrition? I find his advice sensible but contradictory to other things I've read.	What are Craig Good's qualifications to talk about nutrition?
What time is good for gym workout? Morning or evening?	Is it better to hit the gym in the morning or evening?
How do you see the PM Modi’s move of banning old 500 and 1000 rupee currency notes?	What do you think about banning 500 and 1000 rupee notes in India?
How do I recover my snapchchat account?	How can I recover a deleted Snapchat account?
How do I hide my followers list on Twitter from others who are on my profile page?	How do I hide my following list on Twitter from others who are on my profile page?
How do you celebrate Diwali?	Which is the best way to celebrate Diwali?
Did US win or lose Vietnam war?	Why did we lose the vietnam war?
What are the things that wealthy people (millionaires and billionaires) know that ordinary people do not know?	What are the things that successful people know but ordinary people don't?
What are the best career books or resources to decide on a career?	What are the best career advice books you have ever read?
What are some mind-blowing technologies that exist that most people don't know about?	What are some mind-blowing Bike gadgets that exist that most people don't know about?
What is best way to earn money without working hard?	What are some easy ways to earn money Without doing any hard work?
What is the best way to study an MBA online?	How do I study MBA online?
How do I know my inner talent?	How do I identify my talent?
What is your favourite book and why?	What book do you like best?
How do I unlock my phone without having to reflash it?	How do I unlock my phone without formatting it?
What programming languages are best to learn?	What is the best programming/coding language to learn?
How should I prepare for cds written exams?	How should I prepare for CDS written exam?
What are all the additional courses must be read while studying B.E in mechanical engineering?	What are the best courses for mechanical engineering?
What is the number comes in the screen while watching TV?	Why do we see numbers or codes on the screen while watching TV?
What is the meaning of living life?	What is the meaning of my life?
How does it feel having sex for the first time?	What is the feeling to have sexual intercourse at the first time?
Which is the best movie of 2016?	What is the best film of 2016?
What is your review of Chetan Bhagat (author)?	What is your review of Chetan Bhagat English?
Can I use Jio sim in Xolo one HD?	Can I run Jio SIM in XOLO One HD?
Would Bernie Sanders have defeated Donald Trump?	Would Bernie Sanders have beat Donald Trump?
Why are people ready to spare lot of time writing answers on Quora by getting nothing?	Why do people waste time writing answers for others in Quora?
Why do females get more jealous of each other than men?	Are females more jealous of each other than men are?
What are some amazing facts about airplanes?	What are some interesting facts about airplanes?
Which is the most used programming language in the world currently?	Which programming language uses mostly and why?
What are the dumbest questions ever asked on Quora?	What are the worst stupidest questions asked on Quora?
What is the difference between self esteem and  ego?	What is the difference between having an ego and having self esteem?
What is the worst thing that you have done?	What is the worst thing you've done to people?
Free dog training ebooks download?	Are there any good free dog training ebooks?
How was the KVPY 2016 SX stream?	How did KVPY SB/SX 2016 go for you?
How can I reduce my sleeping time and concentrate on my studies?	How can I reduce my sleep hours at night in order to find more time for my studies?
How do wake-up lights work?	How do wake up lights work?
What are the best ways to wake up early in winter?	How can I wake up early in the winter?
Why is a slinky considered a parabola?	What is a parabola? Why is a slinky a good example of one?
How do I rollback to Windows 8.1 from Windows 10?	How do I roll back from Windows 10 to Windows 8.1?
Remembering fireign words?	How can I remember foreign words?
How long does it take before marijuana is out of your system? Is there any way to do it faster?	How long does it take weed to get out of your system? How can you get it out faster?
What is the worst mistake you can make at work?	What is the biggest mistake you ever made at work?
Why should one choose engineering?	Why should I choose engineering?
Do Quora users still see questions that are marked as needing improvement?	Why does Quora do this "marked as needing improvement?
What is the difference between the getch () and getchar ()?	What is the difference between getch() and getchar() in c programming?
What was the hottest temperature ever recorded?	What was the hottest temperature ever recorded here?
Where can I complain about Quora to make improvements?	Where can I complain about glitches found on Quora?
What is the best in-app payment solution for Android?	What are all the available in-app payment solutions for Android?
How do I post something on Quora?	How we can post in Quora?
Which answer is the most voted one in Quora?	What is the most viewed and most up voted answer on Quora?
Where can I buy real or quality weed in Delhi?	Where can I find high quality weed in Delhi?
How do I approach my crush and fast?	How can I approach to a girl I like?
Which community in India is the richest?	Which is the richest community in India?
How can an Indian student study in Germany?	How can Indian student study in Germany?
Why do people add water to their wine glass?	Why do people drink water with wine?
Why is coworking culture so popular in Bangalore?	Is coworking popular in Bangalore?
What it is like to be a pornstar?	How does it feel to be a pornstar? How do you face the society?
How do I add all topics in Quora?	How do I add topics to a question on Quora?
How can I get a jio sim?	How do I get Reliance Jio 4G SIM?
Why did you choice to become a doctor?	Why did you become doctor?
Why do hatchbacks have a rear window wiper but sedans don't?	Why do sedans have rear wipers while all the hatchbacks have one of those in their high-end variants?
How do I start my career in cyber security?	How can I start in Information Security?
Is there anyway that could make suicide look like an accident?	How do I make suicide look like an accident?
What's the scope after Bsc?	What is the scope after a BSc honours?
Can science prove spirituality?	Can science encourage spirituality?
What are the best dividend stocks?	What is the best dividend in stocks?
What are the career options for a law graduate?	What are the career options in Law after graduation?
What's happening to Hong Kong?	What happened to Hong Kong?
What is the best hilarious joke you have ever heard?	What is the best joke ever heard?
What are the best classes at Stanford?	What are the best courses at Stanford?
What should be my resolution for 2017?	What's are your resolutions for 2017?
What can cause astigmatism?	What is caused by astigmatism?
Can any one tell about the paper which has been used for making  500 and 2000 notes?	What do you think about new 500 and 2000 rupees note?
Does a bullet train have wheels?	Does bullet trains has wheels?
What is addiction?	What exactly is addiction?
Which is the best in Mobile app development companies in Bangalore?	Which is the best mobile app development companies in Bangalore?
What are some generally unknown things about black holes?	What is still unknown about black holes?
Where can I get a PPF account?	What is the best time to open a PPF account?
Is World War 3 closer than it has ever been?	Are we heading towards World War III?
What is the easiest way to become an astronaut?	How can I become a astronaut?
How do I improve my English language?	How can we improve our English language skills?
What's the best way to overcome social anxiety and gain confidence?	How can I overcome social anxiety?
What is the difference between gold and silver tequila? Is it just a marketing strategy?	What is the difference between white and golden tequila?
What are some mystery movies?	Which are some of the best mystery movies?
Why is your favourite anime your favourite?	What's your favourite anime?
Why won't my iPod Touch turn on? How do I fix it?	How do you fix an iPod that won't turn on?
What are the features of Samsung Galaxy Note 7s?	What are the new features in the Samsung Galaxy Note 7?
How do I start preparing for IAS prelims?	I am about to graduate and I am thinking of giving IAS exam. How should I start preparing from now itself?
How do dermatology and pharmaceutical companies market their products?	How pharmaceutical companies market their product in market?
Can you give me some advice on losing weight?	What are the best things to do when working on losing weight?
Why did the Mayan calendar end at 2012?	Why does the Mayan Calendar end on 12/21/2012?
Why do long distance relationships fail?	Do long distance relationships ever work out?
Why are there stones on railway tracks?	What is the reason for concrete stones in between the railway track?
How can I improve my running speed?	How can I increase my running speed?
What are your New Year’s resolutions?	What is your New Year resolution?
How can India become cashless?	Can India be cashless?
What era would you rather live?	What era would you like to live in?
What would be impact on India if Donald Trump becomes President?	How good/bad will it be for India if Trump wins the election?
What's the most embarrassing moment you've ever had?	What is the best embarrassing moment of your life?
Why did India opt for Rafale aircrafts over other fighter jets?	What is so special about 'Rafale' fighter jets? Why is India keen on acquiring them?
What are the advantages and disadvantages of a city life?	What are the advantages and the disadvantages of living in your city?
What is best thing in our life?	What is the best thing of our life?
How do I fly an airplane?	How do you fly a plane?
What is the best way to flush methamphetamines out of your system?	How can I dilute meth out of my system?
Have you ever seen a student roast a teacher?	Have you ever seen a student completely roasting the teacher?
Can India and China ever become friends?	Why cant China and India be friends?
Which is the best site to book hotel online?	What is the best hotel booking site online?
What are some examples of 3 stanzas in poems?	What are some examples of poems with 3 stanzas?
How will we become extinct?	When do you think humanity will become extinct?
Can I remove photos from my iPhone without removing them from my iCloud storage?	Can I upload my photos to icloud on my phone and delete them from my phone safely?
How can the family filter on Dailymotion be turned off?	How do I turn off the family filter for Dailymotion?
What should you do when you feel like a loser?	How can I stop feeling like a loser?
How long can you live without food?	How long can one survive working only without food?
Why's watching and playing snooker different?	Why's watching snooker always different to playing it myself?
What is the best language to learn programming?	What is the best programming language for a beginner?
Is Chris Langan really all that intelligent?	Is Chris Langan the smartest man on earth?
What would happen if you lick a raw fish for a bet?	What would happen if you licked a raw fish for money?
What does a session in Google Analytics mean?	What is session in Google analytics?
Is Donald Trump's proposal that flag burners be jailed or have their citizenship rescinded constitutional?	Does Donald Trump's suggestion that flag burners should lose their citizenship violate the U.S. Constitution?
What will happen if Donald Trump wins election?	What will happen if Donald Trump gets elected?
Is there any news of a Nintendo 3DS emulator for PC?	Is there a working Nintendo 3DS emulator for PC?
What are the best CBSE schools in West Bengal?	Which is the best CBSE school in West Bengal?
How should I control outbursts of emotions?	How do smart and successful people control their emotions?
What was the worst thing that has ever happened to you? Did you overcome it and if so: how?	What is the worst thing that has ever happened to you or someone you know?
What are the best short films from Indians?	What are some worth watching hindi short films on youtube?
What happens if reservation system scrapped in India?	What would be the consequences of abolishing caste-based reservation from India?
Which is the best phone under ₹15000?	Which is the best phone below 15000?
What's your New Year's resolution for 2017?	What is your resolution for 2017?
What are the best programming languages to learn today?	What is the best programming language for learning programming from scratch?
Where is best place to invest in real estate?	Where is the best place to invest in real estate?
Do spiral curly hairs make you look beautiful?	Does spiral curly hair make you look beautiful?
How did early man learn to have sex?	How did early man discover sex and reproduction?
Why do people believe in illogical things like religion?	Why do grown people believe in religion?
Why do we have antimatter?	Why do we have/find antimatter?
What should I do to make myself better day by day?	How can I make myself better each day?
How can I get better at my writing?	How can I get better to my writing?
How is discontinuing 500 and 1000 rupee note going to put a hold on black money in India?	How can discontinuing 500 and 1000 rupee will help to control black money?
What are the best way to learn hacking?	Which is the best way to learn hacking?
How is time travel possible?	Is time travel theoretically possible?
What is the difference between python coding and scripting?	What is the difference between python scripting and python coding explain the difference with simple program?
Is there any possibility of Indo-Pak war in near future?	Is there a chance of Indo-Pak war in the near future?
How nerdy are MIT students? What kinds of nerds are they?	How nerdy are MIT students?
How can we learn faster?	How can l learn faster?
What is your review of the Google Chromecast?	What is your review of Google Chromecast (product)?
Can you get high from eating weed? Why or why not?	Can you get high from accidentally ingesting a few tiny specks of weed without knowing?
Can we exceed speed of light practically?	Can you exceed the speed of light?
Where can I hire experienced professional for any property transaction in Sydney?	Where can I get best property transaction support in Sydney?
How can I deal with my toxic mother?	How do I deal with a toxic mother?
How should I go about learning Machine Learning?	What is the best way to get started with Machine Learning?
Who exactly was Fidel Castro?	Who is Fidel Castro? What has he done?
If dark and vacuum energy are created with expansion is there potential energy that transforms into these types of energy with expansion?	If vacuum gravitational and dark energy are created as universe expands without limit?
What are the preventions to stop hair falls?	How can I stop my hair fall?
How historically accurate is the movie "300"?	How historically accurate is the 300 movie?
Can you help me with tips for a successful long distance relationship?	What does it take for a successful long distance relationship?
What are tips to lose weight while starving yourself?	Will starving yourself make you lose weight?
What is the minimum age required for getting pan card?	What is the requirements of pan card?
What would be the most effective weapon to use in the zombie apocalypse?	What weapons would be most effective in a zombie apocalypse?
Do girls really like tall guys?	Do girls like tall guys?
Why does Quora block all my questions with "needs improvement"?	Why do my questions on Quora need improving?
How do we make money by investing in real estate?	What is the best way to make money investing in real estate?
Why do many people call football 'soccer'?	Why do renegade countries call football as "soccer"?
Is interface theory of perception by Donald Hoffman true according to neuroscience and evolutionary biology?	Is interface theory of perception a satisfying theory?
What happens if you drink bleach?	What happens if you swallow bleach?
How do I connect two WiFi routers wirelessly?	How do you connect two wireless routers?
How do nonprofits make money?	How do nonprofits make so much money?
Is there any proof reading website in the internet which can be used freely?	Is there any good 'proof reading' website in the internet which can be used freely?
Which is the best answer you read on Quora?	What's the best answer in Quora?
Are there any proofs of aliens?	What is the best evidence for the existence of aliens?
What makes men attractive?	What make men attractive?
Which is the best coaching in Patna for the IIT-JEE?	Which is the best coaching institute for iit-jee preparation in patna?
How can I get a list of my Gmail accounts?	Where is my other gmail accounts?
How do know when you're in love?	How do you know if you're really in love?
What is the reason behind the resignation of Tata Sons (Tata Group) chairman Cyrus Mistry?	Why was Cyrus Mistry removed as the Chairman of Tata Sons?
How secured is the new 2000 and 500 currency notes?	Are there any security features in Rs 2000 and Rs. 500 currency notes to make them counterfeit proof?
Are metal detectors at schools normal?	Should schools have metal detectors?
What are some examples of demographic factors?	What are demographic factors? What are some examples?
What are the pros and cons of globalization?	What is globalization? What are the pros and cons?
What's the most embarassing thing you did in front of your crush?	What was your most embarrassing moment infront of your crush?
What made Tata group chairman Cyrus Mistry to quit?	Why did Ratan Tata remove Cyrus Mistry?
What will be the effect of India scrapping Rs. 500 & Rs. 1000 notes on Indian stock markets?	What will be the effect of the ban of the 1000rs and 500rs notes on the stock market?
What is the meaning of the song Milkshake?	What is the meaning behind the song milkshake?
Can some Lithuanian say the origin of surname Rulinskas?	What's the etymology of surname Rulinskas?
How do I lose weight?	How should I lose weight?
What are Hanes boxer briefs made of? How are they made?	What are Hanes boxer briefs made of?
What programming language should I learn first for hacking?	What programming language should I learn if I want to do hacking?
How do I start for Gigolo?	How do I start for a Gigolo?
How do cooking soda and baking soda differ?	Cooking soda and baking soda same or not?
What are the best books or site to prepare essays for XAT?	Suggest some good books for XAT?
Is first sex painful?	How can you reduce first time sex pain?
Do you think the UK Parliament should vote about invoking article 50?	Does the Prime Minister need approval from Parliament to invoke Article 50?
When did you start masturbating and why?	At what age did you start masturbating?
How do I write a good essay?	Why can't I write good essay?
What will be the impacts on Indian economy after the Prime Minister's decision of barring the 500 and 1000rs notes?	What will be the impacts of rooting out 500 and 1000rs notes on Indian economy?
What problems can be solved with big data analytics?	What is the real problem that can be solved by big data?
Why is China blocking the move to ban Masood Azhar at UN?	Why does China support Masood Azhar?
What will be future prospects of Agriculture Engineering's student from IIT Kharagpur?	How is it to opt for Agriculture and Food engineering in IIT Kharagpur? What is the scope for non core jobs?
What is the weirdest thing somebody has said to you?	What is the strangest thing anyone has said to you?
What are the best courses for mechanical engineering?	What are the best courses for mechanical engineer for high salary?
What is the saddest thing you have seen online?	What is the saddest thing you have ever seen on the internet?
Are the new 2016 MacBook Pros worth the upgrade?	Will upgrading to the 2016 MacBook Pro be worth it?
How can I know whether I'm beautiful?	How do I know if I'm pretty or not?
Why do so many people think that people have souls despite absolutely no scientific evidence of this what so ever?	Why do so many people believe in the existence of the soul when there is no evidence of it?
What is mean by power?	What do you mean by power?
Is it good to have a nitrogen filled tire?	What is the reason my new car tires are filled with nitrogen and not air?
How can I start my business?	How should I start up a new business?
Why didn't Hilary Clinton pick Bernie Sanders as running mate?	Why didn't Hillary Clinton choose Bernie Sanders as her VP?
What is Ellen DeGeneres' phone number?	What is the phone number for The Ellen DeGeneres Show?
How do I deal with my heartbreak?	How do I deal with a heartbreak?
Where can I get ideas for a high school computer science research project?	What are some good high school computer science research projects I can do?
What is Planck's constant?	What is Planck's constant and how is it used?
What is the relationship between linear and angular velocity?	What is relation between linear velocity and angular velocity?
Why are people not answering my questions on Quora?	Why don't people answer me on Quora?
How do I lose weight?	How can I lose an extreme amount of weight?
Is there a way to block certain topics on Quora?	Can I block a topic on Quora?
Why is Israel being called an apartheid state by some? Are they right or wrong?	Why is Israel called an apartheid state?
Is there any good joke?	Any good jokes?
How do you leave somebody a voicemail without calling them?	How do you leave a voicemail without calling that person?
What is a good way to get over depression?	How do I help a depressed person to get over it?
Who will win the next 2019 general elections in India and why?	Who will win 2019 elections in India?
What are the career options after graduating with a Bachelor's in physics?	What is the scope after bsc physics?
Why isn't the media pursuing the rape allegations made against Donald Trump?	How come the media is quiet about Donald Trump's child rape case?
What is the Best place to propose a girl in Bangalore?	Which is best place to propose my girlfriend in bangalore?
What is complementary and alternative medicine?	What's the difference between complementary and alternative medicine?
What do Pakistanis think about Indian people?	What do the people from Pakistan think about Indians?
Adam D'Angelo: How many registered members are there in Quora to date?	How many users are on Quora as of 2017?
What are the contributions of Tipu Sultan towards the freedom of India?	India: What role did Tipu Sultan play in India's freedom struggle?
What is the best programming language I should start learning?	What's a good and easy programming language to learn?
What are some mind blowing phone gadgets?	Which are the best and the most useful smart phone gadgets?
What is the passing criteria to pass in class 12th boards?	What are the minimum marks are required to pass in class 12th boards?
What incident gave you goosebumps?	Which incident gave you Goosebumps?
Which is the best laptop under INR 60k?	Which is the best laptop for 60k?
Is Breitbart a reliable source?	Is Briebart a reliable legitimate news source?
What are the long term side effects of coffee?	What are the long-term positive and negative effects of drinking coffee?
What is it like to work at EY?	What is it like to work with Ernst & Young?
I have a startup idea. The business plan is ready. How should I raise funding for it?	How do I raise funds for a startup business idea?
Is Japanese or Chinese harder to learn?	Which language is harder to learn: Japanese or Chinese?
How do I edit my question on Quora when I realize that I misspelled a word?	How do I edit a question after it's already posted?
What is the best way to reduce belly and arm fat?	What is the best exercise for belly fat?
What is the fastest way to lose weight safely?	What is the quickest possible way to lose weight?
How can one become a Jehovah's Witness?	How do I become a Jehovah's Witness?
Daniel Ek: When will you launch Spotify in India?	Daniel Ek: When will spotify be available in India?
How do you make money with Quora?	How can we earn from Quora?
How do I know what I want to ask?	How do I know what I have to ask?
What are the best horror movies that will keep you up at night?	What are some best horror movies?
How do I enjoy in life?	How do I really enjoy living?
Why are so many people on Quora obsessed about IQ? It must surely top the list!	Why are people on Quora obsessed with their IQ?
What is a coco bond?	What are CoCo bonds?
What are some ways to grow taller at the age of 20?	Is it possible to Increase height or get taller after 20?
Is it possible to find back my lost android phone with the help of imei number?	How can I find my lost device with imei number?
Which is the best activity of SEO?	What is the best activity of SEO?
How do you know you're in love again?	How can you know if you're in love or just attracted to someone?
How can I stop masturbation and pornography?	How does a person overcome masturbation and pornography?
What is your review of Common Core Standards?	What is your opinion on the common core standards?
How do you know your sexual orientation?	How can I find out my sexual orientation?
What are some mind blowing gadgets and tools That most people dont know?	What are some mind blowing tools and things that most people don't know?
What are some interesting topics to pursue in computer science research?	What are some good topics in computer science on which I can do research?
How difficult is it for a dentist to become an IAS officer?	How can I be an IAS officer?
How can I improve my communication skills specially pronunciation skill?	What should we do to improve communication skills?
How do I recover app lock deleted photos?	Recover photos from app lock?
Has anyone seen a genuine UFO? What was it like?	Has anyone living in india seen a UFO?
Why does Republicans have a firm disbelief in climate change?	Why are Republicans against Climate Change evidence?
What is one song you would want people to play at your funeral?	What song would you like played at your funeral?
What are some of the best colleges/universities for pursuing a master's in data science?	What are the best Data Science Masters Programs in the US?
What was the main cause that ended World War One?	What were the causes of World War I?
Can anyone sleep with their eyes open?	Can you sleep with your eyes open?
Is Quora biased towards the Democratic Party?	Why is Quora biased towards the Democratic Party?
How does invalidating the current Rs. 500 and Rs. 1000 currency notes help in weeding out black money?	What do you think about ban on Rs. 500 and Rs. 1000 currency notes?
How does it feel to be homosexual in India?	What's it like to be gay in India?
How is ring size determined?	How do I find my ring size?
Should the UK abolish the monarchy?	Should the UK become a republic?
What are the biggest regrets of your life?	What is your biggest regret?
Why does voltage of a battery decrease?	Why does voltage of a battery drop?
Examples of sole proprietorship?	What are the examples of sole proprietorship business?
What are the advantages of the decision taken by the Government of India to scrap out 500 and 1000 rupees notes?	Banning 500 and 1000 rupee notes is appreciated but why is the government bringing 500 and 2000 rupees again into the market?
How do I reduce body weight?	How do I actually lose weight?
How do I stop caring about what people think about me?	How do I stop caring about what others think?
I have forgotten my Facebook password and email password also?	How do I recover my Facebook password by email?
How do I improve my positive thoughts?	How can I improve my positive thoughts?
How can you make a girl laugh?	How do you make a girl laugh?
What is the example of analogy?	What is analogy? What are some examples?
What is the purpose of existence of this universe?	What is purpose of existence of universe?
How do you delete a IMVU account?	How do I delete my IMVU account?
What is the best horror movie?	What some best horror movies?
What are some good things about Pakistan that everybody should know?	What are the good things about pakistan?
Which is the best korean drama of all time?	Which is your best Korean Drama and why?
How can I improve my English speaking ability?	How I can improve my English communication?
Which laptop/notebook can I buy under 25k?	What is the best laptop to buy under 25000INR?
How can I increase the traffic to my website?	How can I increase website traffic?
What are some of your best sexual experiences?	What has been your best sexual experience?
What are some good oxidizing agents?	What are some of the best oxidizing agents?
How can I fetch more number of answers for my questions on Quora?	Why nobody answer my questions in Quora?
Why Sanskrit has the capability to be a programming language?	Why we do not use the Sanskrit language as a programming language?
Which TV series are worth watching?	What TV series are worth watching?
Can diatomaceous earth help you to lose weight?	Is the use of food grade diatomaceous earth safe?
Have you ever thought of committing suicide before? What made you change your decision?	Have you ever thought about suicide and why?
What can I do to be better in bed?	How do I become good in bed?
In how much days can I learn playing piano?	How long does it take to learn to play piano?
What are the pros and cons of long distance relationships?	What are the pros and cons of being in a long distance relationship?
What are the best blog topics?	What are some good blogging topics?
What are some of the straight to the point example of getting out of the comfort zone?	Should I step out of my comfort zone? What's the point of stepping out of comfort zone?
How do I really make money online?	What is the easiest way to make a little money online?
How should I learn hacking by myself?	How can we learn hacking efficiently?
What are the best investment options in India?	What are best investment options in India?
How can I stop smoking a cigarette?	How can I stop smoking?
What is the best evidence for the existence of aliens?	Is there any proof for the existence of aliens? What about all the stories we heard about them?
How can I earn money part time online?	How do I really make money online?
What are the safety precautions on handling shotguns proposed by the NRA in South Carolina?	What are the safety precautions on handling shotguns proposed by the NRA in Arkansas?
What intelligent people do with their phone?	What do intelligent people do with their phones?
Why is Saltwater Taffy candy imported in Poland?	Why is salt water taffy candy imported in France?
What is GDP? How is it calculated?	What is the significance of GDP?
Who will win in America presidential elections in 2016?	Who is going to win the presidential election?
What is step by step guide to learn English?	What are the correct steps to learn English?
How do I reduce my belly fat easily?	How can I reduce my belly fat through a diet?
How do I overcome Social Anxiety?Please help.	How can I overcome social anxiety?
Which are the website for Free download pdf books?	Is there any site to download free books?
What is the best porn site on the Internet? Why?	Which is best porn site?
How can you stop your Beagle Australian Shepherd mix puppies from biting your shoes?	How do you stop German Shepherd/Husky puppies from biting your stuff?
Why is Arnab Goswami resigned as the Editor-in Chief of Times Now and ET Now?	Is Arnab Goswami quitting from Times now?
What was the worst advice you have ever received?	What was the worse piece of advice you have ever received from someone?
What are your resolutions for 2017? And why?	What is your resolution for 2017?
Can I sue reliance for migrating jio preview offer users to welcome offer ?	Is it legal to migrate customers from preview offer to welcome offer?
What is the best remedy for erectile dysfunction?	What is the solution for erectile dysfunction?
How can we earn money online without investment?	How can I earn money online from home only?
What should I do to get an internship at a software company?	How do I get internship in software companies?
How harmful is zika virus?	Effects of zika virus?
What is the least painful and best way to commit suicide?	What is the easiest way of committing suicide?
How do I overcome overcome tension?	How can I overcome tension?
Where can one meet British people in Toronto Canada?	How can I meet British people in Canada?
What can I do with a Chromebook?	What can I do with a Google Chromebook?
What are the benefits of vajrasan?	What are the benefits of vajrasana?
What are some good substitutes for oil when making brownies?	What are some substitutes for oil in brownies and what makes them a good substitute?
Why do Indians care so much about what other nation's people think about them?	Why are Indians so obsessed about what people from other countries think about India?
CALL@@@@@### US Talk@AVG^! |! ^1800*@251*@4919 AVG Antivirus Tech Support phone number?	Avg antivirus 1800</v\>251<’-‘>4919 Avg tech support phone number 24x7?
How should I control my emotion?	How do I control my emotion and sadness?
How will black money and corruption be stopped by banning 500 and 1000 notes?	Replacing 500 and 1000 notes- how will this move reduce black money?
Has the Ancient Khmer Empire been scientifically tested?	Has Ancient Babylon been scientifically tested?
Why do people ask questions on Quora that can easily be answered by Google?	Why do people ask questions whose answer can be easily found on the internet?
Is time just an illusion of the mind?	How is time an illusion?
Which online platform provides the best Twitter management tools?	Which is the best Twitter management tool?
What stops india to declare a war against Pakistan?	Will India fight a war with Pakistan?
Is Somaliland even a country? Elaborate if yes or no	Is somaliland a country?
Which are the best universities in India to do M.Sc. Statistics in distance?	Which is the best university in India to do M.Sc Statistics in distance?
Which hotel is the best hotel in varanasi?	Which hotel is the best hotel in Varanasi for tourist?
What does vagina taste like?	What do vaginas taste like?
How is replacing 1000 rs notes with 2000 rs notes going to make black money hoarding a lot harder?	Would banning notes of denominations 500 and 1000 help to curb the black money in system?
What are good business ideas with low investment in India?	What are some creative and innovative business ideas with less investment in India?
How do I become a good blogger?	How can I become a good blogger?
How do I create a messaging app like whatsapp?	How do I create an app like WhatsApp?
How can I fix my sleeping schedule?	How do I fix my sleeping schedule?
Why doesn't the Moon fall down on Earth due to gravitational force?	Earth is continuously pulling its moon towards its centre. Why does the moon not fall onto the Earth?
How can I increase organic search traffic for my blog?	How can I increase a new website organic search traffic?
What are the best tips for winter driving?	What are the most important tips on winter driving?
Who would you vote for between Donald Trump and Hillary Clinton?	Who would you vote for this coming election: Donald Trump or Hillary Clinton?
What animals can prey on house cats?	What animals prey on house cats?
Why doesn't Indian government care about its poor people?	Why doesn't Indian government do something about the beggars?
How I can speak English fluently?	How do I speak English fluently in half a year?
Why doesn't Quora update to support emojis?	Why doesn't Quora support smileys?
What is a meaning of life?	What is the meanings of life?
How can I get a beautiful girlfriend for lifetime?	How do I earn a beautiful girlfriend for lifetime?
What are the safety precautions on handling shotguns proposed by the NRA in South Carolina?	What are the safety precautions on handling shotguns proposed by the NRA in North Dakota?
My 12.5 year old daughter really wants a phone for Christmas or New year. I would let her get one. Which one out of iPhone 6 or 6s should I get her?	My 12 year old daughter wants an iPhone but I don't know which one I should get. What should I get her?
How does someone follow on Quora as Quora user?	How do you follow someone on Quora?
Is it possible to fall in love with more than one woman / girl in the same period of time?	Is it really possible to love 2 people at the same time?
What was the first novel of all time?	What was the first novel?
Is Donald Trump of America turning out to be more like Narendra Modi of India?	Is Donald Trump equivalent to Narendra Modi of America?
I'm a 21 year old female who is extremely hairy. I have thick hair all over my body including my face. How do I get rid of them permanently naturally?	I am a 17 year old female and I have very hard growth of facial hair in my face. Can I get laser hair removal done for my face?
How was KVPY SA 2016 ? How does it compare to previous year papers? What is your expected cutoff for it?	What is the expected cut off for KVPY SA 2016?
Is 291 a good score in gre?	Is 319 a good score for GRE?
How can I find a person with only their picture?	How can I find a person from his picture?
What is the unit of measure of darkness?	What is the physical unit of darkness?
What does it mean to learn?	What does it mean "to learn"?
How do you delete your Yahoo account permanently?	How do you permanently delete your Yahoo account?
What is the best way to learn vocabulary?	What is the easiest way to improve my vocabulary?
How do I see a private Instagram account?	How do I view someone's private Instagram pictures?
What is the best laptop to buy under 25000INR?	Which laptop is better for a enginnering student under Rs.25000?
What are the best career option for a Diploma holder in Electrical Engineering?	What are the career option after graduation in electrical engineer?
Why do we need to study?	Why we need to study?
How long does it take for a person to walk a mile?	How many minute will I walk to cover 1 mile?
What is the average IQ of a human?	What is the iq of the average person?
How do you disguise a proxy site?	How do I disguise a proxy site?
Which are smallest sized cells?	Which is the smallest cell in the world?
What are the top 10 websites you visit everyday?	What are the best websites to visit everyday?
Why do people ask so many Googleable questions on Quora?	Why do people ask questions on Quora that could simply be googled?
Is a third world war coming?	Is World War 3 coming?
Which are the best ways to lose weight?	How can I efficiently lose weight?
Humor: What are some of the greatest examples of presence of mind?	What is the example of Presence of Mind?
Why do people have lots of trust issues nowadays?	Why do people have trust issues?
How many people died from the atomic attack on Japan?	How many people died when the United States dropped atomic bombs on Japan?
Why did the Big Bang happen?	Is there an explanation why the big bang happened?
Can a mechanical engineer become aeronautical engineer?	Can a mechanical engineer become an aerospace engineer?
What is some proof that the Illuminati is real?	Is Illuminati thing real?
What is the best way to improve our communication skills?	What should we do to improve communication skills?
How can I lucid dream?	Is there anyway to get yourself to have a lucid dream?
Where can I get very friendly assistance in property for sale across the Sydney?	Where can I get knowledgeable assistance for transfer of property in Sydney?
What is the difference between an "author" and a "writer"?	What is the difference between a writer and an author?
What is the origin of the game hangman?	How did the hangman game develop?
What's the reason India fails in Olympics?	Why India is big loser in Olympics?
What are cell membranes? Where can they be found?	What is a cell membrane?
Have you ever married a person you met on Quora?	How many married couples met on Quora?
What is the QuickBooks support phone number?	Which is the best QuickBooks Tech Support Number in Las Vegas?
How do I improve my English with creative writing skills?	How can I improve my English writing skills? Which books do you suggest?
How does glow in the dark plastics work?	How does glow in the dark paint glow?
How do I delete Quora account?	How do I delete my Quora caccount permanently?
What's the best feeling in the world?	What was your best feeling in the world?
How should I improve my english communication skills?	How can improve my English speaking?
What is the meaning of perception?	What is perception?
How can I ask my crush out?	How do I ask my crush out?
How can I get rid of a bad habit?	How do I get rid of bad habits?
How do we spend our weekends in Bangalore?	What is a good way to spend a sunday in Bangalore?
 Failures haunt me all the time.How do I cope up?	What can help me cope up with my failure?
What are some arguments for and against having an electoral college voting system?	What are some modern arguments for the electoral college?
What is the best brand of puppy food for bulldogs?	What is the best food for golden retriever puppies?
What books would you recommend to entrepreneurs?	What books would you recommend entrepreneurs?
How will a boy know whether a girl likes him or not?	I'm a girl how do I know if a girl likes me?
How do you delete a question you asked on Quora	How do I delete my question from Quora?
Why are there so many dumb questions asked on Quora?	What is the #1 reason people ask questions on Quora?
What is the best way to learn and master a computer programming language?	What is the best way to learn to code? And the best language to learn?
Is the PTE easy compared to the to IELTS test?	Which is easier to clear: IELTS or PTE to get work VISA?
How do I insert an image in an answer or question details on Quora?	How do I insert a picture in Quora?
What would happen if a presidential candidate were to die the day or week before an election?	What would happen if the presidential nominee died before the November election?
Is sleeping without a pillow unhealthy?	Is there a downside to sleeping without a pillow?
Which is the best video tutorial for Java?	What are some good video tutorials for Java?
What are some mind blowing facts about Albania?	What are some of mind-blowing facts about Albania?
How do I deal with emotions?	How does one deal with emotion logically?
In what city do you live?	Which city do you come from?
What is the incentive to join ISIS?	Why do some people decide to join groups like ISIS?
What are the best places to visit in Goa on a 2.5 day trip?	What are the best places to visit in Goa?
How does it feels to have a Indian sibling?	How does it feel to grow up with an Indian sibling?
Why is virginity a big deal in society?	Why is losing one's virginity such a big deal?
Can I fall pregnant after 3days of my period?	Can you get pregnant 8 days before your period?
Which most inspiring story you know?	Which are the most inspiring stories?
How do I regain confidence?	I have lost self confidence that I will be able to achieve my aim. How do I regain confidence?
Is bulletproof coffee campaign legit?	Does bulletproof coffee work? Is it legitimate?
What are the most annoying questions you see on Quora?	What is the most stupid question asked on Quora?
Why hasn't he contacted me at all for two days after our date where he tried to kiss me and texted that nite that he had a lot of fun?	Why do guys try to kiss me after our first date but then don't contact me for days after or sometimes not at all?
What would happen if Modi died now?	What will happen if Narendra Modi dies now?
How do I know my inner talent?	What are the methods to know our inner talents?
When entering the US will I be detained for a bench warrant?	Will I be arrested entering the US with an active bench warrant?
What Christmas traditions do you and your family have for Christmas Eve and Christmas Day?	What is your favourite family Christmas tradition?
What is the best thing in pune?	What are the best things in Pune?
What is UN resolution 47 on Kashmir?	What is the UN resolution on Kashmir?
What is the role of technology in third party logistics?	What is the objective and method of the role technology in third party logistics?
What are things that make Indians sad?	What makes Indians sad?
What makes a man pretty?	Can a man be pretty?
How do I find all of my Gmail accounts?	What is my old Gmail account?
Is our PM Modi doing the correct thing with 500 and 1000 Rs notes?	How do you see the PM Modi’s move of banning old 500 and 1000 rupee currency notes?
Why do women wear bras?	When do girls wear bras?
What is the expected cutoff for KVPY SA 2016 -17?	What is the expected cutoff for KVPY 2016 SA -stream 2016?
What is/are your New Year resolutions for 2017?	What will be your New Year's resolution for 2017?
Who won the second presidential debate between Trump and Hilary?	Who won the 2nd presidential Debate?
Is Modi's decision on demonetization of 500 and 1000 notes welcomed by public?	Was the decision by the Indian Government to demonetize 500 and 1000 notes right or is it a big scam?
Which is the best website designing company in delhi ncr?	Who is the best website designing company in Delhi NCR?
What is wrong with secularism in India?	Is secularism misinterpreted in India?
How can I lose fat without doing any aerobic physical activity?	How do I lose weight without doing exercise?
What are the advantage of yoga therapy?	What are the benefits of yoga therapy?
How the currency rates are decided?	Where and how are exchange rates determined?
Is the PS4 or the Xbox One better?	Which console is better- Xbox One or PlayStation 4?
Have you ever visited Switzerland?	Have you ever been to Switzerland?
What is ultimate purpose of life?	Wanna ask someone please. What is life? And what is the purpose of our life?
How can I delete an Instagram account?	How can I delete my Instagram account when I forgot my password and email?
What's the best way to monetize Android apps?	How do you monetize your Android application?
What were the reasons for the decline of Buddhism in India?	What is the reason for the decline of Buddhism in India and were the Hindus (Brahmins) responsible for the elimination of Buddhists from India?
How is CSE at NIT Rourkela?	How is NIT Rourkela for CSE?
How to start contributing to the  Projects in Github?	How must one start contributing to open source communities and getting familiar with GitHub?
Is it possible to get a British girlfriend in New York?	What are the keys to getting a British girlfriend in New York?
What is Hillary Clinton's foreign policy outlook with regard to India?	What would be Hillary Clinton's foreign policy towards India if elected as the President of United States?
How can I stop procrastination?	How do I stop my bad habit of procrastination?
What should I take in 11th standard to become engineer?	What stream should I take in 11th if I have to become an automobile engineer?
Who are your sources of inspiration?	What is your source of inspiration? Who is your source of inspiration?
Does masturbation causes hair thinning?	Does masturbation cause hair fall?
Did they really land on the moon or was it filmed in a studio?	Did humans really land on moon if yes then what about conspiracy theory?
When did you stop doubting that you were transgender?	When did you know you were transgender?
What are the dumbest questions ever asked on Quora?	What is the stupidest question asked on Quora?
What are some ways to learn physics?	What is the easiest way to learn physics?
What is the scope of an investment banker?	What is the scope of an investment banker in the future?
What's your new year resolution for 2017?	What's your New Year 2017 resolution?
How can I earn money online?	What are the best ways to make money online?
How do you make your life more fun?	How do I make my life more fun?
What are the private companies that recruit candidates based on their GATE score?	Which private companies recruit students through Gate?
What are some mind blowing tools and gadgets that mos't people dont know?	What are some mind blowing technology tools that most people don't know?
What are best c++ books in 2016?	What is the best way to study for c++ programming?
How can I hack my school grades?	Hackers: Is it possible to hack into a school system and change your grades?
Which one is better Nikon or Canon?	Which is the best DSLR to buy? Nikon or Canon?
What is the best font to user for coding?	What's the best font for coding?
What is the best free online IQ test?	Where can I find a good and free IQ online test?
How do you know when you've found "the one"?	How do you know if you have found your soulmate?
What are the best novels ever?	What is the best novel of all time?
How do I log in my Facebook account if you forgot your password?	How do I recover my Facebook email and password?
How do I delete a question on Quora application?	How do I delete my own question from Quora?
How do I get motivated to do well in life?	How do I get all motivated again?
What would happen to everything on earth if the earth started rotating on its side like Uranus?	What would happen if Earth had a rotation similar to Uranus?
Why does lodha panel interfere in BCCI?	Why is Lodha Panel interfering in the BCCI?
Can Google's Pixel Outclass Apple's iPhone market?	Will the launch of Google Pixel affect the Apple iPhone 7 market?
How can one get insanely rich?	How do I get rich?
How do I change my profile pic on Quora?	How do you change your profile picture?
How can we ask someone to partnership with us?	How do I ask for a partnership with a billionaire?
Why can't I delete my question on Quora?	How can you delete a question that you asked on Quora?
Why we take a bath?	Why do we do bath?
Is sex necessary in a relationship?	Is sex important in a relationship?
What Is your New year resolutions in 2017?	What are some new year resolutions for 2017?
How do girls who look beautiful remain single? Is it like no one approaches them or do they not like any company?	What is the reason behind some beautiful  girls choosing to remain single these days?
Is there risk of phishing if I clicked on a web link on an answer on Quora?	Is there risk of phishing if I click on a link on an answer in Quora?
Which is the best course for digital marketing?	What is the best digital marketing course online for a beginner?
How can I lose weight loss?	How do I lose weight ayurvedically?
Should I opt for Chemical Engineering if I am super interested in Chemistry?	Is it a good idea to take chemical engineering just because I like chemistry?
Which is the best earphone under 1000rs?	Which headphones/earphones are the best under ₹1000?
What are the best books available for data structures and algorithms?	What are the best books on algorithms for a beginner?
How QuickBooks Proavisor Tech support Phone Number is Prominent for getting Solutions?	Which is the best QuickBooks Tech Support Number in North Dakota?
What are the best offline iOS shooting games?	What are the best offline shooting games for iPhone?
What are some tips for starting a blog?	How I can start a blog?
How do I handle trust issues?	How can I fix my trust issues?
Who is paying for president-elect Trump's victory tour?	Is president-elect Trump's victory tour funded by taxpayers?
Are Jews descended from the Israelites?	Is the modern Jewish people directly descended from the original Israelites?
At what time should I drink green tea to be fit?	How can green tea help you reduce belly fat?
What classes do you wish you’d taken in high school?	What are some classes you wish you took in high school?
How will you know if someone is gay?	How do I know your gay?
How can I improve my spoken English ability?	How can I improve my fluency in English to face a more confortable job interview?
How do you get a job with no experience?	How can i get a job without experience after graduating?
Which is better either to study at late night or to study at early morning?	Which is better? Studying late night or early morning?
Can someone help me hack my gmail account?	How do I hack a Gmail account of an unknown person?
What are the websites to watch Telugu movies online?	What are the websites to watch the telugu movies?
Will iPhone 5c receive iOS 11 update in 2017?	Will iPhone 5C/5 receive iOS 11 in 2017?
What are your views on the ban of Rs 500 and Rs 1000 notes by the Indian Government? Pros cons?	What do you think about ban on Rs. 500 and Rs. 1000 currency notes?
Who invented the internet and when was it invented?	When was the Internet invented?
What is the funniest joke you've ever heard or read?	What are the funniest jokes / stories you ever heard?
How do I close up pores on my nose?	How do you get rid of visible pores on your nose?
What is the best moment of your life so far?	Which moment was one of the best moment of your life?
What are the main problems of India?	What is the main problem faced by India?
What does the rest of the world think about the Indian Army's surgical Strike in POK?	What is your view/opinion about surgical strike by the Indian Army?
What started project "Education for All" in the Philippines?	How has "Education for All" influenced education in the Philippines?
Is Muhammad a true prophet?	Was Muhammad a prophet?
how do I delete questions from quora?	How do I delete my questions off Quora?
Is it possible to get pregnant before period or after period ends?	Can you get pregnant 16 days after your period?
How did Aman Bansal study for IIT JEE?	How did aman Bansal (AIR 1 JEE) study?
How many hours should I charge my vivo x7 first time?	How many hours should I charge my new Vivo X7 first time?
How can I get Fifa 17 Coins and Points for free?	Is there any tool to generate FIFA 17 coins quickly?
Can someone hack into your iPhone just by knowing your phone number?	How hard is it to hack someone's cell phone if you just know their phone number?
Why doesn't Quora allow the use of emoticons?	Why doesn't Quora support smileys?
What's the difference between Netflix and Hulu? Which is better?	What's the difference between Netflix and Hulu?
What is the wittiest thing a child has ever said to you?	What is the cleverest thing a child has ever said to you?
How can I convince someone that Clinton is a worse candidate than Trump?	Why would Hillary Clinton be a better president than Donald Trump?
What is the best programming language for beginners to learn?	What is the best programming/coding language to learn?
Which is the best post graduate medical entrance exam coaching centre in India?	Which is the best coaching centre for a post graduate medical entrance exam in Chennai?
How do I get accepted into Berklee College of music?	How do I get into Berklee College of Music?
How can you tell if someone has a low self-esteem?	How do you know if you have low self-esteem?
How many women have accused Trump of sexual assault?	Donald Trump brags about sexually assaulting women. How many women has he assaulted?
Has Hillary Clinton already won the election?	Is Hillary Clinton going to win the election?
What is it like owning a rolls Royce?	What is it like to own a Rolls Royce?
What is a real success?	What is real success for you?
What does Balaji Vishwanathan think of Nehru?	What did Balaji Vishwanathan think about Nehru?
How do I recover deleted direct messages from Instagram?	How do you retrieve deleted direct messages on Instagram?
Where does Hillary Clinton stand on the Palestinian-Israeli conflict?	What is Hillary Clinton’s opinion of the Israeli-Palestinian conflict?
What are top 10 books to read before you die?	What are some good challenging books that I should read before I die?
Do girls express their feelings for a guy through their dress's color or dress code while meeting that guy?	Do girls express their feelings for a guy through their dress color or dress code while meeting that particular guy?
Can we control our actions in a dream?	Can you control your dreams?
What are some of the best coaching places to prepare for IELTS in Delhi?	Which is best institute for IELTS in Delhi?
Which mobile phone should I buy under Rs.15000?	What are the good options for mobile phones under 15000?
What is the capital of California state?	What is the capital of California?
What is the last thing you want to do before you die?	What do you want to accomplish before you die?
Why is Quora so unwaiveringly liberal and anti Trump?	Why is Quora so much against Trump?
What is a bar?	What is bar?
How does Microsoft benefit from LinkedIn acquisition?	Why did Microsoft buy LinkedIn for $26.2 billion in an all-cash deal?
How can I learn Java at home?	How can I learn Java from home?
How does phosphorus react with chlorine?	Does phosphorus react with chlorine?
What is the full form of "Quora"?	What is the full form of Quora?
Where can I watch movies online for free?	Are there any ways to watch movies for free?
Why nobody answer my questions in Quora?	Why will no one answer my question on Quora?
What could be the consequences of recalling 500 and 1000 rupee note?	How will the ban of 1000 and 500 rupee notes affect the Indian economy?
Guy I'm dating sends a text every 2 days but then doesn't answer back ever for over 8 hours. I called him out nicely today and no still no word.Next?	Why does guy I'm dating send a text once in a while and then either take hours to answer again or never answer back and tries again two days later?
Why do we celebrate holi?	Why should everyone celebrate Holi?
How do I create an effective profile on Upwork?	How can I build a strong profile on Upwork?
How do you make a 5 yr old boy to stop lying?	How do you teach a child to stop lying?
What do peoples of other countries think about India and Indians?	What do foreigners think about India?
Why does my Vizio TV turn on by itself?	How can you prevent a Vizio TV from turning itself off?
How do lose weight with healthy way?	How do I lose weight ayurvedically?
What is the best book for gate preparation?	What are the best books for gate for mechanical engineering?
How can one overcome procrastination?	How do I overcome laziness and ego?
Is premarital sex right or wrong?	Is premarital sex good or bad?
How do I impress girls?	What should I do to impress a girl?
Should I take mass gainer or whey protein?	Which is better for me: whey protein or mass gainer?
How do I get rid of visible fat on my chest and belly?	How do I get rid of the last layer of fat from my belly?
I want to reduce my tummy .what should I do?	How can I reduce tummy fat?
How we lose belly fat india?	How can I effectively lose belly fat?
Is it true that the soul can cause the body to combust?	Why would someone's soul cause their body to burn to ash suddenly?
How can one make money online?	How can I earn money easily online?
What do blood type o positive mean?	What does having an "O" blood type mean?
What is the story behind Sonam Gupta?	Who is Sonam Gupta and what's the scene behind it?
Will banning 500 and 1000 notes can stop the black money?	How will the scrapping of Rs 500 and Rs 1000 notes help in reducing black money and corruption?
Is it likely to get pregnant during day 3 of my period with unprotected sex?	Can I get pregnant 3 days after period if I bled for not even a full 3 days?
What qualifies me to get a green card?	Who can help me get an America green card?
How do I make money from home?	What is the easiest way to earn money from online?
Would Donald Trump make a good U.S president? Why or why not?	Donald Trump: Would you be a good president?
How will I improve my spoken English?	How can I improve my spoken English?
How will India's relation with US be affected if Donald Trump wins the US elections?	What does a Donald Trump presidency mean for the US - India relationship?
What should I do if my best friend is dating my crush?	My best friend is dating my crush. What can I do?
What are the best English motivational songs?	What are the best motivational songs in English?
What should I do after msc mathematics?	What options do I have after doing MSc mathematics if I don't want to go for teaching?
Is Germany the best place to do MS in pharmacy?	Is Germany the best place to do an MS in Pharmacy?
How can I have a clear voice (man)?	How do I have a clear voice for man?
I never signed up for this Quora account. How do I delete this account?	How do I unsubscribe and delete my Quora account?
What exactly interstellar movie is all about?	What exactly is the Interstellar story about?
What makes someone a good teacher?	What should be the first and most important quality of a good teacher?
Are there any Donald Trump supporters on Quora?	Who is voting for / supports Trump on Quora?
Who is the worst NBA basketball player of all time?	Who is the worst player in NBA history?
Who is the best user to follow on Quora and why?	Who should I follow on Quora who has really good answers that I could learn from?
What are the major differences between Chinese and Western cultures?	What are the major differences between Chinese and Western culture?
What are the advantages of the BHIM app over PhonePe?	What are the pros and cons of BHIM app over Phone pe?
How hard is it to become Top Question Writer on Quora?	How are top writers selected by Quora?
How do I understand maths?	How can I understand math better?
How was the best date you ever had?	What's the most amazing date you've ever been on?
Does long distance relationship work?	What does it take for a successful long distance relationship?
Is WWE Really fake?	Is WWE Wrestling acted?
How do you melt peanut butter? How is peanut butter made?	How is peanut butter made?
Is there a difference between anxiety attacks and panic attacks?	What is the difference between a panic attack and an anxiety attack?
Why do a majority of Quorans think negatively about Facebook?	Why are Quorans so critical about Facebook?
What is the difference between ecotone and ecocline?	What is the difference between an ecotone and ecocline?
What I can do to last longer during sex?	How do I last longer with sex?
What are the side effects of Demonetization?	What will be the side effects of demonetization?
What's the difference between HBO Go and HBO Now?	What are the key differences between HBO Now and HBO GO?
What is the scope of engineering for the future?	Is there is scope for engineers in future?
What is the expected KVPY 2016 SA cut off?	How was KVPY SA 2016 ? How does it compare to previous year papers? What is your expected cutoff for it?
What are the positives of C++?	What are the pros of C++?
What are the most unique ways to cook eggs?	What are some unusual ways of cooking eggs?
What is it like to participate in the Jagriti Yatra?	What is the experience in the environment of Jagriti Yatra?
What is the best online payday loans for bad credit?	Can I get payday loans with bad credit?
How do I get a job at Goldman Sachs?	What should I do to get to Goldman Sachs?
How can I make money online for job?	How can we earn money online without investment?
Does Israel have a movie industry? Who are the famous ones?	Does Israel have a movie industry?
Why is econometrics an inexact science?	Why is econometrics not an exact science?
Which is the Best Packers and Movers in Bangalore?	Who are the best packers and movers in Bangalore?
What should I do to achieve my aim?	How can I fix my aim?
How can a man convert his black money into white after 8th of November 2016?	What are some possible ways to convert black money into white after introducing the new currency notes?
What is the correct age for a girl to get married?	What is a correct age for a girl to get married?
What are the measures to stop moral policing in India?	Can Moral Policing ever be stopped in India?
Which are the great examples of presence of mind?	What are some examples of common sense or presence of mind?
Asbestos abatement or acoustic ceiling removal?	Asbesto abatement or acoustic ceiling removal?
Audio Equipment: What is the best Headphone under Rs 2K available in India?	Which are the best headphones to buy under Rs 2000 in India?
How can I fix my trust issues?	How do I deal with trusting issues?
How do I use a penis pump?	What would be the best way to use a penis pump?
What incident changed your life forever?	What is one decision that changed your life forever?
What is the best way for making money online?	What are some easy ways to make done extra money online?
How do I have a better sex life?	 How can I improve my sex life?
Why are there still people who think that the Earth is flat?	Why do some people currently believe the earth is flat?
How do I publish research papers during engineering?	Where can I publish research papers and engineering projects?
What is an accurate way to calculate your IQ?	What's the most accurate way to test my IQ?
Why is Saltwater Taffy candy imported in Spain?	Why is Saltwater taffy candy imported in Switzerland?
Why should i stay in India and not migrate abroad ?	Why would you prefer to stay in India and not settle abroad?
How can I lose 4kg weight?	What is a good diet to lose weight?
Perception: Is time perceived differently by different people?	Is the perception of time different for different people?
What are the most hilarious jokes ever?	What is the most Hilarious JOKE you have ever heard?
How are black holes formed?	How are black holes born?
What is GDP in detail?	What is GDP and how it is calculated ?
How can I float in the water?	What are some ways of floating in the water?
Why did Daksha Prajapati curse Chandra Dev to wither and die?	Why did Daksha curse lord Moon?
What are the best moments in your college life?	How are the best moments in your college life?
Why can't I upload pictures to Quora?	Why can't I post a picture on Quora?
What was your first sex experience?	How does it feel to have sex the first time?
Do waist trainers work?	Does waist training work?
What are some of the best Jager mixers?	What are some great Jager mixers?
When will Suzuki gixxer sf fi hit the market?	When will Gixxer SF FI be released?
Who are the hottest pornstars of all time?	Who is the hottest pornstar of all time?
What is the best exercise for biceps?	What are the best exercises to improve biceps?
Which is the top online dating app?	Which one is the best dating app?
How do I add tags to my question in Quora?	How do I add a topic in Quora?
How can Maus tank do in a fight against a modern tank like the M1?	Who would win in a fight between a Maus tank and a M1 Abrams?
What is the significance of PayPal separating from eBay?	Why did PayPal split from Ebay?
Which is the best and durable classy laptop under 40000 INR?	Which is the best laptop to buy under 40000?
How does someone become a better problem solver?	How can I be a problem solver?
How do I track my cheating partner?	How do I track my cheating spouse?
How do I stop my Chihuahua from biting my shoes?	How do I stop my Yorkie/Corgi mix from chewing my shoes?
How does cloud computing work?	What is cloud computing and its disadvantages?
What will happen to Chinese students studying abroad in America now that Trump is president?	Will foreign students studying in the USA be unwelcomed after Donald Trump is elected as president?
What do South Koreans think about Holocaust?	What do South Koreans think of Holocaust?
Is Hillary Clinton a lesbian or bisexual or heterosexual?	Is Hillary Clinton really a lesbian?
What is instinctive behavior?	What is instinct behavior?
How do I publish articles?	How do I publish an article?
What causes an itchy palm?	What is the myth behind the itchy right palm?
How could we know that we are falling in love?	How do you know if you’re in love?
Do Quora users still see questions that are marked as needing improvement?	Why do my questions on Quora need improving?
How do we cram before exam?	What is the most effective way to cram for an exam?
Are people underestimating Donald Trumps chances of becoming President?	What are the chances of Donald Trump becoming the President?
What pushes people to suicide?	What are the reasons some people commit suicide?
Can WhatsApp be hacked?	Can I hack anyone’s Whatsapp remotely?
What is the difference between Chinese food and western food?	What are the differences between Western and Chinese food?
What is stock market? How can one invest?	What is stock market and how can one invest?
What would have happened if President Richard Nixon didn't resign?	Did Richard Nixon have to resign?
Why did Donald Trump win the election?	How did Donald Trump win the election?
What are the side effects of masturbating daily (once) in men?	What are the side effects of masturbating 7 days a week?
Is demonetization a failure?	Is demonetization a failed move?
Will my belly button (navel) hurt when I get it pierced?	Does getting a belly button piercing hurt?
How useful are Khan Academy's courses?	How good are Khan Academy's courses?
How is Paytm making a profit?	How does paytm earn profits?
How could you hack someone’s mobile phone?	How can you hack a cell phone?
How often do you Google yourself?	How often should you Google yourself?
Has anyone ever actually seen God (outside the Bible)?	Has anyone ever actually seen God?
How do I earn working from home?	How can I work and earn from home?
How can I stop worrying about what other people think of me?	How can I be indifferent to what people think of me?
How can I unlock my iphone when I forgot my password?	How do I unlock my iPhone if I forgot my password?
How can I see who viewed my instagram?	How do you know who viewed you video on Instagram?
How can you know if someone is lying to you?	How do you tell someone that they are lying to you?
How GST will affect eCommerce?	Will GST affect eCommerce?
Why I can't go faster than light?	Why can't anything go faster than light?
Does the FBI have Hillary Clinton under surveillance?	Is the FBI “really” investigating Hillary Clinton?
Is Hillary Clinton seriously ill?	Why does it matter if Hillary Clinton has poor health?
Are there any alternative question and answer websites to Quora?	Are there any websites that has similar functions as Quora?
What is the difference between Graded Potential and Action Potential?	What's the difference between a graded and action potential?
How do I and what do I prepare for the DELF B1 exams?	How do I prepare for DELF B1?
Why is Tamil one of the official languages of Singapore?	Why is tamil spoken in singapore?
How can I improve my speaking?	How can improve my English speaking?
Why is my Frigidaire refrigerator leaking water?	Why does my Frigidaire refrigerator leak water?
How do I get the confidence to talk to girls?	How can we improve confidence when taking with girls?
Why is the rate of expansion of the universe increasing?	Why is the expansion of the universe accelerating?
Is it possible to get an AIR in CPT by self studying?	How should I study for CA CPT to get a rank?
What is the use of Quora?	What are the uses of Quora?
How do I add images in Quora?	How do people write huge 'questions' and also add picture in the 'question' on Quora?
How can I forget someone I love strongly?	How do I forget someone whom I once loved deeply?
How do I get an adequate knowledge of the share market?	How can I acquire knowledge about the share market?
What is the best horror movie?	What are some of the best horror movies?
What is full form of sony?	What is the full form of Sony?
What are some ideas of a new business with low investment to start in India?	What are the small investment business ideas?
How does the share market works?	How does the share market work?
What is the function of the mitochondria in a plant cell?	What is the function of mitochondria in a plant cell?
How can I earn money online without investing? Are there some authentic jobs online?	How can one earn money online without investment?
Which is the best service LG TV service center in Hyderabad?	How can we find an LG TV service center in Hyderabad?
What was Steve Jobs like?	What was Steve Jobs really like?
How can I create a rocket?	How do I make a liquid fuelled rocket?
How do I change my Facebook password?	How do I log in my Facebook account if you forgot your password?
Which are some must read books?	Which are some of the books that is a must read for a person in his 20s?
Will there be another billion dollar lottery Jackpot?	When will the next billion dollar jackpot happen in the lottery?
What is the difference between drafting and design?	What is the difference between design and drafting?
What are ways to lose belly fat?	What should I eat to get rid of belly fat?
How should I prepare for interview?	How do I prepare for my first job interview?
What are the worst companies in India to work with and why?	What are some of the worst companies to work for in India?
Could Donald Trump realistically be the cause of WW3?	How would Donald Trump realistically cause World War 3?
What are alternatives for butter extract?	What can I use to substitute butter extract?
What type of food should you feed a baby Pitbull?	What should I feed my 8 week old pitbull?
How effective is not eating for losing weight?	Does not eating help you lose weight?
How do I post blog on Quora?	How do you create a blog in Quora?
Why do girls make sound while having sex?	Why do girls moan during sex?
How can I land a job at Microsoft?	How can I work in Microsoft?
Why don't women approach guys they like?	Why don't most women approach guys first?
Can I get pregnant 14 days after my period started?	Can you get pregnant 2 days before your period has ended?
Science: Is air a compound or a mixture?	Is pure air a compound or a mixture?
What is the best book for programming?	What are the best books for programming?
How can be a entrepreneur?	How can I be entrepreneur?
Will massaging my breasts make them become larger?	Can you make your breasts bigger by massaging them?
Which subjects are important to become a chartered accountant?	How can I become a Chartered Accountant in India?
How do you get rid of a addiction?	How do I quit any kind of addiction?
What is the salary of the Prime Minister?	What is the salary of prime minister?
What is the main difference between an iPod Classic 6th generation and a 7th generation?	What is the main difference between the iPod Classic 6th generation and the 7th generation?
What is Quora and why should we care?	What is Quora and why should I care?
How can I increase traffic to my site and what are some suggestions on how to get more of it?	How do i get traffic for website?
What are some evidence that Ramayana and Mahabharata did happen?	Did both Ramayana and Mahabharata truly happen?
What are the best romantic movies?	Which one is the best romantic movie?
How come the media is quiet about Donald Trump's child rape case?	Why is Donald Trump's new child rape accusation not being covered by media?
Does a dead body decompose in space?	Do people decompose in space?
How can I meet Modi?	How can I meet Narendra Modi?
How is Donald Trump viewed in Japan?	Is Donald Trump popular in Japan?
What are some popular method to do suicide?	What are ways to commit suicide?
Has anyone tasted and tested "Raw pressery" juices and are they effective?	Has anyone tested raw pressery juices and are they effective?
Why is it so important for Indians to know what other people think about them?	Why do Indians care so much about what other nation's people think about them?
How do I get rid of rats?	How can I get rid of field rats?
What should I do to stay motivated and happy?	How do I get all motivated again?
How do I stop worrying about what others think of me?	How do I learn not to care about what people think of me?
My period was due 4 days ago and has not come. Can I be pregnant?	Delayed periods by 6 days can I be pregnant?
What are some best laptops under 50k?	What is the best laptop under Rs.50000 in India?
What is mixed economic system?	What is a mixed economic system?
What’s your top 10 list of horror movies?	Can somebody help me with the list of best top horror movies of all time?
Which is the best institute for Hadoop and gives placements in Bangalore?	Which is the best institute in Bangalore to learn hadoop (hadoop developer)?
Is Donald Trump really a Democrat?	Is Donald Trump a covert operative for the Clintons?
Can you offer me any advice on how to lose weight?	How can I lose 4kg weight?
What do people from other countries think about American accents?	What do non Americans think about American accents?
What are the safety precautions on handling shotguns proposed by the NRA in Arizona?	What are the safety precautions on handling shotguns proposed by the NRA in Hawaii?
Who is the world's best mathematician?	Who is the best mathematician?
How can I get a list of my Gmail accounts?	How can I get a list of my Gmail addresses?
As a web developer how can I contribute to open source on GitHub?	How must one start contributing to open source communities and getting familiar with GitHub?
How many stars in the sky?	How many stars are there in sky?
Why do people ask question on Quora that can be easily and definitively answered by Googling?	Why do people bother to ask questions on Quora they could just google to get the answer?
Does a superfluid dark matter which ripples when Galaxy clusters collide and waves in a double slit experiment relate GR and QM?	Does superfluid dark matter ripple when galaxy clusters collide and wave in double slit experiments?
What are some tips for dressing like Ariana Grande?	How can I dress like Ariana Grande?
Is there any country without a national anthem?	Are there any countries without national anthems?
How is Donald Trump a better choice than Hillary Clinton?	Why is Hillary Clinton worse than Donald Trump?
What are some ways to avoid addiction?	How do I avoid addictions?
What are the best books for preparation of gate exam(me)?	Which are the best books for GATE?
How do I unscribe from Quora?	How do I unsubcribe from Quora?
Does Area 51 have aliens inside it?	Are there aliens in area 51 facility?
Is there anyway to bypass iCloud activation?	How do I Bypass icloud on stolen iphone?
How should you read the Harry Potter books? What sequence should you follow?	How are Harry Potter books to be read?
What are the things to never say in an interview?	What are some things you shouldn't do or say in a job interview?
How are the lanes determined in Olympic track events?	How are the lanes assigned for track events at Olympics?
What is Publisher’s Clearing House?	What is Publishers Clearing House?
Why did Trump win the Presidency?	How did Donald Trump win the 2016 US Presidential Election?
Why do we need reservation in India?	Do sc/st/obc really need reservation in India?
What is the function of a hard drive?	What is a hard disk? What are the functions of a hard disk?
How does one meet British people in the Big Apple?	Where can one meet British people in NYC?
Has globalization made states stronger or weaker?	Has globalisation made states stronger or weaker?
Will rupee value rise after banning 500 and 1000 notes?	Will the value of rupee increase after the 500 and 1000 rupees notes are banned?
How do I teach someone value of time?	How do you teach and guide a child to value and respect time?
How can I train a dog perfectly?	How can I train my dog?
How would scrapping Rs 500 and 1000 notes affect the real estate sector?	How will the ban on 500 and 1000 rupee notes effect land/house rates?
What is the sweetest thing someone said to you?	What is the cutest thing someone has ever said to you?
Is there any rule that we can not buy general tickets for express trains before 4 hours?	Is there any rule that we cannot buy general ticket for trains before four hours?
Will the new Rs 2000 notes carry a nano GPS chip? Will it really Help?	Do the new ₹2000 notes really have GPS chips or something similar?
How can I increase the traffic to my website?	How do I  increase traffic on my site?
What should I do if your ex contact you? i Still miss her	What will you do when you ex contacts you?
Who will win in the UP election?	Who will win the UP elections?
How does it feel to die and then come back to life?	What does it feel to have died and be brought back to life?
What are some healthy habits that every one should follow daily in order to maintain a happy and healthy life?	What are some healthy daily activities and habits every student should adopt?
Does swimming help to reduce belly fat?	How can I reduce belly fat by just by swimming?
What is the importance of reading?	Importance of reading?
Is it healthy to eat fish every day?	Is it healthy to eat instant white oats every day?
How can I increase the traffic to my website?	What is the best way to get free traffic to my website?
How can I find and get a business mentor?	How do I ask someone to be my mentor?
What should I do to improve my English ?	What are some ways to improve English?
How do I increase my sexual stamina?	How can I improve sexual stamina?
How do I get an internship in Google?	How can one get an internship at google?
What is it like to attend an Ivy League school?	What is it like to attend an Ivy League?
What is your opinion on zoos?	What is your opinion about keeping animals in zoos?
What is your opinion on PM Narendra Modi's decision to ban INR 500 and INR 1000 notes?	What do you think of the decision by the Indian government to demonetize 500 and 1000 rupee notes?
What are the good ways to learn Data Structures?	What is the best course for learning data structures?
How do I know my spouse is cheating?	How do I know if my wife cheats?
How should I prepare for MBA entrance exam of 2017?	How do I prepare for MBA admission exam?
Which is the best earphone under rs500?	What is the best earphone under 500rs?
What makes Elon Musk so successful?	How did Elon Musk become so amazing?
What is the one thing that you are most scared of?	What is the one thing that scares you the most?
How can I gain weight as a teenager?	How do I gain weight at sixteen years old?
How do I prepare for CA CPT exam without getting demotivated?	What is the best way to prepare for CPT exam?
Which will be the best budget laptop under 30k?	Which laptop is best to buy within the range of 30000rs?
Do we need a President of the United States?	Does the United States need a President?
How can I get people to donate on GoFundMe?	How can I get people to check out a GoFundMe page for my daughter?
How could I gain weight in a healthy way?	How can I gain weight but also eat healthy?
What are some quick and creative side dishes using stuffed peppers?	What are some good side dishes to serve with stuffed peppers?
How do you make money with Quora?	Can we earn money through Quora?
How can I start making money using internet?	What is the easiest way to earn money using internet?
Why do people hate Hillary Clinton?	Why do people hate Hilary Clinton?
Is the low pass percentage in ca exams due to its difficulty or the quality of students attempting it?	Is there really a predetermined pass percentage in CA exams?
Which are the best thrilling Hollywood movies?	What are the best thrilling Hollywood movies?
Is amway nutrilite protien powder effective for bodybuilding?	Should I drink amway nutrilite protein powder to gain muscles?
Where can I get best quality wall and floor tiles at very affordable rates in Sydney area?	Where can I found best quality floor tile collections in Sydney?
What are the requirement needed for genetic engineering studies?	What are the requirements needed for genetic studies?
Why are there stones on railway tracks?	Why are there crushed stones alongside rail tracks?
What is the most common age of Quora users?	What is the age distribution of Quora users?
What do you think of selfies?	What do you think about selfies?
Will animals like dogs ever be able to talk?	Will dogs one day be able to talk?
Is it possible to get high off weed accidentally?	Can a person with extremely low tolerance to weed get a second hand high from vapor?
Why is Quora such regressive left?	Why is Quora so left sided?
Is there any home remedy for Diabetes?	Are there any home remedies for diabetes?
How do I get angel investors willing to invest in Africa?	How do I find angel investors in Africa?
How do I stop worrying so much?	How should one stop worrying about the future and start living happily?
What does it feel like to look beautiful?	What does it feel like to be beautiful?
Did the golden trio return to Hogwarts to finish their schooling? Why did they make their individual decisions?	Did the Golden Trio return to Hogwarts to finish their schooling? Why did they make their decision?
What are your favourite UK TV series?	What is the Best UK TV series?
How does a woman rape a man?	Is it possible for a woman to rape a man?
How do I insert alphabets in binary search tree?	How do I insert a new node on a binary tree (not search binary tree)?
How do you feel about Donald Trump being named Time Magazine’s Person of the Year?	What do you think about Donald Trump being elected as the TIME person of the year 2016?
How do I become more social around people?	How do I become a more social person?
Who are some celebrities that have a Quora account?	Who are the celebrities who are on Quora?
What is macroevolution? How does it differ from microevolution?	What is microevolution and how does it differ from macroevolution?
What is the expected cutoff for KVPY SA 2016 -17?	What is the cut-off for KVPY exam( SA stream ) 2016 and when are the results declared?
Is an albuterol inhaler a steroid? Is it safe to use?	Why is is Albuterol considered a steroid?
What are the different kinds of self-harm?	What are the different kinds of self harm?
Who is the strongest Marvel character?	Who are the strongest Marvel characters and why?
What do you need to control boiling water?	What do you need to control boiled water?
How do I motivate myself to learn?	How could I motivate myself to learn stuff?
Is having sex before marriage right?	Is it right to having sex before marriage?
What can I do to practice my English?	How can I improve my communication skills in english?
Why do royal lawyers in Great Britain wear wigs?	Why do British lawyers and judges wear wigs in the courtroom?
Why is Saltwater taffy candy imported in China?	Why are saltwater taffy imported in Japan?
What is Apache Hadoop?	Explain what is Hadoop?
What is it like to be gay and also a devout evangelical Christian?	What's it like to be gay and a Christian?
How can you prevent jet lag?	How can I deal with jet lag?
Do we still need reservation in INDIA? Why?	Do sc/st/obc really need reservation in India?
Can someone help me imagining the fourth dimension?	How can I imagine a fourth spacial dimension?
Does time stops?	Can time stop?
How can I increase my English fluency?	How can I learn English well？?
What it is like to live in Mumbai?	What is it like to stay in Mumbai?
How do I make money from home?	How can I start to make money online?
What are some universal pet peeves?	What are the most common pet peeves?
How do I wish someone happy birthday?	What is the best way to wish someone a happy birthday?
Why if number of poles increases the speed increases in synchronous motor physical understanding?	Why if number of poles increases the speed increases in synchronous motor?
Is caste reservation system still necessary in India?	Do sc/st/obc really need reservation in India?
What are the funniest photos you have ever seen?	What's the funniest picture you've ever seen?
Hello is this <*/\*>1800*-251-*4919*-*<*/\*> Linksys router Technical support phone number?	( (#.! .#)) Linksys Router Tech Support Number 1 8.0.0:2.5.1:4.9.1.9 : Linksys Router Support Phone Number?
Which final year project I can choose for my B.Tech Mechanical engineering?	What can be topics for final year project of B.Tech (mechanical)?
How do I increase the speed of reading skills without compromising on comprehension?	What are the best ways to develop reading speed and comprehension?
Without net neutrality will the internet die?	What would happen to the internet if we lost net neutrality?
Who do you think is the most overrated Indian cricketer of all time?	Indian Cricket: Who is the most overrated Indian cricketer?
Why is Donald Trump not racist?	Why do some people say that Donald Trump is racist?
Why do some people get offended so easily by everything?	Why do some people get offended easily?
What are the symptoms of anxiety?	How can I tell I have anxiety?
How can I learn to speak English fluently?	How do I speak fluent English with confidence?
Is time travel possible through cosmic strings?	Time Travel Is It Possible?
What was that best moment of your life?	What was your best moment?
What is the difference between a stock broker and stock trader?	What's the difference between a trader and a broker?
What's a good argument against evolution?	What is the one single best argument against evolution?
What is something you find annoying on Quora?	What annoys you on Quora?
What are the things that make Indian sad?	India: What are things that make Indians sad? And what are you doing about it?
Where can I get very cost-effective envelope printing service in Sydney?	Where can I get very professional and reliable envelope printing service in Sydney?
What are the facts and fiction about Leonardo da Vinci?	What are some interesting stories about Leonardo da Vinci?
What is it like to work in an airport?	What is it like to work at an airport?
How do I accept that I'm a loser?	How do I accept that I am a loser?
How do I start with Android development?	How do I create an Android application?
How do I recover my gmail password when I lost my registered recovery number?	How do I reset my Gmail password with a different phone number if I don’t remember my recover email accent?
What is the best event management college in india?	Which is the best event management institute in india?
How can I block Hillary Clinton on Quora?	Can I block someone from following me on Quora?
How do you get better grades?	How can I study to get better grades?
Which is the best gaming laptop to buy under 60k?	What is BEST gaming laptops under 60000 in 2016?
What benefits will I see from cold showers?	What are the benefits of taking a cold shower?
What are some of your favorite cuisines?	What is your favorite cuisine?
I'm 16 and I want to be a millionaire right now. Where do I start? What can a 16 year old do to make money in real estate?	I'm 15 right now. What can I do to become a millionaire by my 20s?
What will be Hillary Clinton's India policy if she is elected as the President?	What will be Hilary Clinton's policy towards India if she become President?
I'm fat. How do I lose weight?	How do I reduce my weight?
How do I prepare for GATE CSE 2018?	How should I prepare for gate CSE 2018?
What is a heteronym with examples?	What is heteronym? What are some examples?
Can you share some examples of pseudo feminism?	What is pseudo feminism?
How do I personal message on Quora?	How do I personal message someone on Quora?
How important is physical attraction for a marriage?	Why is physical attraction so important in a relationship?
Is GST going to be a boon or bane for India?	Is GST is bane or boon to the society?
How can I get better at understanding math?	What are some ways to be better at understanding math?
How do people earn money through YouTube in India?	How can I earn money from YouTube?
How should I proceeded to become a good programmer?	How do I become great programmer?
How do I log in my Facebook account if you forgot your password?	I forgot my Facebook password and email password. How can I log into Facebook?
What is the c# best book for beginners?	What is the best c# book for a beginner?
Can the Electoral College stop Trump and vote in Clinton?	Do you think republican members of the electoral college will go against tradition and refuse to vote for Trump in December 2016?
Would a guy try and kiss you and text right after the first date that he had fun if he was just being polite and not interested?	Why do guys try to kiss me after our first date but then don't contact me for days after or sometimes not at all?
How do I add more topics to my Quora account?	How do I add topics on Quora from the big list?
How can I get stiff and lean body?	How do I get lean?
What is malware? What does it do?	What is malware?
Why do witches fly on broomsticks?	Do witches fly on brooms at night?
What should I do to lose weight in one month?	How do I lose the most amount of weight possible in a one month period?
How would we know if we are living in a computer simulation or video game?	How do we know that we are not living in a computer simulation?
How do I know if my phone is tapped?	How do I check if my phone is tapped?
What are good ways to get h1b visa?	How do I get an H1B visa to the USA?
Where and when did your love story begin?	How did your love story begin?
How does one become a commercial pilot?	What do I need to do to become a commercial pilot?
How can I hack somebody's Facebook account if that person is not added as a friend?	What is the easiest way to hack Facebook account?
What programming languages are in demand now?	What are the most in demand programming languages?
What do you do if you feel bored about your job?	When you feel bored in your job what do you do?
What are the best and worst TV commercials seen these days on Indian national channels?	What are some of the best Indian TV commercials?
What is a variable in C?	What is variable in C?
How would you spend your last 24 hours that you had to live?	What will you do during the last 24 hours of your life?
What kind of tool do you use to measure volume?	What scientific instruments can measure volume?
How do I get famous on Musical.ly?	How do I become famous on musically?
How does temperature affect the locations of deciduous forest?	How does global warming affect the deciduous forest's locations?
What is the difference between a digital signature and an electronic signature?	What is the difference between electronic signatures and digital signatures?
How much is a software engineer paid per month in India?	How much are software engineers paid for working in India?
Will Hillary Clinton go to jail for her alleged crimes?	Will Hillary face justice for her crimes?
What are the tips to prevent business-failure?	How can I prevent business failure?
What are some new features in iPhone 7?	What are some features of the new iPhone 7?
How do I unsubscribe from all email?	How can I Unsubscribe from emails?
What does Trump's victory mean for India?	How will Trump's victory affect India?
What do astronauts and Physicists have to say about the movie Interstellar?	What do physicists think about the 2014 movie Interstellar?
What is the the importance of history?	Is it really important to learn history?
What are the best IAS coaching institutes in Chennai?	Which is the best IAS coaching institute in Chennai?
How can I message some one on Quora?	Can I send message on Quora?
What are the safety precautions on handling shotguns proposed by the NRA in Vermont?	What are the safety precautions on handling shotguns proposed by the NRA in Maine?
How do you make a blacksmith forge?	How can I make a blacksmithing forge?
How would the newly introduced rs 2000 notes not contribute to laundering and black money?	How is replacing 1000 rs notes with 2000 rs notes going to make black money hoarding a lot harder?
Are there any celebs on Quora?	Who are some famous people who contribute to Quora?
Is a master in finance worth it?	Is a Msc in Finance worth it?
What are the benefits of Emotional distress?	Are there any benefits of emotional distress?
Which are the top places to visit in Kerala?	What are the best places to visit on a 3-day trip in and around Kerala?
What would happen if a nuclear or atom bomb exploded underwater?	What will happen if a nuclear bomb is dropped in the water and explodes?
How many people in Hong Kong are dual citizens?	How many people in Hong Kong hold a foreign passport?
How can one overcome procrastination?	How can I beat procrastination?
What super powers would you like to have?	Which superpower would you like to have?
How can I hack mobile phone?	How could you hack someone’s mobile phone?
How can we achieve our dream?	How do I achieve my dreams gaol?
What is the best way to find flats or pg rooms in Mumbai?	Which is the best way to find PG in Mumbai?
How can I stop doing masturbations?	How can one stop masturbation?
Is Quora Social Media?	Is Quora a social media site?
What do you do on weekends?	What do you do during weekends?
What book will change how you see the world?	What books will change how I view the world?
What weapons are used in spiritual warfare?	What is spiritual warfare? What are the weapons used?
What are some of the best ways to manage work and studies both at a time?	How do you manage time between work and study?
What is the thing you've done that can make you the laziest person in the world?	What is the laziest thing you have done which nothing can compete with in laziness?
What is it like to become a millionaire before age 30?	How do I become a millionaire before the age of 30 in the UK?
How do men last longer in bed?	What's a way to last longer during sex? (For guys)?
How can I manage my time in the most efficient way?	What are the best ways to use my time most efficiently?
Why do some white women like black?	Why do some white women like black men?
Which is the best gaming laptop in 60000 Rs?	What are some of the best gaming laptops under rs 60000 that are available in india?
What are the chances of WW3 in 2017?	Will ww3 ever happen?
Who according to you is the most corrupt Indian politician ever?	Who are most corrupt Indian politicians?
How would you use the word "gratuitous" in a sentence?	How do you use the word "gratuitous" in a sentence?
How do I start career in data science?	How can I be a data scientist?
Will real estate and prices of essential goods come down in India after the ban of 500 and 1000 notes?	How will be the banning of 500 and 1000 rupees notes will have impact on real estate and Construction industry in India?
What's the most secure web browser?	Which web browser is the most secure ever?
What are the safety precautions on handling shotguns proposed by the NRA in New Hampshire?	What are the safety precautions on handling shotguns proposed by the NRA in Utah?
How will demonetization help Indian economy?	What are the benefits of demonetization to the Indian economy?
Why is sodium chloride a strong electrolyte?	Why is NaCl considered a strong electrolyte?
Why do people often ask questions in Quora while they can Google it themselves?	Do people post questions in Quora just so that they can skip searching in Google for a few minutes?
Can Instagram be hack?	Is Instagram easily hacked?
Which is your favourite film in 2016?	What are your top 10 favourite movies of 2016?
Can you make your penis larger at the age of 27?	How can I make my penis thicker?
Social Studies: What is the Missouri compromise?	What is the Missouri compromise?
Why can't we tap into our brains' full powers?	Why is it that we haven't been able to tap into the full potential of our brains?
Will India ever host the Olympics?	When will India host Olympics?
Who do you think will run for president as a democrat in 2020?	Who are some Democrats who could run against Trump in 2020?
What are some examples of the law of attraction?	What are some examples of the law of attraction that you experienced?
Is it safe to give a dog Benadryl to help it sleep?	How can you give dogs Benadryl to calm them down?
What is the best way to find my love?	How can I find my love?
How do I develop an Android app in Visual Studio?	Can we build an Android app in Visual Studio?
Where can I download TV shows without torrent?	Where can we download TV series for free without torrents?
How can I speak English fluently and fast?	How can I learn to speak English fluently?
What is the most time saving subtitling software?	What is the most time-saving subtitling software?
How do you cancel your Progressive insurance policy?	What are some ways of cancelling a Progressive insurance policy online?
How is it possible to have a civil war?	Is it possible to have a civil-war?
How are metals able to conduct heat?	How do metals differ from non-metals in terms of conducting heat?
How do I overcome depression and jealousy?	What should i do to overcome depression ?
What will happen to the election if Hillary Clinton gets indicted?	What would happen if Hillary Clinton wins the election but then indicted?
What are nice cocktails with vodka?	What are some good mixers for vodka?
Which mobile phone is the best under 15k?	Which is the best phone below 15000?
What is the difference between an MP3 and an FLAC file?	What kind of disadvantages does an MP3 file have over a FLAC file?
How the way to speak english fluently?	What is the best way to improve my spoken English soon?
What's your opinion on Indian Prime Minister Modi's new policy about illegalization of 500 and 1000 currency notes?	What do you think of the decision by the Indian government to demonetize 500 and 1000 rupee notes?
Why do Indian Muslims hate P.M. Narendra Modi?	Does all Muslims hate Narendra Modi?
I am poor in English grammar so how should I improve my grammar?	How do you learn English grammar?
What is your New Year’s Resolution(s) for 2017?	What is your New Year's resolution for 2017?
How does one get over anxiety?	How do I get over anxiety?
Can we send whatsapp bulk messages through web for lakhs of users?	How do I send bulk messages through WhatsApp?
How do isotropic and omnidirectional antennas differ?	What is the isotropic and omnidirectional antenna?
Is Batman an antihero?	Is Batman considered an antihero?
Is it possible to Increase height or get taller after 20?	How can I increase in height after 20 years?
Why do my friends talk behind my back?	Why do "friends" gossip about me behind my back?
How does one excel at maths?	How can I excel at math?
Are Apple laptops overpriced and overrated?	Do you think Apple products are overrated?
What should do to reduce hair fall?	What can be done to stop hair loss.?
What should I do with a week in Phuket?	What is there to see and do in and around Phuket?
I have a MakeMyTrip interview in a week for a QA position. What questions and topics can I expect?	I have MakeMyTrip interview in a week for a QA position. What questions and topics can I expect?
Is bulletproof coffee campaign legit?	Has bulletproof coffee worked for those who have drunk it?
How do I recover password for Gmail password without security questions?	How do I recover my Gmail account password without a recovery email or the security question 2?
Which are some best places to visit in India?	What is the best places in India to travel?
Who will be president of the united states?	Who's going to be the president of the United States?
How do you know if it is time for divorce?	How do you know if you should divorce?
Which motivational songs would you recommend?	Which are the top motivational songs?
How and when was the first time you realized you were probably gay/lesbian?	What age were you when you started becoming aware that you were gay/lesbian?
Who are the richest people in the world?	Who are the richest people in the world and what do they do?
Are programming books worth it?	Is it worth buying a programming book?
Why is it important to have hobbies?	Why should we have hobbies?
How do I know if I found the one?	How did you know you found "the one"?
Is Arnab Goswami a threat to Indian journalism?	Is Arnab Goswami the saviour of Indian journalism?
How do I choose the best social media analysis tool?	What is the best social media analytics tool that you know?
Do women like anal sex?	Do females generally like anal sex?
When will I know I found the one?	How do you know that you have met your soulmate?
Daniel Ek: Why is Spotify not available in India?	Why is Spotify not available in India?
What does one's own comfort zone mean? How do I come out of it?	How exactly can I get out of this comfort zone by motivating myself?
What are things to consider while buying used iPhones?	What are the main things to look for when buying used iPhone?
Does green tea really reduces weight?	How does green tea helps in weight loss?
How do I play Ingress?	How do you play Ingress?
What are some characteristics of eccentric and concentric contractions?	What are the differences between a concentric and eccentric movement?
What is your favourite friends episode?	Which is your favourite friends episode?
Is Hillary Clinton a war hawk?	Is a vote for Hillary Clinton a vote for war?
How can I join MIT for graduate studies?	How can you join MIT for graduate degree?
Can someone still see that I viewed their story if I disabled Instagram?	Can someone see that I have viewed their stories on Instagram after I temporarily disable my account?
What are the different aspects of culture?	What are the six aspects of culture?
What things do you have to do to become an actor?	How could I become an actor?
Why do ex-religious people often end up hating religion more than those who were never religious?	Why do we end up hating people?
How should I stop masturbating?	How do I stop masturbation and forget women?
How can I start a hedge fund?	How do you start your own hedge fund? How do you explain the concept of this business model to prospects who may not know better?
Why do people ask questions whose answer can be easily found on the internet?	Why do some people on QUORA ask questions that they can easily findout on Google?
Why does Facebook post makes you feel envious?	Why does Facebook post creates feeling of envious?
What is the way to get peace of mind?	How do I find peace of mind?
How can I learn programming from scratch?	I want to learn Coding/Programming from scratch. How to start?
Why is Elon Musk so successful?	How did Elon Musk become so amazing?
What changes a female body undergoes after loosing her virginity?	What might be the reasons why people sometimes believe a woman's body changes after she loses her virginity?
What should I do if I want to win Turing award?	What is the Turing Award?
Why do most people on Quora dislike Donald Trump?	Why is Quora biased agaist Donald Trump.?
Which technology is needed for sending internet to a SIM card?	How does the network send internet to a SIM card?
Why is punctuation so important in poetry?	Why is punctuation so important in a poem?
What are the questions that remain unanswered?	What questions remain unanswered that you'd like to be answered?
What are the safety precautions on handling shotguns proposed by the NRA in Oklahoma?	What are the safety precautions on handling shotguns proposed by the NRA in Vermont?
Can you get pregnant 2 days before your period has ended?	Can a woman get pregnant three days into her cycle?
How can you make money on YouTube?	How can I make money fast from Youtube?
What will the Trump presidency mean for us and the world?	What will a Trump presidency mean for the rest of the world?
Does the G-spot exist?	Does the female "G-Spot" exist?
Does Rashi prediction really work?	Dose astrology really work?
Why do people ask questions on Quora that are easily answerable via a quick internet search?	Why do people ask Quora questions which can be answered easily by Google?
How easy would it be for Trump to overturn gay marriage?	Will gay marriage be overturned with Donald Trump as President?
What is Mac?	What is the MAC?
Why is Saltwater Taffy candy imported in Spain?	Why is salt water taffy candy unknown in Japan?
Where can I get affordable party photo booth services in Sydney?	Where can I get photo booth rental for party in Sydney?
Do you ever feel like quitting your life?	Do you ever feel like quitting life?
Why do long distance relationships fail?	How do we can remain satisfied in a long distance relationship?
Will Denver be awarded a nonstop flight to China?	Will Denver get a nonstop flight to China?
Why do some bassists use picks?	Why do some bassists use a pick?
How do you become the top writer on Quora?	How are top writers selected by Quora?
What's the best way to learn playing guitar?	How can l learn guitar? What are some good tips for playing guitar?
How do I become a better or pro web designer?	How can I be a good web designer?
What's the meaning of life?	What the meaning of this all life?
When will be end of world?	When will the World really end and how?
How do I lose fats and excessive weight from body?	How do I lose weight without quitting?
How can I improve at chess?	How do I improve chess playing?
Do animals have emotional intelligence?	Do animals we eat have feelings?
I am a mechanical engineer with no knowledge of programming. What is the best way to learn Python?	How can I learn advanced Python?
How do I buy shares?	How can I buy shares?
Can you get high eating a few specks of weed accidentally?	Can you get high by accidentally ingesting a few tiny specks of weed?
What should I do to get an intership at Google?	How do I do internship at google?
What are some amazing facts about Vladimir Putin?	What are some interesting facts about Vladimir Putin?
What is the chance that Trump will become president?	Will Donald Trump be the next US President?
How much black money is recovered till now?	How much black money is unearthed through demonetization?
Which was the best movie of Bollywood in 2016?	Which are the best Bollywood movies in 2016?
What are stereotype threats? What are some examples?	What are some examples of stereotype threat?
How can I increase girth of my penis?	Is it possible to increase the size of a penis?
How can I earn money part time online?	What is make money online?
How do people earn billions using Uber hack?	How are people earning billions from home by simple Uber app hack?
Do you know the snap id of Veebha Anand?	Do you know the snap id of Veebha Ananf?
What's the worst thing you've ever seen?	What's the worst thing you've seen?
Who are the top physicists of all time?	Who was the greatest physicist of all time?
Install issues kya karu 1-800-439-2178 AVG Technical Antivirus Support | AVG Antivirus Customer Support Number ?	What is the customer support phone number for AVG antivirus?
Why are there still some women who are voting for Donald Trump?	Is Trump a sexist and if so: why are some women still voting for him?
How do I ask a question on Quora? Please help it is very urgent.	How can I ask my question on Quora?
What is muscle contraction?	What causes muscle contraction?
What is primary purpose of life?	What's the purpose of life? What is life actually about?
How will be the banning of 500 and 1000 rupees notes will have impact on real estate and Construction industry in India?	How will abolishing Rs. 500 and Rs. 1000 notes affect the real estate businesses in India?
What are the best resources for free business case studies?	What free resources are available to practice business case studies?
How can you make money from Quora?	How can we earn from Quora?
Can a Hindu go to mosque?	Is a Hindu allowed to enter a mosque?
Why do people make fun of Chinese animation?	Why do people make fun of Chinese cartoons?
Which came first hen or egg and why?	What is first a egg or an hen?
How does Google make its money?	Hpeople does Google make money?
What is the best lesson we should learn from life?	What is the best lesson you have learned from your life?
How do terrorist groups get their supply of money?	How do terrorist organisations get money?
What is mind mapping?	What is a mind map?
Does a sitting President use taxpayer money to travel and campaign for his/her party?	Can a sitting president use Air Force One to campaign for a party candidate?
Who will win the US election in 2016?	Who will win the 2016 U.S. presidential election and why?
Do you really believe that "jo hota hai acche ke liye hota hai" meaning "everything happens for a good purpose" ?	Philosophy of Everyday Life: "All that happens actually happens for good (Jo hota hai achhe ke liye hota hai)", Is it really so?
Is it bad if I ask more questions on Quora than I answer?	Is it better to ask more questions than you answer on Quora?
How can I view deleted Instagram messages or text?	How can I recover deleted messages in Instagram?
How can I tell if she likes me?	How do I know she is into me?
Why is the American presidential campaign cycle so long?	Why is the American presidential election campaign so long?
What's your best lucid dreaming moments?	What's your best lucid dream story?
How do you know if you are in love or just limerice?	How do you know if you are in love with your crush?
What is friction factor?	What is the friction factor?
What is drop shipping?	What is drop shipping and how is it profitable?
What is the easiest way to improve my vocabulary?	How do I expand my vocabulary?
What are biotic and abiotic components?	What is the relationship between biotic and abiotic factors? What are some examples?
What is the best answer of "why should I hire you"?	What are the best answers for "Why should I hire you"?
What impact could a Trump presidency have on Silicon Valley?	How would a Trump presidency affect Silicon Valley?
How can I track someone using their phone number?	Can someone track our location using our phone number?
How do you root an Android tablet?	How do I root an Android device?
What are the best party songs in English?	Which are the best English songs for a party?
Was the Civil War really about slavery? Or was it about taxes on private property?	Was the American Civil War mostly fought over private property rights and taxes?
What does it mean to learn?	What do you mean by learning?
How does CouponDunia actually work?	How does coupondunia.in work?
What are the differences between the 1st and 2nd laws of thermodynamics?	What is the difference between first and second law of thermodynamics?
How do you delete an instagram account when you don't remember the password or username?	How do I delete an account on instagram if I can't remember the password or email?
How can I tell if she likes me?	I know this is known question but how do I know if she likes me?
What do other countries think about India demonetization?	What do other countries have to say about the demonetization act of India?
What are examples of old and new means of transportation?	What are some examples of old and modern means of transportation?
What would be the impact of Quora getting hacked and all anonymous identities exposed?	What would the consequences be if someone hacked the anonymity feature on Quora and everyone who thought they were anonymous would be exposed?
How do I gain weight fast but still be healthy?	What is the best weight gain treatment for gaining weight?
How should I prepare for the IBPS specialist officer exams?	How do I prepare for the IBPS specialist officer (I.T Officer) exam?
Is Jesus Christ real?	Was Jesus a real person?
Does first time sex pains a lot for a girl?	Is first time sex painful to females?
How do I recover deleted messages in Facebook?	Can I recover my deleted Facebook messages?
What are some questions for a Program manager interview?	What are program manager interview questions?
Do you ever miss your ex-boyfriend (ex-girlfriend)? Why and when?	Do you ever miss your ex boyfriend or ex girlfriend? When and why?
Is there a way to restore deleted Instagram photos?	Is there a way to see a history of deleted photos on instagram?
How can I write an essay efficiently?	How do I write a good essay?
What are the symptoms of lactose intolerance and can they be confused with other ailments?	What are the symptoms of being lactose intolerant?
What are the format specifiers in c?	What is the format specifier in C?
What is the finest and most beautiful thing you have ever seen?	What is the most beautiful thing that you have ever seen?
How do you get over feelings of extreme loneliness?	How do I get out of loneliness?
What are the best episodes of Friends?	What was the best episode of Friends?
Is it legal to use googled images on your blog?	How do I use copyrighted images legally for blogging?
What has been Microsoft's most successful acquisition?	What has been Microsoft's worst acquisition?
Which is the best college for biotechnology in India?	Which is the best college for biotechnology(undergrad level) in india?
Do people have the option to pay more tax than they need to?	Can you pay more tax than you owe?
I can't make friends at high-school because I can't be myself. What's wrong with me and how can I fix it (RANT IN COMMENTS)?	I can't make friends at school. What's wrong with me?
What do you think about Brexit?	What is your opinion on brexit?
Why do some people think Hillary is dishonest?	Why do so many people think Hillary is dishonest?
Who is the luckiest person on Earth?	Who is the luckiest person in the world?
What should one do when he is getting bored in a hostel?	What is to do when bored in hostel?
What is salary for chartered accountant in India?	What is the monthly salary of a chartered accountant?
How can I get a list of my Gmail accounts?	How do I get all the list registered to your gmail account?
Does not eating help you lose weight?	How can not eating help you lose weight?
How can I improve my English writing skills by myself?	How improve my english mail writing skills?
What is the best book written on Narendra Modi and why?	Which is the best book on/about Narendra Modi?
What is the easy way to learn a programming language?	Is there a way to learn programming language quickly? How can I do it?
How do you break your shame and present a good seminar in front of teachers and students?	How can I break my shame when I present a seminar in front of teachers and students?
What are some tips to "study smart"?	What are the tips for self studying?
How do I overcome my crush?	How can I overcome crush?
How do you learn English grammar?	What can I do to improve my English Grammar?
How can I increase the speed of studying?	How can I increase speed of studying?
Where can I run C++ programs online?	How can I run C++ programs online?
What is the safest way to delete my Yahoo account?	What are some ways to delete my Yahoo Mail account?
What are top 10 best Disney movies?	What are your top 10 favorite Disney movies?
Is the book The God Of Small Things by Arundhati Roy overrated?	How would you review the book 'The God of Small Things' by Arundhati Roy?
Why do we have stage fright? How do we overcome it?	Do you have any tactics to fight stage fright?
How do I increase the vocabulary?	How can I improve my vocabulary?
Why do I always have one nostril blocked?	Why is one nostril always blocked?
Which is the best QuickBooks Tech Support Number?	What is the best QuickBooks support number in Arkansas?
Should I prepare for cat 2017?	How do I prepare for CAT 2017 (BBA student)?
How do you tell if your best guy friend likes you?	How do you tell if your best friend likes you?
Do you know Aamir Khan?	Who is Aamir Khan?
I'd like to learn to make games using Unreal Engine. What is a good starting point?	I want to start creating video games using Unreal Engine. What should I do before starting UE4 and what tips do you recommend?
What is the hardest computer related problem you’ve solved? How did you solve it?	What is the hardest computer related problem you've solved? How did you solve it?
How would one get a job in Silicon Valley?	How does one get a job in Silicon Valley?
How do I get the crown on Musical.ly?	How do I get more followers on musical.ly?
Why does Manaphy cry annoyingly in Pokemon Ranger and The Temple of The Sea?	Why is Manaphy annoying in Pokemon Ranger and The Temple of The Sea?
What will be the result of banning 500 and 1000 rupees note in India?	What do you think about decision by the Indian Government to demonetise 500 and 1000 rupees note?
How do I get back lost hair?	How do I regain my lost hair?
How do I know that she's the one?	How do I know if she's the one for me?
What was the best Quora answer?	What are some of the best answers on Quora?
What kind of questions generally asked kn LIC AAO interviews?	What could be the questions asked in LIC AAO interview?
How can I ensure that I dream at night?	How can you guarantee that you can dream at night?
Are Khajuraho temples obscene?	Are Khajuraho temple obscene?
Is it too late to start medical school at 32?	How old is too old to start medical school?
Google Tag Manager: Did you heard about Google Tag manager? Why and how it is useful for us?	What are the main reasons and benefits of using Google Tag Manager?
What things should teenagers know before going into adulthood?	What are some tips we teenagers should learn before going to the Real"world?
How could I do better in physics?	How can I be better at physics?
How should I start learning Python?	How can I start learning the developing of websites using Python?
How can changing 500 and 1000 rupee notes end the black money in India?	How banning 500 and 1000 rs note will help fight corruption in India?
Can one man change the world?	Can one person really change the world?
Does the Multiverse exist?	What are the chances that a multiverse exists?
How people learn to hack?	How should I learn hacking by myself?
What are the unique features 9f Rs 2000 and Rs 500 Indian Note?	What are the security features of a new Rs. 500 and Rs. 2000 notes?
How do I get a girl to look past my physical appearance?	How do I get a girl to look past my looks and see me for who I am?
What are the scopes after graduation in mechanical engineering?	What is the scope of Mechanical Engineering?
Which are the top 10 dangerous cities in the US? Why are they dangerous?	What are the top 5 most dangerous cities in the United States? How did they become so dangerous?
What is your passion and how did you turn it into your profession?	What does it take to turn your passion into a profession?
What are some mind-blowing futuristic gadgets that exist that most people don't know about?	What are some mind blowing gadgets that exist that most people don't know about?
What are the parameters of Fair Use in regards to Copyright Law?	What is “fair use” under US copyright law?
Can a person with average intelligence become a doctor?	Can I become a good doctor with an average IQ?
Will Indian currency be little stronger globally after bans on 500 and 1000 rupees notes?	What is going to happen to the value of rupee after 1000 and 500 rupees notes have been banned?
What is the best beach in Goa?	Which is the best beach resorts for romantic views in Goa?
What is the difference between function and features?	What is difference between function and features?
What are the problems in the separation of lanthsnides from one another?	What are the problems regarding separation of lanthsnides from one another?
How do I convince investors for my startup idea?	How do you find money for your startup idea?
Why is India performing bad in Olympics?	What are the reasons behind the poor performance of India in Olympics?
How do I calculate beam loads from slab loads?	How do I calculate beam loads from slab?
Why does the world sounds so unfair?	Is the world unfair to you?
What affects the gold price in India?	What determines the price of gold in India?
Does life always get better?	Does life get better with time?
How can you lose weight quickly?	How can I lose my weight fast?
What's your favorite photograph taken by you? And why?	What are the best photos that have been taken by you?
What is a private economy?	What is private economy?
How do I go about finding a good therapist in Los Angeles?	What is the best way to find a good therapist at my school?
Does politics affect stock market?	How does political scenario affect stock market?
How to remove braces from teeth?	How do you remove braces?
what steps should I follow to learn machine learning?	What is the usual way to start learning Machine learning?
Is Ayn Rand considered to be a philosopher?	Was Ayn Rand a professional philosopher?
Who are the best hackers in the world?	Who are world's best hackers?
Is it just me or are all gay guys teeth really big?	All gay guys teeth really big?
To Quora Trump supporters: Do you still support your candidate after today's "locker room banter" video release?	Hey Quora Trump supporters - do you still support Donald after the release today of the locker room banter video tape?
What are some of the rarely mentioned facts of the Roman empire?	What are some rarely known facts of the roman empire?
Who is the world's richest filmmaker?	Who is the richest filmmaker in the world?
What business made you rich?	What business made you millionaire?
How do you view the Indian government's decision to fight "black money" by scrapping 500 rupee and 1000 rupee notes?	Was the decision by the Indian Government to demonetize 500 and 1000 notes right or is it a big scam?
What are some mind blowing facts about the Indian Air Force?	What are some mind-blowing facts about Indian air-force?
How can I get the funding for my startup without revealing my idea?	Who do I contact to raise money for my startup idea?
What are some of the best examples of people with an outstanding profile/CV?	What are the best examples of a successful CV?
How can I truly control my sexual desires?	What is the best way to control sexual desire?
Can God make a boulder so heavy he can't lift it?	Can God make a stone so heavy that He can't lift it?
Why did Israel reject the Arab Peace Initiative which would have given State recognition of Israel by all Arab nations?	Why did Israel reject the peace offer from Saudi Arabia and other Arab countries?
Is Spotify not available in India?	When will Spotify arrive in India?
What do Chinese people think about the Indians?	What do the Chinese people think about India?
How can I increase muscle mass?	What is the way to increase the muscle size?
What is compatibility in a relationship?	What does compatibility in a relationship mean?
What are the flaws in Indian Education system?	What is wrong with the Indian education system?
How can I improve myself and figure out what should I do with my life?	How do I figure out what should I do with my life?
What could be the reason behind Arnab Goswami quitting Times Now?	Why has Arnab Goswami resigned from Times Now?
Which are the best SEO companies in Delhi?	What is best seo services provider company in Delhi?
Will Modi win in 2019?	Will Modi become the Prime Minister of India once again in 2019?
How can the ban of 500 and 1000 rupee notes increase the Indian economy?	What will be the effects of demonetisation of 500 and 1000 notes on the Indian economy?
Which is the biggest aircraft that has taken off from an aircraft carrier?	What is the largest airplane to take off from aircraft carrier?
What are the benefits of being a registered nurse?	What are the benefits of becoming a registered nurse?
What are some things that make Indians sad?	What makes Indians sad?
How do I become genius?	How can I become a genius at anything?
Where do the word cops comes from?	Where did the word 'cop' come from?
How do I improve my English speaking?	How I can speak English with fluency?
How do I hack WiFi passwords?	How can I crack a WiFi router password? How can I hack my mother's WiFi?
Are there any good ways to make side money online a couple hours a day?	How can I make money online to work 4 hour per day?
If there will be a war between India and Pakistan who will win?	If a war breaks out between India and Pakistan who would win?
Why is China blocking the move to ban Masood Azhar at UN?	Why does China keep on blocking India's bid to label Masood Azhar as a terrorist?
Who is most powerful character in Mahabharat?	Who was the most powerful warrior in the Mahabharata?
Is interface theory of perception a satisfying theory?	Is interface theory of perception true?
Why there is no team from Tamil nadu in pro kabbadi?	Why is there no Tamil Nadu team in pro kabbadi?
How long does it take to learn the basics of Python before you can do anything fun/interesting?	How long does it take for a newbie to learn Python?
How do outback steakhouse prepare and cook their steaks?	How do Outback Steakhouses prepare their steaks?
Where can I download comics?	Where can I download comics.?
Why is seeing foreigners in England different to Spain?	Why's seeing "foreigners" in England and Spain different?
How did Donald Trump become president?	Why did America vote for Donald Trump as President in the 2016 Elections?
How bad is it to swallow bleach?	What happens if you swallow bleach?
How do yo fall out of love with someone?	Can we fall out of love?
Which is the best joke you have ever heard?	What are the funniest jokes / stories you ever heard?
How do you fix a Dewalt battery by yourself?	How do you replace the battery cells on a Dewalt cordless drill?
Is it really important to have a girlfriend in life?	Is having a girlfriend important for life?
How should I tell my parent that I failed in vtu engineering exam?	How do I tell my parents that I failed a test?
Which are the best Hollywood movies based on history?	What are best hollywood historical movies?
What makes a game be a good game?	What makes a game good?
How would you define God?	How do you define God?
Why do men like masturbation?	Why do men masturbate?
How do I learn spoken English?	How can I improve my spoken English?
What is the scope after doing masters in mechanical engineering at USA? Suggest some programs in mechanical engg having wide scope.	What is the scope of mechanical design engineers in usa?
How do I enhance my English writing skills?	How do I improve my English writing skills?
I have problems with food and need to gain weight. What's the best food for it?	What is the best diet to gain weight?
What is the difference between vector and arraylist?	What is the difference between ArrayList and Vector?
Can I use this number //* [[1800*251*4919]] *// Belkin Router Techical Support Number Belkin ROUTER phone numbers?	What is Belkin Router tech support's phone number?
Will there be a war between India and Pakistan?	Wil there be a war between India and Pakistan?
How do I make money fast?	How could I make money now?
What is the best book to build vocabulary?	What is the best book to build up your vocabulary?
What are all the govt jobs for mechanical engineering?	Which are the best government jobs for mechanical engineers?
How can I make money using my Tumblr blog?	Can you make money on tumblr? How?
What will be the effect of banning 500 and 1000 Rs notes on real estate sector in India? Can we expect sharp fall in prices in short/long term?	How will the decision of scrapping INR 500 and INR 1000 notes affect real estate prices?
Which are some of the best experiences you must have on Indian Railways?	What are your best experiences while traveling in Indian Railways?
What can be the most insane ways to commit suicide?	What is the most painless way to do a suicide?
Will Donald Trump end up in a conflict of interest problem?	Will Donald Trump end up in some conflict of interest?
How could I go anonymous after answering the question on Quora? Could I or not?	How can we go anonymous while answering on Quora?
What are the best books/Tutorials to learn C# for non-beginners programmers?	What are the best ways to learn C#?
Why was Cyrus Mistry removed from the chairmanship of Tata Sons?	Why did the Tata Sons sacked Cyrus Mistry?
Have aliens been to the earth?	Has ever an alien been captured by any nation on earth?
Is there a possibility of World War III happening in the next 10 years?	Are we near World War 3?
How can I setup my old router as a repeater?	How can I use my old router as a repeater?
Is there a relationship between Brahma in Hinduism and Abraham in the Abrahamic religion?	Are Abraham and Brahma same?
Why do men have to cheat?	Why do men cheats on their wives?
Which songs always makes you cry?	What are some good songs that make you cry?
How long do you think the hype of Pokémon GO will last?	How long will Pokémon GO's popularity last?
What is the latent heat of a fusion?	What is latent heat of Fusion?
How can I be great at math?	How can I excel at math?
What are some of the most lucrative businesses to start for the next decade?	What kind of businesses will flourish in the next decade?
Who won the second presidential debate between Trump and Hilary?	Who do you think won the second 2016 Presidential debate?
Should male teens have privacy?	Should teens have privacy?
What country should I visit and why?	Why should I visit your country?
How can human activities have an effect on biodiversity?	What are the common human threats to biodiversity?
Is there a single case of a successful long distance relationship?	What does it take for a successful long distance relationship?
Is global warming a hoax?	Is it possible that global warming is a hoax?
How can you have a good day?	What does it take to have a good day?
How can I learn a new language by myself?	What is the best way to learn a language by yourself?
Is it worth transferring to Iowa State University for computer engineering?	How good is Iowa State University's computer engineering?
How I can ask question on Quora?	How can I ask my question on Quora?
How do I get 8 ball pool coins using hack generator without paying any money?	How do I earn more coins in 8 ball pool?
Which are the best set of books for SSC CGL G.K. and English?	Which books are required for ssc cgl 2016?
How can I increase traffic on a website without spending money?	How can I increase my blog traffic without paying money?
How do I overcome my anger problem?	How can I manage my anger issues?
What is the most embarrassing thing you have done in front of your crush?	What is the most embarrassing moment your crush had in front of you?
Should people over 89 not be allowed to vote?	Should people over 87 not be allowed to vote?
Which books are essential for GMAT exam preparation?	Which book should I prefer for GMAT preparation?
How do I delete a question from Quora?	How do I delete my question from Quora?
What are the best additional courses for working mechanical engineers?	What is the best programs for mechanical engineerings?
What can be done to overcome the fear of flying?	How can I overcome the fear of flying things?
Where is the best place to take a vacation in the winter?	What is the best place I should visit in the winter?
How did Donald trump win the elections?	How did trump win the presidential election?
Why did the Greeks call themselves Romans?	Why did the Greeks call themselves Romans in the Middle Ages and until recently and their language as well?
What is SEO audit report?	What is a SEO audit report?
What are the major human caused threats to biodiversity? How can we solve this threats?	How can human activities have an effect on biodiversity?
Who viewed my profile on Instagram?	Who views Instagram?
What makes an Indian girl beautiful?	What makes an Indian girl more beautiful?
How do you know when you're in the wrong relationship?	How do you know you are in a wrong relationship?
Can we reverse time?	Is it possible to reverse time?
I have a crush on my best friend. What should I do?	What do I do if I have a crush on one of my best friends?
What can you mix with Pinnacle Whipped Vodka?	What mixes well with Pinnacle Whipped Vodka?
What is the best way to wash satin sheets?	What are the best ways to wash satin sheets?
How do I earn money online?	How can I earn money on internet?
What are the scopes of biotechnology?	What is scope in biotechnology?
What are some really good movies I should check out?	What are some really good films?
What are your funniest stories you've had in the Military?	What is your funniest story in the military?
What is hashcode in Java?	What is a hashcode in Java?
How effective is cocoa butter lotion for the face?	How is cocoa butter beneficial for the face?
What are the technical skills required by a B.Tech graduate from EEE branch to get a good placement?	: What are the technical skills required by a B.Tech graduate from EEE branch to get a good placement?
Who will become the next CM of Gujarat?	Who will be next CM of Gujarat?
Gmail: How do I hack a Gmail account based on email I'd and get the chats information?	How do I hack a Gmail account of an unknown person?
How do I overcome my depression and stress?	How should I overcome my depression?
What is the strangest thing that ever happened to you?	Whats the strangest experience you have ever had?
What are some good books to learn calligraphy?	What are some good books to learn calligraphy from?
How does a recruiting office make money?	How do recruiters make money?
What is best i5 6th or i5 7th gen?	What is best i5 6th or 7th gen?
What problems do you have when travelling abroad?	What kind of problems will you face when travelling abroad?
Are there any other websites like Quora?	Is there any other website similar to Quora?
How can I add money to PayPal account?	How can I add money to PayPal?
Where is the best place to learn how to make apps for iOS?	What are the best ways to learn an IOS?
Can we pursue biotechnology after B.tech in mechanical engineering?	What is the best field for earning money after completing a B.Tech in mechanical engineering?
How will demonetization of ‎₹1000 and ‎₹500 notes will help curb the rampant black currency in India?	Would banning notes of denominations 500 and 1000 help to curb the black money in system?
Why was Sundar Pichai chosen as the CEO of Google?	What do you think about Sundar Pichai becoming CEO of Google Inc?
I am a blogger. I want to get huge traffic on my blog. What should I do?	I'm a blogger. Should I guest post on other blogs to get more traffic to my blog?
What is it like to work in a start-up?	Is it good to work in a start up?
How can we earn money online without investment?	How does one earn money online without an investment from home?
Does Donald Trump still have a chance to become President of the United States?	Can Donald Trump win this Tuesday?
What books should entrepreneurs read on entrepreneurship?	What are some of the best books about entrepreneurship?
What is it like for an Indian to live and settle in Denmark?	What is it like for an Indian to live in Denmark?
What would happen if the whole Earth got flooded?	What would happen if the whole earth was flooded?
How does Special K make you lose weight?	Does Kellogg's Special K cornflakes really help people lose weight in 2 weeks?
How do you start to build an email list?	What is the best way to build an email list?
Why did Teodora wore a veil in "La Leyenda de la Nahuala" movie?	Why did Teodora wore a veil in "La Leyenda de la Nahuala"?
What were the causes and effects of the Boxer Rebellion? How did it affect the Qing Dynasty?	What was the purpose of the Chinese Boxer Rebellion and what were its causes and effects?
What is the best way to get traffic on your website?	What is the best way to drive traffic to a website?
What are some examples of covalent and ionic bonds?	What are some examples of ionic and covalent compounds?
Is there still hope in Narendra Modi's becoming the Prime Minister in the 2019 elections?	Can Narendra Modi become Prime Minister of India in 2019?
Why is the Earth's surface so flat?	Why is the earth so flat?
What are some of the best anime movies?	What are some best anime?
How can I improve my spoken English ability?	How can I improve my English in a very short time?
Is it possible to know if someone saw my WhatsApp profile?	What is the trick to know my WhatsApp profile visitors?
Why do we have the right to bear arms?	Why do we have the right to keep and bear arms? Why do some people want to change that?
What are your new year resolutions’2017?	What is your new year resolution?
How do I build my profile for top B-schools?	How should I build my profile for top business schools?
Which is best Online shopping website to buy home appliances?	Which is the best online shopping website to buy home appliances?
How can I train my mind to forget someone I love?	How can I forget the one that I love?
Why is using an Apple laptop in my house versus in the store different?	Why is using the Apple products in the store different to using the Apple products I own personally?
Is is safe to take laxative pills to lose weight? If so which are the best ones?	How do laxative teas make you lose weight?
How do I apply for pan card (lost)?	How do I apply for a PAN card?
What is the best way to learn Indian history quickly?	What is the best way to start learning Indian history?
How do you improve your tennis game?	How can I improve my tennis skills?
Is there such thing as white privilege?	What is white skin privilege?
What is Placement of MCA from MANIT JAMSHEDPUR in 2015-2016?	What is Placement of MCA from MANIT Bhopal in 2015-2016?
What is going on in India?	What's going on in India?
Is the French language that tough to learn?	How tough is learning French language?
What are the best ways to determine ROI for social media?	What is the best way to measure the ROI of social media marketing?
Can a private limited company accept interest free loans from directors under companies act 2013?	Can a private limited company received interest free unsecured loan from directors before the commencement of companies act 2013?
What is the impact of bad loans on the Indian economy?	What is the effect of bad debt on Indian economy?
How do I stop caring so much about what other people think of me?	How do I ignore what other people think of me?
What if prostitution is legal in India?	What would happen if prostitution were legal in India?
How do I fix iTunes error 1202?	How can I fix an error 1202 in iTunes?
Which party will win election in 2017 in punjab?	Which Party will win the Punjab elections in 2017?
What are some funny Air hostess incidents?	What are some funny air hostess stories?
Why do North Indians like English more than Hindi?	Why do North Indians mispronounce so many English words?
What are the biggest landforms in South America?	What are the major landforms of South America?
How can I keep myself motivated to study hard and not get distracted by other things?	How do I get myself to become motivated and just study all the time?
Why do you love your car?	How much do you love your car?
Why can't I beat my porn addiction?	What is the best way to overcome an porn addiction?
How does the HP OfficeJet 4620 Airprint compare to the HP DesignJet T795 44-in Printer?	How does the HP OfficeJet 4620 Airprint compare to the HP Color LaserJet Pro M452dw?
Have you ever made up a word? If so what was it?	Have you ever made up a word?
Who invented the internet and how?	Who invented the internet?
Why is Hilary Clinton corrupt?	Is Hillary Clinton crooked?
What is the scope of ACCA in India?	What is the scope for ACCA in India?
How can I earn with my blog? How to increase traffic to my blog?	How can I increase traffic to my blog on marketing?
Is there a Hindu view on homosexuality?	What are Hinduism's views on homosexuality?
What is the next big thing in artificial intelligence?	What is the next big thing after artificial intelligence?
How do I reduce fat and build muscles at the same time?	Can I build muscle and lose belly fat at the same time?
What are the safety precautions on handling shotguns proposed by the NRA in Alaska?	What are the safety precautions on handling shotguns proposed by the NRA in Vermont?
What is the best song you've ever heard?	Which is the best song till date?
How do I get rid of fat?	How can I get rid of lipo from my body?
Can someone increase their height after 25 years?	Is there any possibility to increase height after 21?
What went wrong with Cyrus Mistry as Tata Group chairman and why was he ousted?	Why did Tata group fire Cyrus Mistry from chairman post?
What are some examples of substances soluble in water?	What are some examples of soluble in water items?
How do you bounce back after hitting rock bottom?	What did you do when you hit rock bottom?
How do I recover photos from Moto e3 power after hard reset?	How can I recover photos after factory resetting my Android Galaxy S3?
What are gamma rays? How are they produced?	How are gamma rays produced?
Does Quora have any competitor?	Does Quora have any competitors?
What are some of the best jokes?	What is the best joke you have ever heard?
Why are most answers on Quora unnecessarily long?	Why are Quora's answers long?
What is the best university?	Who are some contenders for best university in the world?
What are the best cases for the iPhone 7/7 Plus?	What is the best case for iPhone 7/Plus?
Which are the best anime pay pornsites?	Which one is the best Hentai pay porn site?
What are some good ways to lose weight?	How do I actually lose weight?
How can I control my sugar?	What can we do to control sugar?
How do I cope with the sudden death of my father at 21?	How do I cope with the sudden death of my father?
Which is the best tourist place in Kerala?	What are the best places to visit on a 3-day trip in and around Kerala?
How do I find out if I'm good at singing?	How do I find out if I'm really good at singing?
What can I do to feel better about myself?	How can I start feeling better about myself?
Does Barack Obama ever remember he is 1/2 white as well as1/2 black?	Does Barack Obama identify with his white heritage or does he consider himself an Black American?
Which is the best site to book hotel online?	What's the best hotel booking site?
What does Congress's override of Obama's veto on 9/11 bill say about the president and the congress?	What do you think of congress overriding Obama's veto for the 9/11 bill?
How can I avoid sleepiness during lectures?	I always feel sleepy and lost in my own world.What should I do to avoid this and concentrate during my lectures?
What is the easy way to make money online?	What is the best way for making money online?
Why is Israel powerful? 	Why is Israel so powerful?
What are the safety precautions on handling shotguns proposed by the NRA in Arizona?	What are the safety precautions on handling shotguns proposed by the NRA in Wisconsin?
Do girls experience pain during first time sex?	Is first time sex painful to females?
What is a good song I can use to lyric?	What is a good song for a text prank?
How do I motivate myself to wake up at 6am?	How can I motivate myself to wake up early?
Why do all of my questions get ignored on Quora?	Why are some questions not answered on Quora?
How did you spend the best day of your life?	Can you describe the best moment or the best day in your life?
Does project manager and project engineer for lokacart under Professor Ganesh Ramakrishnan are involved in corruption?	Is project manager and project engineer at IIT Bombay working under Prof Ganesh Ramakrishnan involved in criminal activities?
What does it mean to "call the ball"?	What is the correct (naval) pilot response to "call the ball"?
How do I learn to be a developer?	How can I Learn software development?
How do I increase the size of my penis without surgery?	How do I increase my penis size manually?
Why hasn't Mount Kailash been climbed yet?	Why is Mount Kailash so special?
What is your New Year's resolutions for 2017?	What are some of the best New Years resolutions for 2017?
How do I learn Spring Framework? Help?	How do I learn Spring Framework?
Is six hours of sleep enough for a 11 year old?	Is six hours of sleep enough for a 10-year-old?
What are some of the things people like or dislike in general?	What are some things that people dislike?
What is the best photo editing application and software available online or offline?	Which is the best photo editing software?
How can I get a job in Microsoft?	What can I do to get a job at Microsoft?
What is one thing which women do once in their life and men do every day?	What is that thing which girls do once in lifetime and that same thing boys do every day?
What are some best movies of all time?	What are the best movies of all time?
What's your new year resolution for 2017?	What is your new year resolution?
What should one refer to (books or online courses) for learning data structures and algorithms from scratch?	What are some video tutorials that I can use to start learning data structures and algorithms from scratch?
What are things one should not do immediately after a workout session at the gym?	What are the things one should not do immediately after gym?
Which one is better: Samsung Galaxy s7 edge or iPhone 6s?	Should I buy iPhone 6s or Samsung Galaxy edge 7?
What are the must have books for iit-jee?	What are some books for IIT-JEE?
Is there a scientific name for what existed before the Big Bang?	What existed before the Big Bang?
Can a person with alzheimer disease participate in clinical trial?	Can a person with Alzheimer's disease participate in a clinical trial?
How and when did you start programming?	When did you start programming and why?
Is it safe to flush cat litter down the toilet?	Can I flush cat litter in a common toilet? Why or why not?
What is the difference between startup incubators and accelerators?	What is the difference between an accelerator and an incubator for startups?
What will be effect on stock exchange of India after ban on 500 and 1000 note?	What will be the effect of the ban of the 1000rs and 500rs notes on the stock market?
Do you think time travel is possible?	Is it possible to travel time with real life?
What are the benefits of meditation? How do you meditate?	What are the benefits of the meditation?
What is the best way to learn Kali Linux?	How can I learn Kali Linux?
How can I find all my Gmail IDs?	How can you find all of your Gmail accounts?
Can animals think of committing suicide?	What animals commit suicide?
What should I do to improve my problem solving skills in greedy algorithms?	What is the best way to improve my skills in solving greedy problems?
What is the best series to watch after Breaking Bad?	What is a good series to watch after Breaking Bad?
How does the HP OfficeJet 4620 Airprint compare to the HP LaserJet Enterprise 700 Printer M712dn?	How does the HP OfficeJet 4620 Airprint compare to the HP LaserJet Enterprise M606x?
What is it like to attend Stanford University?	What is it like to be a Stanford student?
How do people still think the Earth is flat even though it's proven wrong?	Why do some people think Earth is flat?
Why there is no night mode in Quora?	Why doesn't Quora introduce a night mode feature?
What is your favorite Amitabh Bachchan movie?	What is your favorite Amitabh Bachchan movie and why?
How do I change my address in a passport?	How do I change my address in my passport?
What are EPOS and EFTPOS? What are their differences?	How do EFTPOS and EPOS differ?
What is the difference between tangible and intangible?	What are the differences of tangible and intangible?
What are best laptop brands?	What are some good laptop brands?
How do I get on the Board of Directors of a non-profit or a for-profit organisation?	What is the best way to get on a board of directors?
How so I ask questions on Quora?	How we can post in Quora?
How is anaerobic and aerobic respiration similar?	How do aerobic and anaerobic respiration compare?
How much do the Rothschild family really have?	How much money do the Rothschilds have?
Don’t you think it is not a good decision by the honorable Supreme Court to play the national anthem at cinema halls?	What are your views on Supreme Court decision of must National Anthem before movies?
Can an infinite amount of dark or vacuum or gravitational energy be created with expansion?	Is at least the potential energy of vacuum energy and dark energy infinite?
How do I convince my parents to let me have an inter-state marriage?	Help me how to convince orthodox parents for other state love marriage?
How many calories are burned during swimming?	How much calories get burned by swimming?
What mobile phone does Elon Musk use?	Which phone does Elon Musk have?
What are some cool facts about you?	What are the top 7 coolest things about you?
Why specific heat capacity is important and why is it different for different substances?	Why do different materials have different specific heat capacities?
What are the pros and cons of studying in Canada vs studying in the US?	What are the pros and cons of studying in Canada vs studying in US?
What is Iran nuclear deal?	Why is the Iran nuclear deal so important?
Which is more important: competition or cooperation?	Is competition superior to cooperation?
Is it true that you can see who’s viewed your Instagram?	Is there a way to see who viewed my Instagram page?
How can I develop a positive attitude?	How can I get positive attitude?
What is the best way to be motivated?	How can one be self motivated?
What's the worst thing that has happened to you?	What's the worst thing that ever happened to you?
What is meant by bitcoin?	What is meant by Bitcoins?
Where can I get expert house painting service in Brisbane?	Where can I get expert interior house painters in Brisbane?
What are the safety precautions on handling shotguns proposed by the NRA in the entire U.S. including it’s territories and possessions? 2	What are the safety precautions on handling shotguns proposed by the NRA in Arizona?
What are economic activities? What are some examples?	What are some examples of economic activity?
How can I improve my German grammar?	How do I improve my german grammar?
What were all of Nero’s accomplishments?	What were Nero's greatest accomplishments?
How do I grow taller in a hurry?	How do I grow taller (1-2 inches) when I'm already 23? Is it possible?
What would happen if all the oxygen in the earth disappeared for five seconds?	What would happen if the Earth lost it's oxygen for 5 seconds?
I have completed my mechanical engineering with below 60%. What should I do to get a job in good company	I have completed my mechanical engineering with below 60%. What should I do to get a job in good company?
Is housing a human right?	Is basic housing a human right?
How does protein catabolism occur?	How and where does protein catabolism occur?
What are the best tasting vodkas? How are they made?	What are the best vodkas?
Will Hillary Clinton be a good president (No bias)?	Would Hillary Clinton make a good president?
Is there some painless way to suicide?	What is the most painless way to do a suicide?
Who is Vaporizergiant CEO?	Who is Vaporizergiant of CEO?
How do you stop existing?	How do I stop existing?
What are some best classified websites?	What would be the best classified website in your opinion?
What should I follow in astrology: the Moon sign or the Sun sign?	What should we follow? Sun sign or moon sign? What is the difference in both?
How long does meth say in your urine?	How long does crystal meth stay in your system and how can I dilute it?
How can long distance relationships be successful?	Does long distance relationship works?
How can a students start learning c programming?	How should I start to learn c language?
Is there any way to study organic chemistry?	What is the best way to study organic chemistry?
Which is the best mutual funds to invest in India?	I've decided to invest monthly 5k in mutual fund. Which is the best mutual fund available right now?
Will India declare war against Pakistan?	Should India declare war against Pakistan as they are spreading terrorism in India?
What is the meaning of living life?	What the meaning of this all life?
Why we spend time in answering questions on Quora?	How does it benefit you to answer questions on Quora?
What is difference between CV And Resumé?	What is the difference between a CV nd a resume?
What are some of your best experiences in life?	What are your best experiences of life and why?
How much can a FOREX sales RM earn in Dubai as incentive/s?	How much does a FOREX sales RM earn in Dubai as incentive/s?
What is the most delicious pizza you have ever eaten?	What's the most delicious pizza you've ever eaten?
Why does it seem like early polls were so inaccurate in terms of actual 2016 presidential election results?	Why were the polls so inaccurate in the 2016 election?
How can I improve my pronunciation of English words?	How can I improve my English pronunciation?
Which is the best institute in Delhi for GMAT Coaching?	What are some of the best coaching institutes for GMAT in Delhi/NCR?
What are the laws in India that every indian must be aware of so he/she can use them whenever it is required?	What are the basic laws and rights every Indian should be aware of?
What or how is an IQ measured?	How do I get my IQ tested?
What is a good tool for automated testing for mobile apps?	What is the best demanding automation testing tool in market?
Is time traval possible in future?	Is it possible to time travel to past?
How did you learn to speak English?	How I can speak English fluently?
Who is your most relatable fictional character?	What fictional character reminds you most of yourself?
What are the best new phone inventions that most people don't know about?	What are the best new smartphone inventions that most people don't know about?
How do I delete old Instagram account without the password or email?	How do you delete an instagram account when you don't remember the password or username?
Technology: What are the best smartphones gadgets?	What are some of the best smartphones technology gadgets?
What are the home remedies for getting rid from back pain?	What are the home remedies to get rid of back pain?
How can I find out if my girlfriend is on dating sites?	How can I know if my bf is still on dating sites?
What is the difference between right and left politics?	What is the concept of right wing and left wing?
What is the best advice you received during college?	What is the best advice you received in college?
Which are best institute for studying PHP in Pune?	What are the best institutes for PHP in Pune?
How do I stick to my goals?	How do I make sure that I stick to my goals?
How would you differentiate between infatuation and love?	How do you discern between infatuation and love?
What can I do to improve communication skills?	How can I improve my communication skills?
Why does good things happen to bad people and why bad things happen to good people?	Why do bad things have to happen to good people?
What is the best introduction to computer science books?	What is a good introductory computer science book?
What should I do to increase my concentration in studies?	How should I increase my concentration towards studies?
What is the total no of seats for gen category under neet?	How many total seats are there in neet?
How do I speak English fluently?	What should I do to improve my English ?
How do I stop worrying about future?	What are some psychological tricks to stop caring about what people think?
Which answer on Quora got the most likes?	What is the most upvoted answer of all time on Quora?
How are Jews treated in Germany today?	How are the Jewish people in Germany treated today?
What is the best way to rediscover your inner self?	What is the best way to rediscover yourself?
How can I increase the traffic on my blog (www.midnightexpressions.wordpress.com)?	How do I increase traffic on my site?
What are the procedure of getting a specialization degree (PG degree) in USA/UK after MBBS in India?	How should I pursue a postgraduate degree in the UK after an MBBS in India?
Is it bad to be hungry when trying to build muscle?	Is it ok to feel hungry when trying to build muscle?
What is the best way to tell somebody that you know they are lying or have lied to you?	How do I tell if some one is lying to you?
How can I learn hacking at home?	How can we learn hacking efficiently?
Is it possible to believe in the Genesis creation story and the Big Bang theory?	Has any attempt made to harmonize Genesis 1 with the Big Bang Theory?
Which is the best laptop to buy under 30k in India?	Which is the best laptop model to buy within 30k?
How do I reset a Gmail password?	How can I reset the password for my Gmail account?
Can anyone hack clash of Clans?	Is there any hack for coc?
How can I stop being so hard on myself?	How do I stop going hard on myself?
How are we enabled to see the black colour?	How can we see black colour?
What are the best internet business ideas?	What are all Internet business ideas?
What is the revenue model for blogging?	What could be the revenue model for a blogging company?
What are some funny stories of your childhood?	What are some funny incidents from your childhood?
How is the difference between Nikon and Canon DSLR cameras?	What is the difference between Nikon and Canon DSLR?
Why did What.cd shut down (Nov. 2016)?	Why was What.CD shut down?
Is Forex trading legal in India?	Is forex trading valid and legal in India?
What are the tax benefits of incorporating in Delaware?	Are there real benefits of incorporating in Delaware for tax purposes?
Should I opt for chemical engineering because I love chemistry?	Should I study chemical engineering because I like (and am good at) chemistry?
What are the most liquid assets?	What is the most liquid asset and why?
How is software design different from web design?	Diffrence betweem web design and graphic design.?
What is the weirdest question you've seen (In your opinion) on Quora?	What are the weirdest questions you have seen on Quora?
What are the most upvoted answers on Quora?	What is the most viewed and most up voted answer on Quora?
How should I gain muscle mass?	How do I gain weight?
Which is the business that has created the most millionaires in the U.S.?	Which company has created the most millionaires?
What is the best way to create traffic in a website?	How can you generate a traffic to website?
How do one quit smoking?	How do I quit smoking? How?
How gold is formed?	How is gold formed?
What are the safety precautions on handling shotguns proposed by the NRA in North Carolina?	What are the safety precautions on handling shotguns proposed by the NRA in Washington?
What are Newton's laws of motion?	What are Newton's three laws of motion?
How does first time sex feel like?	How does it feel when a person has sex for the very first time?
How do I grow taller? Some tips?	How do I grow taller in a hurry?
What are the best technological inventions and gadgets of 2016?	What are some of the best inventions in 2016?
How can I speak fluent English with accuracy?	How do I speak English like celebrities?
What do you think about the Modi's sudden decision to scrap 500 and 1000 rs denomination?	Do you think Indian governments decision to demonetize the 500 and 1000 rupee note is a sudden action?
How will the ban on Rs 500 and 1000 notes impact the Indian economy?	What would be the possible impact on Indian economy after cancellation of 500 and 1000 Rs notes?
How do I find a co-founder for a startup?	Where can I find cofounders for my startup?
I am in first year. In which direction should I start my preparation to clear for IAS exam?	Should IAS preparation start after graduation?
How did China get veto power?	Why does China have veto power in the UN?
Why is US worried about Russia taking over Crimea?	Why is the American government so upset about Crimea?
What is the most effective way to loose weight successfully?	Whats the best way to loose weight?
What is the average internet speed at LNMIIT?	How is the internet facility at LNMIIT?
What I can do for become normal?	How do I become normal?
Is knowledge infinite?	Is knowledge infinite? Why?
Can you see who viewed your Instagram?	Can you really see who viewed your pics or profile on instagram?
What is the oldest religion on earth?	Which is the oldest relegion in the world?
How can I enlarge my penis?	How do I enlarge the length and width of my penis?
Is the chaotic nature of a strongly interacting dark matter responsible for the Casimir effect?	Is the strongly interacting dark matter which fills 'empty' space and is displaced by matter what relates general relativity and quantum mechanics?
Is any cricketers there on Quora?	Are there any international cricketers on Quora?
How can I improve my communication skills?	What should we do to improve communication skills?
How can I stop thinking of my ex?	How can I stop thinking about my ex?
What is asexual reproduction? What are the advantages and disadvantages?	What is meant by asexual reproduction?
What songs should I listen to when I hate someone?	What songs should I listen to if I hate someone?
What is the best path I should take to improve my English?	How can I improve fluency in English?
How can I get meth out of my system in two days?	What can I do to clean out my system from meth?
What are ways I can make money online?	What is the easy way to make money online?
What is the best advice you could give yourself now?	What is the best advice to give yourself?
How can I become an investment banker in India?	How do I become an investment banker in India?
What can one do to improve his work ethic?	How can I have a better work ethic?
What can I do to avoid feeling sleepy in the afternoon?	How do I stop feeling sleepy in the afternoon?
What is the best way to avoid death?	How do I avoid death?
What is your opinion on the discontinuation of 500 and 1000 rupee notes?	What are the possible implications of Demonetization of 500 and 1000 rupee notes?
What will the world look like in the year 2100?	What will the world look like in 2100?
What is a dream job?	What is/was your dream job?
Is vanilla the same as vanilla extract?	What are the differences between vanilla essence and vanilla extract? What are the similarities?
How does passage of the GST bill help the common man in India?	What are the merits and demerits of GST implementation in INDIA?
Is there a way to get a domain for free?	What is the best way to get a free domain?
How can I do effective self study?	What should I do to focus on study?
What is your reason to live?	What is the reason of your life?
What do Indian grooms and brides do on the wedding night?	What do Indian brides and grooms do on their wedding night?
What should I do to beat boredom?	How did you beat boredom?
My MacBook does not open. When I press the power button it just shows a folder in grey colour and a question mark in it. How can I solve it?	Does a folder with a flashing question mark on my Macbook mean my hard drive has crashed? How can I fix it?
What is surgical strike by India?	What is the surgical strike?
What is the best way to sync an iPhone to a MacBook Pro?	How do you sync an iPhone to a Macbook?
How can I improve my communication and verbal skills?	How can I learn communication skills?
How was your experience of Lucid dreaming?	What can you do in a lucid dream?
What are the best tips for outlining/planning a novel?	What is the best way to outline your novel?
Was fire bombing of Dresden the worst war crime of WWII?	Was the Allied bombing of Dresden a possible war crime?
What are the things that someone who's flying for the first time must know?	As a first time flyer what are some things I should know?
What is the best strategy for sociology optional?	What strategy should be followed for sociology optional?
What would have Theodore Hertzl'd proposed seven starred flag from his “the Jewish state” actually look like?	What would Theodore Hertzl's proposed seven starred flag for Israel from his 'The Jewish State' actually have looked like?
How does sex feel like for the first time?	What is the feeling to have sexual intercourse at the first time?
If dark energy is being created with expansion can infinite of it be created?	Is dark energy and vacuum energy potential energy infinite?
What is more important: the journey or the destination?	Is the journey more important than the destination?
What are strategies to get good score in GATE EE 2016 with two digit rank within 3 months?	How can I start preparing for GATE 2016 within 4 months?
How can I speaking fluently speaking English?	How can I become good at English?
How do I prepare for the SSC (CHSL) examination?	How can I prepare for the SSC CHSL?
How can I learn machine learning?	What is the best way to get started with Machine Learning?
What is a good first programming language to learn?	What is the best computer programming language to learn first?
How do you backup photos on iPhone but delete them from the device?	Can I upload my photos to icloud on my phone and delete them from my phone safely?
How can I trace phone calls from a cell phone?	How can we trace a phone call's origin or cellphone location?
Is reservation necessary in India?	Why do we need reservation in India?
How do I post a question here?	How we can post in Quora?
What should I give my mother on her birthday?	What should I get my mother for her birthday in a week?
Do guns fire in space?	Can you shoot a gun in space?
How can I find if someone has deleted whisper app?	How can I find if someone has deleted their whisper app?
How Donald Trump's presidential victory going to affect India and Indian IT companies?	How will Trump's presidency affect the Indian IT industry?
What is agenda?	What is an agenda?
Can you laminate a social security card?	Why aren't US social security cards laminated? Can you laminate them?
How do I download YouTube videos?	What is the best way to download a YouTube video?
How can I cancel my Amazon Prime membership?	How do you cancel your Amazon Prime membership?
Is it possible to fall in love with more than one woman / girl in the same period of time?	İs it possible to be in love with 2 people at the same time?
What do you think of abolishing 500 and 1000 Rupee Currency notes by the Indian Government?	What is your opinion on the demonetization of currency by Indian government?
Why can't we tickle ourselves?	Why can't I tickle myself?
What is biggest difference between Chinese and Western cultures?	What are the major differences between Chinese and Western culture?
How can I pay full attention to studying?	How do I pay full attention to my studies?
Phone unable to connect to Wi-Fi?	Why won't my phone connect to Wi-Fi?
What are some good ways to lose weight?	I'm fat. How do I lose weight?
How I get chloroform?	Where can I obtain chloroform?
Who are you voting for in the 2016 U.S. Presidential Elections and why?	Who are you voting for and why?
Why do future is so uncertain?	Why is the future so uncertain?
How do I get rid of my possessiveness and insecurities?	How do I get rid of my insecurities?
How can I change karma?	How do you break the cycle of karma?
What are some great books to expand your mind?	What are some books that expand our mind?
How can we use the word "inertia" in a sentence?	How can the word "inertia" be used in a sentence?
What's a good GRE score?	What do you think would be a good gre score?
How should IQ be calculated?	How or where can I check my IQ level?
How can I get back in my Facebook without a vaild email or password?	How do I get into my Facebook if I can't remember passwords and I can't access email account?
How can I add more topics here in Quora?	How do I add topics on Quora from the big list?
Why do people support Donald Trump?	Why would you vote for Donald Trump?
How do crunches help you lose weight? What are some tips?	Does doing crunches really make us lose weight?
Why did Trump win the Presidency?	How did trump win the presidential election?
Why didn't he love me?	Why doesn't he love me?
What is the most interesting job in the world? Why?	What is the best job in this while world?
What is ISRO? How to get a job here?	How one can get a job in ISRO?
Is Chicago turning into another Detroit?	Is Chicago in danger of becoming Detroit?
What does it mean when I dream of someone I know dying?	What does it mean when you have a dream that a friend or someone you know died?
What are some things that make you sad?	What makes you more sad?
What is the process for MS in Canada? How to shortlist universities?	What is the procedure to do MS in canada?
What are the disadvantages and advantages of the death penalty?	What are the advantages and disadvantages of the death penalty?
Which non-native English-speaking countries speak English the most?	Which non English speaking countries speak the best English and why? Which countries would you rank as the top three in this regard?
How should you start learning programming?	How do you get started learning programming?
Is its safe for bunnies to eat carrot?	Is it safe for rabbits to eat carrot?
Is college really worth all the stress?	Is college really worth the energy?
How do I know if my spouse is cheating?	How can I know if my wife is a cheater?
Why is sex seen as 'bad' by some people?	Why is sex seen as bad?
How can I get investors for my business?	From where could I get investors for my business?
Can Donald Trump really become President of US?	What are the chances of Donald Trump Winning the 2016 election?
What are your favorite albums of 2016?	What is your favorite music album of 2016?
How can I improve my communication effectively?	How can I increase my communication skills?
What are the most annoying questions that you come across in Quora?	What are some of the most annoying questions on Quora that you wanted to answer?
By what framework may I take the application lock on iphone?	How would I take the application lock on iphone?
How can I start learning and doing programming again?	What are the best websites for learning programming languages?
Why are the views on my Quora stats page not correct?	Why is the number of Answer Views different on my Quora profile than on my Stats page?
How do I best outline my novel?	What is the best way to outline your novel?
How does Quora's real name validation algorithm work?	How does Quora's name verification system work?
What are some interesting facts about honey bees?	What are the most fascinating facts about bees?
What do you know that nobody else knows?	What do you know that you think nobody else knows?
What are the little things in daily life that make someone happy?	What are the little things that brings hapinness in daily life?
How can I control someone's mind?	How can I control people's mind?
What is Vladimir Putin doing to retain power?	How has Vladimir Putin retained power in Russia?
How can I delete my own question from Quora?	How do I delete my question from Quora?
What is the ultimate happiness?	What is ultimate happiness for you?
Who believes in horoscopes? Why?	Who believes in horoscopes?
How do I lose weight without dieting?	How can we reduce weight without dieting?
How do I square a number without usisng a calculator?	How do I square a number without using a calculator?
What should I ask my client when building a website?	What informations do I need from a client to build them a website?
How do I get started in politics?	How can I start getting into Politics?
How do I polish my English skills?	How should I polish my English skills?
How exactly can I get out of this comfort zone by motivating myself?	How do I break out of my comfort zone?
How do apps make money?	How does an app make money?
How can you compare and contrast WW1 and WW2?	How do the casualties from WW1 and WW2 compare and contrast?
What are the 6 business strategies?	What are some business strategies?
How can I marry a millionaire?	How do I marry a millionaire?
Is there anyone alive today who knew Hitler personally?	Who is still alive that knew Hitler?
What countries or sovereign states are republics?	What countries are republics?
What makes a good mother?	What is a good mother?
What kind of jobs can an undergraduate international student do in U.S?	What kind of jobs do international undergraduate students get in USA?
Is Hillary Clinton going to go to jail?	Why could Hillary Clinton go to jail?
How did Starbucks become so huge?	Why is Starbucks so irresistible?
How can I realistically make money online?	How do I make money from home?
What are the important topics of nmat 2016?	What are the important topics in quant for nmat 2016?
Which one is the best security software for smartphones and tablets?	Which app is the best for Smartphone security protection?
Who will win the two thousand sixteen U S presidential election and why?	Who is going to win the 2016 US presidential election? Why?
Is peace in the Middle East possible?	When will the Middle East be peaceful again?
How can I scroll down to view a whole web page using wayback machine?	How can I view a whole web page using wayback machine?
How do I gain some healthy weight?	How should I gain muscle mass?
What is the biggest mistake entrepreneurs make?	What is the single biggest mistake entrepreneurs make when starting up?
What are good scary movies?	What are some good horror movies?
Which are the top 10 PC games one should try?	What are top 5 games that every PC gamer should play?
Do you like fast food?	Do you like fast food and why?
What are the joys of exercise?	What are the joys of exercises?
What is your most viewed Quora question?	What is the biggest Quora question on Quora as in the most views/responses?
What are examples of the diachronic and synchronic approaches?	What are some examples of synchronic and diachronic approaches?
What are best business plan to invest?	What are the best new business idea in india with less investment?
How can we calculate equivalent resistance for the below resistor arrangement?	How do I calculate equivalent resistance?
What are cheap but good hotels to live in goa?	Which is a cheap and good hotel to stay in goa? Like some oyo rooms or any other?
Will machine learning help me in quantitative finance?	Which machine learning model has been proved most successful (or is the most widely used) in quantitative trading/finance?
What is a retail business? What are some examples?	What is a "retail business"? What are some examples?
Which life lesson did you learn too late in your life?	What did you learn too late in your life?
How can I earn money part time online?	What is the easiest way to make a little money online?
How can I be my own Internet service provider?	How can I start my own ISP and start to provide a broadband service in my area?
How do I get good score in GRE?	How do I prepare for gre?
Who has physically died and been brought back to our physical life?	Who has died and been brought back to life and what did you see or feel?
Is pornography an art?	Is pornography a form of art?
How do I make free money?	How can I make free money?
What is the best laptop under Rs. 60k in India for running latest pirated games?	Which is best gaming laptop under 60000?
What should be done to get admission in harvard?	How should an international student go about getting admission in Harvard?
Is NDTV ban a violation of freedom of speech?	Does the ban on NDTV India for 1 day can be justified?
How can I reduce the size of my breast?	Can I reduce the size of my breast?
What makes India a very different country from rest of the world?	What makes us Indians different from rest of the world?
Interview Question: tell us one reason why we shouldn't hire you?	How would you answer this job interview question: Why shouldn't I hire you?
What are some of the best non fiction books to read that can change one's perspective of life?	Suggest Books which 'll change your life?
How do I connect a Raspberry Pi to my laptop?	How should I connect my Raspberry Pi with my laptop?
What is marketing strategy?	What is a market strategy?
What rotates the rotors of an autogyro?	How does a rotor turns in an autogyro?
How much is known about the release date of the new Apple MacBook Pro?	When will Apple release the next generation of MacBook Pros with redesigned hardware?
How will the interest rate hike by the US Federal Reserve impact indian economy now and in future?	How would the interest rate hike by the US Federal Reserve impact the Indian economy?
How do I become a gentleman?	How can one become a gentleman? What are some best practices?
Which is the loneliest place on earth inhabited by less than 5 persons?	Where is the loneliest place on earth where just a single person is living and working?
How can I get the product name from a Walmart receipt?	How do you find product names from a Walmart receipt?
Which book should I read first as a computer science student?	Which books should I read about computer science?
Which animal has the longest lifespan?	Which animal lives the longest?
What is the difference between shame and guilt?	What is the difference between guilt and shame?
How can I stop worrying about what other people think of me?	Why do I care so much about what other people think of me?
How do I lose weight ayurvedically?	How do I actually lose weight?
How can I know that I am in love with a girl?	How do you know if you are in love or just limerice?
What are some reviews of the Sony Xperia C4?	What is your review of Sony Xperia C4?
How useful has Khan Academy been to you?	Is Khan Academy useful for engineering students?
What is the easiest way to kill myself?	What's a good way to kill yourself?
How many attempts a general category student have for engineering service examination?	How many chances a general category student have for engineering service examination?
How could I lose a few pounds quickly?	How do I lose weight and reduce my waist quickly?
How can I increase the traffic to my website?	What is the best way to drive traffic to a website?
What are some of the best pickup lines ever said to you?	What are the best pickup line(s) you've ever heard?
Should India go for another war with Pakistan?	Should India go for war with Pakistan?
Does visualization really work?	Does creative visualization work? If so what is the correct procedure?
Does a question marked for improvement get seen by others?	Why is my question marked as needing improvement when it is perfectly clear and well written?
Which is better for programming: Ubuntu vs Mint?	Which one is better Linux OS? Ubuntu or Mint?
What is use of GOTO button in calculators?	What is the use of GOTO button in calculators?
What are the methods to avoid pregnancy?	How do I avoid unwanted pregnancy?
Where should I start if I want to make a school research in face recognition and know python?	Where should I start to make a school research in face recognition assuming that I know python?
Do you believe there is life after death?	Is there life after life?
What are the limitations of human right?	What are the limitations of human rights?
What do Chinese people think about the Indians?	What do Chinese people think of Indians?
Why do people say god bless you when you sneeze?	What is the origin of saying God Bless You after sneezing?
Which is the most loved country?	Which country is the most loved throughout the world?
What are the best places to eat in Indore (Indori food)?	What are the best places to eat in Indore Indori food?
Which are some of the best romantic movies?	What is the best romantic movie you have ever seen?
What's the importance of GST bill in India?	What is the benefit for a middleclass people on this GST Bill being passed?
What are some of the funniest jokes you've ever heard?	Tell a joke that the funniest you have heard?
Is adam and eve real?	What are the evidences that prove that Adam and Eve existed?
Why is the Indian stock market falling since PM Modi's demonetisation move?	Why is stock market (sensex) falling after the demonetisation of 500 and 1000 notes?
Does Bill Gates use Quora?	Has Bill Gates ever answered on Quora?
Is India changing under PM Modi?	Is India really changing under the leadership of PM Modi ?
How do aspies do in college?	How do aspies do at college?
Do I really need a bookkeeper?	Do we really need a bookkeeper?
Which is the best DSLR under 60k?	Which DSLR is the best under 60k?
Do you regularly enjoy anal sex?	Do you love to practice anal sex?
What is the impact of 'Modi' fied currency notes of INR 500/INR 1000 denomination on Real estate?	What will be the impact on real estate by banning 500 and 1000 rupee notes from India?
Should drugs be legal?	Why should or shouldn't all drugs be legalized?
Where can I get various types of custom lanyards in Melbourne?	Where can I get a unique lanyard design in Melbourne?
How do I identify a fake person?	How do I find fake people on sight?
How do I get 2014 SSC examination results by name?	How do I get 2014 SSC examination results?
What are some of the best hangout places in Pune?	Which is the best place to hangout with friends in pune?
Who got fired in Samsung for the exploding Note 7 battery?	Did Samsung fire any executive after Note 7 debacle?
How can I delete my own question from Quora?	How do I delete a question on Quora application?
How can I become part of the 1%?	How can one become part of the 1%?
Shortlist best 20 universities in world which are most reputed in the Computer Science Engineering?	Which are the best colleges for computer engineering?
Why is the media against Trump?	Why the media are so biased agianst Donald Trump?
Do you think the shape of Filipino consciousness is natural? Explain Briefly.	Is the Filipino consciousness natural?
How can I get an internship in India in IT companies?	How can I get an internship in IT sectors in India?
Which is the best English translation of the Qur'an?	What are the best translations of The Holy Quran in English language?
What is the best laptop within the 20000-25000 INR range with a genuinely nice configuration?	What is the best laptop to buy in the range of INR 20000-25000?
Is it possible to completely change your personality?	Is there a way for me to change certain traits/aspects of my personality?
How does the HP OfficeJet 4620 Airprint compare to the HP DesignJet T1530 36-in PostScript Printer?	How does the HP OfficeJet 4620 Airprint compare to the HP LaserJet Enterprise M606x?
What are the cutoff marks of NALCO for all categories through the 2014 GATE?	What is the cutoff mark for NALCO through the 2014 GATE?
What is the difference between a goal and a dream?	What's the difference between a dream and a goal?
What are the best Game of Thrones spoilers to date?	What are some of the mind blowing spoilers of game of thrones.?
What's the quickest way to get rid of belly fat?	What are some good ways to get rid of belly fat?
Has Quora turned into a political hack for Clinton?	Why does it seem Quora is so Pro Clinton?
What problems occur when a laptop runs out of power?	What are the problems when laptop runs out of power?
Which is the best gate coaching centre in Kerala?	Which is best GATE coaching centre in Kerala?
I'm fat. How do I lose weight?	What is the fastest possible way to lose weight?
What amendment gives freedom of choice? What does it say?	What Amendment allows you freedom of choice? What does it say?
How do I propose a girl for sex?	How can I propose a girl for sex?
Which is your absolute favorite quote?	What are some of your favorite quotes and why?
Why is Spotify not available in India?	When will Spotify arrive in India?
What is the best programming blog?	What are some of the best programming blogs?
How can someone submit a form without using the submit button?	How can you submit a form without a submit button using java script?
Why do we need artificial intelligence ?	Do we really need artificial intelligence?
What are the famous tourism places in Pakistan?	What are the best places to visit in Pakistan?
How can I immigrate to USA?	What is the easiest way to immigrate to the USA?
What causes cancer?	What factors contribute to cancer?
Could World War lll happen in the future?	Would World War 3 happen?
What is the most important thing in life? And why?	What are most important things in life?
How do I verify my Twitter account?	How can I verify my Twitter account?
What is the difference between distilled water and purified water?	How are distilled water and purified water the same?
What should couples do to prevent their sexual life from being boring?	How do you keep sex from being boring?
What is the best way to make Turkish coffee?	How do you make Turkish coffee?
How can I jaoi ISRO?	What is ISRO? How to get a job here?
Should I follow my dreams or responsibilities?	Should you follow your responsibility or follow your dreams?
How do you know if you are in love? How do you know its not just chemicals in your brain trying to trick you to reproduce?	How do you know when it is true love?
What is the best way to learn piano?	What is best way to learn piano?
What is the best stock market advice you have ever received?	What is the best stock advice you ever received?
How did Trump win the presidency?	How did trump become president?
How did Halloween Originate? What country did it originate on?	In what country did Halloween originate?
What are the differences between Chinese and Western wedding?	What's the difference in a wedding between western country and Chinese country?
Is it safe to travel to Italy now?	Is it safe to travel through Italy?
Is de Broglie's subquantic medium a strongly interacting dark matter? Is there evidence of the dark matter when a double slit experiment is performed?	Is there evidence of the strongly interacting dark matter that fills 'empty' space every time a double slit experiment is performed? Is it what waves?
How do you train a dog?	How do I train White Pitbulls?
Which are the Best movies to watch after getting high?	What are some good movies to watch while stoned?
Can hamsters eat cucumber?	Can hamsters eat honey? Why or why not?
Share your review about Kabali movie?	What is your review of kabali movie and tell interesting scene?
What is the reason many engineering students can't get job?	What is the reason why engineering students are not getting jobs?
What does Trump's victory mean for India?	How would Donald Trump's win affect India?
How can I disable comments on photos posted to Facebook?	Facebook: Can I disable like and comment options on Facebook?
What are the proofs for the existence of dark matter and energy?	Is dark matter just a scientific theory or has its existence been scientifically proven?
How can I improve my English speaking ability?	What can I do to improve my English speaking?
Why are so many Quora users posting questions that are readily answered on Google?	Why use Quora if you can google?
How do I get started with Kali Linux?	How do I learn Kali Linux?
What are the foods you should never eat?	What foods or ingredients should I never eat?
How does the HP OfficeJet 4620 Airprint compare to the HP Color LaserJet Enterprise M750n?	How does the HP OfficeJet 4620 Airprint compare to the HP Color LaserJet Enterprise M553x?
Why don't I get angry? What should I do to get anger?	Why i can't get angry?
What are octane boosters?	How do octane boosters work?
How do I sync Google contacts to iPhone?	How do I get all my Google contacts onto my iPhone?
Does any airline company use WhatsApp as a customer support tool?	Does any airline use WhatsApp as a customer support tool?
Why Modi govt did not release new 1000 rupee note instead released 2000 rupee note?	Why was the 1000 rupee note replaced with a 2000 rupee note?
What American TV shows are must see shows?	What are some best American TV shows?
What is the best way to crack GMAT?	How do I crack the GMAT?
What should we answer when a HR questions why should we hire you?	What was the best answer for "Why we can hire you"?
What are your views on transgender people?	How do you view transgender people?
What did Brazil do in WW II?	What role did Brazil play in World War II?
What is the difference between a programmer and a developer?	What is the difference between a programmer and a software developer?
How does it feel to be under the influence of cocaine?	What is the feeling of cocaine?
How do you get someone to love you back?	How can you make someone that you love so much love you back?
What are the best computer science (CS) / computer systems engineering (CSE) private colleges in India?	India: What are the best computer science (CS) / computer systems engineering (CSE) colleges in India?
Where is the best burger in the world?	What are some of the best burgers in the world?
What is borderline personality disorder?	How can I come over borderline personality disorder?
Is time travel possible through cosmic strings?	It is possible to travel by time?
What are the books that expand your mind?	What are some books that expand our mind?
Can a plane land from cruise altitude with both engines out?	Can an airliner glide to the ground if both engines stop during high cruise altitude and cruise speed?
How are distilled water and purified water the same?	Is distilled water the same as purified water?
What are the best ways to start electronic projects?	How do I start electronics projects?
How do i lose weight?	How do I actually lose weight?
What are the job opportunities available after doing MS in Biotechnology from a US University?	What are the job opportunities after doing an MS in biotechnology from a US University other than going for a PhD?
Can you send and receive money with an unverified PayPal account?	Can I send and receive money with an unverified PayPal account (USA)?
What would be the best way to control anger?	How can a person control anger?
Why is the front camera of lesser resolution (megapixels) than the rear camera?	Why is front camera pixel less than the back camera pixel in phones?
How much control can one have over one's emotions?	How do I control emotions..Like Heart Breaking emotions?
What are some common examples of double displacement reactions?	What are double replacement reactions? What are some examples?
What company provides the best SEO services in India?	Which company provides the best professional SEO service in India?
What exactly is GOD?	What is God & what is God?
What can I do after finishing BE computer science?	What can I do after completing BE in Computer science?
I was suddenly logged off Gmail. I can't remember my Gmail password and just realized the recovery email is no longer alive. What can I do?	I forgot my Gmail password and I can't answer the Gmail recovery questions. What can I do?
How can I get better in bed?	How do I become good in bed?
What can help me fall asleep at night?	What do you do to help you fall asleep at night?
How is linguistics related with historical linguistics?	What are the similarities between linguistic and historical linguistics?
What is the best free web hosting provider?	What is the best free web hosting service/site?
How do I prepare for the IEO exam?	How do I prepare for IEO exam?
Why does the NBA have games on Christmas Day?	Why are there NBA games on Christmas?
Can time travel exist somewhere in our universe already?	Is time travel possible? If yes? How?
What are the safety precautions on handling shotguns proposed by the NRA in the entire U.S. including it’s territories and possessions? 2	What are the safety precautions on handling shotguns proposed by the NRA in California?
How do I get rid of puffy nipples?	Why is my nipples puffy and how can I get rid of it?
When will Apple release the next generation of MacBook Pros with redesigned hardware?	What upgrades are expected with the next MacBook Pro with retina display and is there a firm release date?
How should one prepare for IBPS PO interview?	How do I prepare for ibps po interview?
What is the best part time job to work from home?	What are the ways to earn in a part time job work from home?
What is an inverse function?	What is inverse function? What are some examples?
How do I get 8 ball pool coins using hack generator without paying any money?	How can I earn free coins in 8 ball pool?
What is biggest difference between Chinese and Western cultures?	What are the major differences between Chinese culture and western cultures?
What is blowing raspberries mean?	What does 'blowing raspberries' mean?
How can I lose weight at age 55?	How do I lose weight without quitting?
What's the most important lesson you've learned in life?	What is the most important lesson you have learned from life?
What are great books to learn java from?	What are the best books to learn Java?
What are some examples of singular common nouns?	What are some examples of singular nouns?
What is the job profile of assistant enforcement officer in SSC CGL? Is it a risky post?	What is the job profile of assistant enforcement officer in SSC CGL?
How do you get started in cybersecurity?	How do I get started with Cybersecurity?
Which is the one new word that you learned today?	What new word have you learnt today?
I am a first year engineering student and have learnt C until handling files. What should I do to enhance my skills? Where should I learn how to make a software?	I am a first year engineering student and have learnt C until handling files. What should I do to enhance my skills? Where should I learn how to make a software or games?
What is the difference between American and Indian education?	What are the differences between the American and Indian education systems?
Why do most of the competitive programmers prefer C++ over Java when Java is more useful to learn as it is used in app development/web development?	Why do competitive programmers prefer to use C++ instead of Java in the programming contests?
How do yo fall out of love with someone?	How does one fall out of love?
Who was the greatest king in history?	Who is greatest king?
How should one improve one's presence of mind?	How do one develop presence of mind?
What is the best riddle you have heard?	What are some of the best riddles you have heard?
Where do I find a simple to understand solution on how to lose weight?	I'm overweight. How can I begin to lose weight?
Is 292 in GRE a good score?	What are my chances with a 299 GRE score?
How will I know that am taking right decision?	How do we know if we are making the right decision?
Do you believe in free will or determinism?	How can we be sure that we have free will?
Are dogs carnivores?	Why are some dogs considered carnivores?
Is forex trading valid and legal in India?	Forex trading from India is legal?
What the best way(s) to fight boredom?	How can I escape boredom?
Is scrapping old 500 and 1000 rupees notes and releasing new 500 and 2000 rupees notes a permanent solution for eradication of black money?	How will issuing of new 2000 Rs notes help curb black money and corruption?
Why do farts have a bad smell?	Why do farts stink so bad?
How does a woman rape a man?	How can a woman rape a man?
Which is the easiest language to learn after English?	Which is the easiest language to learn besides learning English?
What does Richard Muller think of the Bhagavad Gita?	What Does Richard Muller think of Bhagavad Gita?
How will Trump's victory effect India?	How will Donald trump's Victory would affect India's relationship with USA?
What are examples of Conspiracies Theories that turned out to be true?	Which are some of the conspiracy theories that later on proved to be true?
How would Trump presidency affect Indian students in the US?	How might Trump affect the status of foreign students at top universities in the US?
How do you lead an engaging group discussion?	How do you lead an effective group discussion?
Why do people vandalize Wikipedia articles regarding cities?	Why do people vandalize Wikipedia?
How do I use Hadoop?	What is essential to start learning Hadoop?
Do professional soccer players masturbate?	Do all soccer players masturbate?
Can I earn money online?	What is best way to make money online?
What are the benefits of drinking mint green tea?	What are the benefits of drinking mint tea?
What are the most important concepts in C and C++ that should be learnt and understood before a programming interview?	Which program is most important for C and C++?
Should one get married?	Why should one get married?
How will I forgive all the people who hurt me?	How can I practically forgive people who hurt me & make me angry?
How do I upload my profile picture on Quora?	How can I upload my profile picture in Quora?
What are some part time jobs which can be done from home?	Is there any part time work that can be done from home?
Why is it important to have goals in life?	Is it necessary to have a goal in life?
Will upgrading to Windows 10 cause me a lot of problems?	Are there any problem faced after upgrading to windows 10 from windows 8.1?
How do I survive in Phd?	How do I survive PhD?
Is India heading towards a civil war because of reservation?	Will civil wars erupt in India over the issue of reservation?
What will be the next step taken by MODI to combat black-money/ terrorism/ corruption?	What is next step after demonetization?
How I can improve my English communication?	How can I improve fluency in English?
How can I increase the traffic to my website?	How can I increase traffic to my website using social media?
How do logic and philosophy related?	How is philosophy related to logic?
Can psychopaths be cured?	Can a psychopath be cured?
Will the World end?	How and when is the world going to end?
What is the role of a brand manager?	What is the typical role of a brand manager?
Is it healthy to eat fish every day?	What same food should I eat every day to protect my health?
How do I convert PDF files to jpeg?	What is the best way to save a PDF file as a JPEG?
What are habits of successful people?	What are a few of the habits that successful people do daily?
Where can I get good quality cupcakes and a lot of different flavor in Gold Coast?	Where can I get an unique taste for cupcakes in Gold Coast?
What reasons do cats have to move their kittens?	Why do feral cats move their kittens to a different place?
How it will the latest change in the denominations of Rs. 500 and 1000 affect the economy?	How is banning 500 and 1000 INR going to help Indian economy?
What is the best Royal Enfield bike?	Which is the best royal Enfield bike in 2016?
What are interesting facts about olympics?	What are some little-known facts about the Olympics?
How can I prepare for IIT JEE 2018?	How do I prepare for IIT JEE Advanced 2018?
How practical is drone delivery project?	Is drone delivery possible?
What's your 2017 new year resolution?	What are some new year resolutions for 2017?
How do I hire great employees?	How do I hire great people?
What are some dishes to serve with stuffed mushrooms?	What are some great side dishes for stuffed mushrooms?
What is operating leverage?	What is operating leverage? And to calculate it?
Would the founder/CEO of a new/small commercial real estate firm that did 25 broker deals this year totaling $55 million be making over 500K a year?	Would the founder/CEO of 5 employee commercial RE firm be doing pretty well if they brokered 25 deals their 1st year totaling $55 million?
How do you show someone who doesn't believe they can be loved that you love them?	How do you get someone to believe you love them?
What are suggestions or ideas to improve my English writing skills?	What are the best ways to improve my writing skills in English.?
How can one make a girl squirt?	What makes my girl squirt?
What are the characteristics of a person with an INFP personality?	What are characteristics of a INFP?
What is the connection between differential equations and linear algebra?	How are differential equations and linear algebra connected?
How do I lose weight without doing exercise?	How can I loose weight naturally without exercise?
Who are the best tattoo artists in Bangalore?	Where can we get the best tattoo artist in Bangalore?
Which operating system do most programmers use?	What is the most common operating system that programmers used?
In which year the supreme Court established in India? How was this effective?	In which year the supreme Court established in India?
How do you know that you're in love/falling in love?	How do you know that you are in love/falling in love?
What are the best things you can do in internet?	What is the best thing I can do with the Internet?
What does sex feel like for girls?	Does sex feel good for women?
What do you think of the move of banning 500 and 1000 rupee notes in India (Nov 2016)?	What are the possible implications of Demonetization of 500 and 1000 rupee notes?
What are my chances/ How can I improve my chances of getting into an Ivy league or UC school?	What can I do to get accepted into an Ivy League school?
What is the actual use of marker interfaces in Java?	What is a marker interface in Java?
How do I improve my pronunciation of English?	How do I improve my English speaking?
What defines a person's character?	What determines a person's character?
How to prepare for CA Final exams?	How do I focus for the final CA exam?
What is the best diet plan for weight loss?	What is the best diet for weightloss?
What can be a good attempt and score to clear IBPS PO Vi prelim for GEN?	What can be a good attempt and score to clear IBPS PO V prelim for GEN?
How do I get record earlier video on Roku?	How can I get record earlier video on Roku?
What is your unusual hobby?	What are some unusual hobbies you have?
What were the best questions asked in an interview?	What are the best questions to ask during an interview?
Why do some people prefer Linux over Windows?	Why do people choose Linux over Windows 8.1?
What is your review of The Poona Pact?	Was gandhi wrong about poona pact?
How hard is it to become Top Question Writer on Quora?	How do people with very few views become Top Writers on Quora?
How can I make money from a blog?	How can we make money out of blogs?
Is it better to have a job experience before doing MBA in india?	Is it better to gain work experience before pursuing an MBA in India?
Does pornstars swallow sperm?	Do porn stars really swallow sperm?
What is the best schedule to follow for CAT 2017 exam preparations starting from January 2017?	What is the best schedule one can follow to study for CAT?
Could God who is truly all powerful create a rock that he himself could not lift?	If God is all powerful can he make a rock so heavy even he cannot lift it?
What are the fastest ways to increase height?	Can skipping increase your height?
Can I block someone from following me on Quora?	How can I block people on Quora?
Should Edward Snowden be considered a hero?	Is Edward Snowden a hero or traitor?
"How do I get rid of acne and acne…?	How do I get rid of acne and its spots?
Why does it take a check so long to clear sometimes?	Does a check really have to take so long to clear?
What is your review of Fantastic Beasts And Where To Find Them (movie)?	What did you think of the Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them movie?
What is the relationship between biotic and abiotic factors? What are some examples?	What is the difference between biotic and abiotic?
Is there a difference between sparkling water and soda water?	Is club soda the same as sparkling water?
What is the weirdest dream you've had?	Which is the weirdest dream you’ve ever had?
What was the Harshad Mehta scam?	What is the Harshad Mehta scam?
How should I prepare for CA final law?	What is the best way to prepare for CA final ISCA?
Does cannabis oil cure cancer? Or are the sellers hoaxing?	How does cannabis affect cancer?
Which is the best training institute for Java in Bangalore?	Which is the best training institute in Bangalore for Java that offers internship and jobs?
Do you see a possibility for a third world war?	Are we on the brink of a Third World War?
How Can one play xbox 360 games in xbox one?	How does one play xbox 360 games on xbox one?
Is money really the root of all evil?	Is money the root of all evil?
How should India respond to Pakistan on recent URI attack?	What should be India’s best reply to Pakistan after uri attack?
What are some good coaching institutes for GATE in Delhi?	Which is the best coaching institute for GATE in Delhi?
What is a Nun's life like in 2016?	What is the day to day life of a nun?
How can you track a cell phone by number for free?	How can I track a cell phone number?
What is depth of field?	How does depth of field work?
Why do people ask questions on Quora that can easily be answered by Google?	Why do people ask questions on Quora that are easily answerable via a quick internet search?
Is our PM Modi doing the correct thing with 500 and 1000 Rs notes?	What are the possible implications of Demonetization of 500 and 1000 rupee notes?
How can I get meth out of my system ASAP?	Do cranberry supplements help flush meth out of your system?
What is the one thing that you want to do before you die?	What do you want to do before you die?
What are some treatments for an extreme constipation?	What's the remedies for constipation?
Is there any way to unblock yourself on Facebook if someone blocked you?	Is there a way to get into Facebook if your blocked?
What are some amazing things made in Minecraft?	What are the most amazing things built in Minecraft?
What are the best things to do in life?	What is the best thing to do to improve life?
Which is the best course for digital marketing?	Which is the best digital marketing institute for professionals in India?
How do I find a job abroad?	How can we get job in abroad?
How can I wake up early in the morning?	What should I do to wake up early in the morning?
Which are the best movies of 2016?	What are your top 5 movies for 2016?
What is a good summary for the poem "Fire and Ice"?	What is the analysis of the poem "Fire and Ice" by Robert Frost?
What are your reviews for Sherlock season 4 episode 1 (spoiler free review please)?	What was your take on Sherlock season 4 episode 1?
How does your height increase?	How do I increase height at age of 16?
Why does Quora regulate comments while sites like YouTube and Reddit allow freedom of speech?	Why does Quora have no freedom of speech?
What existed before the beginning of the time?	What existed before universe?
What is the expected cutoff for KVPY SX Aptitude Test 2016 ?	What is the expected cutoff for KVPY SX 2016?
How do I prepare for gate?	What are some tips to prepare for the GATE?
Which is better between the Game of Thrones vs The Walking Dead?	Game of Thrones or Walking Dead?
What is the function of the monarchy in the United Kingdom?	What is the role of the monarchy in the United Kingdom?
What are some of the coolest open source projects on GitHub?	What are some of the coolest projects on github?
Which is the best online Test series for a bank?	Which one is the best online test series for bank exams?
What are the best places to visit in Kerala for 3 to 4 days?	What are the best places to visit in Kerala for college students?
What products should I use to get rid of acne quickly?	How do I get rid of acne naturally?
Which was the first meme created?	What was the first meme created and what is its purpose?
Should all women be married?	Do all women marry down?
How can you track a person by their cell phone number?	How do I find someone's cell phone number with an address?
How do I clean reclaimed unfinished wood floors?	How do you clean unfinished wood floors?
How can I increase the traffic to my website?	How can I increase the traffic on a site?
Which Bluetooth speakers are the best for under Rs 5k?	What is the best bluetooth speaker under 5k (india)?
Why the band tool is not available on Spotify?	Why is the band Tool not available on Spotify?
What does the electoral college do?	What is electoral college?
Which are the latest seminar topics related to computer science?	What are the latest technology seminars for computer science students?
How can we make money out of blogs?	How do you make money writing a blog?
What are some things that completely defies logic?	What are some things that defied logic?
What's the most embarrassing moment of your life?	What’s the most embarrassing moment of your life so far?
Is the e-commerce industry in India a bubble?	Is this e-commerce industry in India a bubble?
Which is the best SEO services company in India?	What is the best SEO management company in India?
What is the best phone to buy below 15k?	Which mobile I should buy under 15k?
What are some of life changing books that you've read?	What is the most life changing book you've ever read?
Is it safe to travel to Philippines now?	Is it still safe to travel in Philippines?
How do I increase sperm count?	What are the things to do to increase sperm count?
When people write really long answers on Quora is it helpful to the person who asked?	Do Quora answers really need to be long and should sound smart?
Can I get funded based on my startup idea?	How can you get VCs to fund you if you just have an idea?
Is a third world war coming?	How close is a World War III?
Why do librarians need a master's of library science degree?	Why a librarian need 4 years college degree?
What are some of the best stories about taking revenge?	What is the best revenge?
What are the career options after doing M.Des from IIT?	What are the career options after doing an M.Des from IIT?
How can I increase traffic to my websites by Facebook?	How can I increase traffic to my site and what are some suggestions on how to get more of it?
How is the theory of relativity used in GPS?	How is the theory of relativity related to GPS?
Is My Macbook Air's (early 2016) Headphone Jack Broken?	My Macbook Air (early 2016) Headphone Jack is Broken?
I forgot my Gmail password and I can't answer the Gmail recovery questions. What can I do?	I can't remember my Gmail password or my recovery email. How can I recover my e-mail?
Is it necessary to attend coaches classes for GATE preparation?	Is it necessary to go for coaching for GATE preparation?
Are teams at Google allowed to use Slack for communication?	Do Google employees use Slack?
Which is the best laptop below 50k?	Which is the best laptop under 50k?
How can I get rich online?	How do I get rich online?
What is a j2ee?	What is difference between core java and j2ee?
What led you to Quora?	How did you join Quora?
What is the truth behind withdrawal of 1000 and 500 rs notes in India?	What is the reason behind banning of ₹500 and ₹1000 notes in India?
How do you stay fit if you don't like the gym?	How to build a fit and strong body without going to the gym?
Which team do you think will win the IPL 2016?	Who will win IPL 2016 and Why?
Can we travel in time?	Can we go back in time?
What are causes of extreme fatigue?	What are the typical reasons for fatigue?
How did you expand your vocabulary?	How do I expand my vocabulary?
How easy is it to hack the login password of a Macbook Air?	How do I hack into a Mac login password?
How can I start my startup?	What is the easiest way to start a startup?
What are oasis?	What is an oasis?
How do I register my mobile number to my Aadhaar card online?	How do I register my mobile number to my AADHAAR card?
What is the best career option for an electrical engineer?	What are career options after B.tech in Electrical engineering?
Can you catch an arrow mid air?	Can a person catch an arrow with his bare hands?
What made you regain faith in humanity?	What are good ways of regaining faith in humanity?
Why does my dog play without treats?	Why do some dogs play without treats?
What makes a great problem solver?	How can I be a fast problem solver?
What are some best dialouges from friends?	What is the best dialogue/scene from friends?
How do I get my UAN number?	How I obtain my UAN Number?
What can we learn from Donald Trump?	What can people learn from Donald Trump?
Is there any way to increase height after age of 20?	How can I increase in height after 20 years?
What type of diets can you follow to lose 5 pounds in 2 weeks?	What type of diets can I take to lose 5 pounds in 2 weeks?
What is the effective way to get taller at age of 20?	Is there any way to get taller if I have already crossed 20?
What is the best way of improving spoken English?	What is the best path I should take to improve my English?
What changed you? How?	What has changed you?
What are the most important programming languages to learn nowadays?	Which programming language is the best nowadays?
How do I get more views on my answer?	How do I get many views on answers on Quora?
What was your most embarrassing moment infront of your crush?	What is the most embarrassing moment in front of your crush?
Where can I find medicines online?	Where can I find affordable medicine online?
Why do so many people on Quora ask stupid questions they could find answers to if they spent less than 5 minutes on a search engines?	Why do people on Quora ask silly questions about the facts which can be googled very easily?
What is the role of a HR in a company?	What are the different HR roles in a company?
Will the decision to demonetize 500 and 1000 rupee notes help to curb black money?	Would demonetization of 500 and 1000 rupee notes actually help in curbing black money in India?
Why is my puppy scratching his ears all the time?	Why does my puppy keeps scratching his ears?
How do I prepare for IAS exam without coaching? What is the syllabus and exam pattern?	How can I prepare for IAS with out coaching?
How can I copyright my book?	How is copyright obtained?
What are some good examples of household solvents?	What are some good examples of everyday solvents?
Do dreams have meanings?	Does every dreams have a meaning?
How do I stop Quora from asking me to answer questions?	How can I stop Quora asking me to answer a particular question?
What are the best restaurants in Buenos Aires?	What is the best restaurant in Buenos Aires and why?
Why is humanity dying?	Is humanity dying?
It it true that learning new programming languages goes much easier and faster after you learned one?	Does learning a new programming language become easier with each subsequent programming language learned?
Tony Fratto: Is it likely that a significant number of moderate Republicans will vote Democratic if Trump is the GOP's nominee?	Is it likely that a significant number of moderate Republicans will vote Democratic if Trump is the GOP's nominee?
Does penis size really matter? (and) What is the size of your penis?	Does penis size matter during sex?
How do I settle in canada?	What is the best way to settle in Canada?
How did Trump win the presidency?	Why did Trump win?
What is the best dating scene in San Francisco?	What is the dating culture in San Francisco like?
What will humans look like in 100 years?	What will the next 100 years look like?
How do I stop a Pointer/Boxer mix puppy from chewing my shoes?	How can I stop my dog from chewing my shoes?
What would the world be like if we no longer could die?	What would happen when nobody would die?
Is NASA's moon landing a hoax?	Do you think moon landing was fake?
How can I get started on learning physics?	How do you start learning physics?
What are the pros and cons of a track saw vs a table saw?	What are the pros and cons of a track saw with a table saw?
How could I improve my English?	How can I become good at English?
Which phone is best under 15k?	What will be the best smartphone around 15K?
What is the value of 0 factorial?	What will be the value of 0 factorial (with proof)?
What do you mean by emergency situation in a country?	What is the meaning of an emergency situation in the country?
What is the fastest way to improve cardiovascular fitness?	What can I do myself to improve my cardiovascular health?
Is Donald Trump fit to be the President of the United States? Why or why not?	Does Donald Trump have any potential to be a good president?
What is it like to hold a newborn baby?	How does it feel to hold a two-minute-old newborn baby?
What is cause of my car steering wheel vibrate when im running?	What can cause a steering wheel to shake and vibrate?
Who invented numbers?	Who invented the numbers 0-9?
How can one test their IQ?	How do you know your IQ?
Is it necessary to do MBA after Engineering?	Is it better to do an MBA after engineering?
Does Lavender Brown die in Harry Potter?	When and how did Lavender Brown die?
Is it possible to invent the time machine?	Why still its not possible to invent a time machine?
Which is the best digital media course in India?	Which one is the best Digital marketing course in India?
Why is Hillary Clinton worse than Donald Trump?	Is Hillary Clinton really worse than Donald Trump?
Are American parents in the future going to be helicopter parents?	Will helicopter parenting in the future going to be the societal norm in America?
Who will win the US elections 2016?	Who will win American Election in 2016?
How do I overcome my social media addiction??	How do we stop social media addiction?
Travel Tips: Where should I stay in goa if I want a lifetime memorable experience?	Where should I stay in Goa for the first visit?
How can I start using Google Hangouts?	How do I use Google hangouts?
What is your favorite romantic comedy and why?	What are some good romantic comedy movies?
How is the internet in IET Lucknow?	Is there Internet Facility for 1st year Hostelers at IET Lucknow hostels?
What are the best ways to deal with stress for a college goer?	How can a college student deal with their stress?
How often should I masturbate?	How often is it good to masturbate?
Is time travel possible and if yes can we travel only in past or future or both?	Do you think time travel is possible?
Would career women use a small and convenient robot chef to cook meals?	Would you use a robot chef to save time cooking?
Why does first love usually fail?	Why does first love always fail to many?
What is the best way to improve my Spanish vocabulary?	How can I increase my Spanish vocabulary?
What does soulmate means?	What is a soulmate to you?
Can World War 3 ever take place?	Is World War 3 closer than it has ever been?
What are your 10 favorite songs of all time?	What are your top 10 favourite songs of all time?
What is the best way to euthanize a dog at home?	What is the best way to euthanize your dog?
What are some new security features introduced in the new ₹2000 and ₹500 bills issued by RBI?	What are the security features of the new Rs.2000 note that makes it hard to fake?
Which song of Rahat Fateh Ali Khan is the best?	Which are the best songs of Rahat Fateh Ali Khan?
How do I get a loan?	How do you get a loan with no credit?
Am 4 days late of my period date.Am I pregnent?	My period is 10 days late. Am I pregnant?
What's new about iOS 10?	What are the new features in ios 10?
What is the proper diet to gain weight?	What food should I eat to gain weight?
What are the best e-learning platforms for education?	What is the best content of the e-learning course?
What is the most important decision you have taken in your life so far?	What is the biggest/most important decision you took in life that changed its entire trajectory?
What is semaphore?	What is a semaphore?
Where is the list of all the topics on Quora?	Is there any way to see all of the topics available on Quora?
What is the most realistic WW2 movie?	What's the most realistic WWII movie?
What is the best brand of puppy food for bulldogs?	What are the best food brands for a Husky puppy?
What is volcano?	What is a volcano?
Why is the product of two negative numbers always a positive number?	Why does multiplication of two negative numbers produce a positive number?
Can I get pregnant after 15 days of my periods?	Can I get pregnant after two weeks of my periods?
How do I learn not to care about what people think of me?	How can I stop myself from being affected by what other people think about me?
Does Maruti Suzuki recruit off campus?	How do I apply off campus for Maruti Suzuki?
Why do many people have an obsession with IQ?	Why are people obsessed with IQ?
Can one earn some money by posting answers on Quora?	Do you make money by writing answers on Quora?
How many states in America wanna be independent?	How many states in America want to be independent? And why?
Are there any good health benefits by eating fast foods?	What are the benefits of fast food?
How can you tell if a guy likes you or not?	How do I tell if a guy likes me?
How do I find my lost phone?	How do I find a lost phone?
Why is it wrong to take a human life?	Why is it morally wrong to take a human life?
What is the practical use of algebra?	What's a common everyday use for algebra?
Which game stall gives much money that can I have on my college fest?	What is the best engaging activity I can do if I am having a stall for company promotion in a college fest?
What are reasons regular Americans would have for supporting US military presence in Europe?	Why would ordinary Americans want US military to stay in Europe?
What exercise can help me to reduce my thigh fat?	How can I reduce thigh fat?
Confectionery: What makes popping candy pop?	What is in popping candy that gives it the effect?
What are some of the best jokes ever told?	What is the best joke you have ever heard?
What are the best ways to make money online?	How can i make money online easily?
Is learning JavaFx beneficial?	Is JavaFX worth learning?
Which one should I believe? Science or my religion?	Should I believe in science or religion?
How do I improve my pronunciation in English?	What the best way to improve English?
How can you know if someone is lying to you?	How can I find that someone is lying?
Do women enjoy a man cumming inside their vagina?	Do women enjoy feeling men ejaculate inside them?
Are back dimple piercings painful to get?	What does it feel like to get a back dimple piercing?
Will there really be any war between India and Pakistan over the Uri attack? What will be its effects?	What will happen if there is a war between India and Pakistan?
How do I get fit and get rid of body fat?	How do I get rid of fat?
I had sex in August. A week later I got my period regular for 4 days (heavy bleeding). I missed my period in September. Can I be pregnant?	I had sex 2 days before my period and my period was late and arrived three days later after my regular date. What's the possibility of being pregnant?
What could be the effect of GST bill on Indian economy?	What are the advantages of GST for the Indian economy?
What are the top programming languages to learn?	What programming languages are best to learn?
Which foods help gain weight?	What is the best diet to gain weight?
What makes the fine print of a document legally binding?	Why is fine print legal?
What is the best photo you have taken with your cell phone?	What are the best photos you have taken by Mobile?
Which is the best laptop I should buy under Rs.60000?	What is the best laptop under 60000 Indian Rupees?
Is an all-out nuclear war survivable?	Would all out nuclear war destroy all life on earth?
What are the most dangerous U.S. cities?	What is the most dangerous city in United States and why?
How does the reproductive system of seahorses work?	How do seahorses have babies?
How do I relieve back pain?	What is the best way to relieve lower back pain?
Do you regret getting a tattoo?	What tattoos do you have that you regret and why do you regret getting the tattoo?
What are the best books on cosmology?	Which is the best book for cosmology?
What are solids? What are some examples?	What are some examples of solids?
Is sex important for relationships?	Why is sex important in a good relationship?
What are some examples of terrestrial biomes?	What are some examples of the 7 terrestrial biomes?
What is the best way to please a woman?	What's the best way to please your girl?
What are some major events that happened in 2014?	Which are some of the major events that occured in 2014?
How do I get rid of pimples on my face?	How do I get rid of my acne and get nice skin?
How can you switch careers from being a financial advisor to a financial analyst?	How do I switch from financial advisor to financial analyst?
What's the best plan to lose weight?	How do I suck it up and lose weight?
What is a good anime I should watch?	What are the best anime series to watch?
How do I choose what to write an Ebook about?	How do I choose a topic to write an Ebook?
How do I gain weight at sixteen years old?	How do I gain weight as an 18 year old?
Where can I get best quality wall and floor tiles at very affordable rates in Sydney area?	Where can I get best qualities outdoor tiles in Sydney?
Can you provide me the list of the best hollywood movies you have seen?	What is your best Hollywood movie and why?
What's the best way to buy a used car?	What is the best way to buy a used car?
How do you unlock an iPad?	How do I unlock my iPad?
What is the most effective way to cook lobster?	What is the best way to cook lobsters?
How do I get my IQ tested?	How or where can I check my IQ level?
Are Indian nuclear scientists really being murdered? Is the government of India investigating?	Why do nuclear scientists in India keep dying? Why isn't the government or media requesting answers?
Which country is the best for tourists?	Which are the best countries to visit?
How do you think news of a Donald Trump presidency will affect the stock market or the economy?	How do you think Hillary Clinton or Donald Trump will affect the stock market if either of them becomes the president?
Which Laptop can I buy under INR 25k?	What kind of laptop is best under INR 25K?
What should I do if I am peeing blood?	What happens if you're peeing pure blood?
What is the best career option after bachelor of pharmacy?	What is a career option after pharmacy?
Why does Indian media always talks about the negative things that go on?	Why does the Indian media report only good things about some places and not others?
Which is the fastest flying bird?	What is the fastest bird?
How do you create a Yahoo email account?	How can you create a new Yahoo email account?
How can you prevent a sunburn from peeling?	How do you keep a sunburn from peeling?
Which is the reasonably good laptop under 30K INR?	Which is the best laptop to buy under 30k?
What are some examples of the four states of matter?	What are all the states of matter and what are examples of all?
How will the ban of old 500 and 1000 rs notes help in bringing out the black money?	How does banning 500 and 1000 rupee notes help to control black money?
Why are higher altitude places colder?	Why are mountains colder?
How do I update my Straight Talk phone?	How can I change Straight Talk phones?
Where can you find out what needs to be improved if your question was marked for needing revision?	Why my question is marked as needing improvements?
Which are the best movies in the world?	Which is best movie?
Now that it is virtually certain that Sanders will not win the dem. nomination why does'nt he run as an independent?	Now that it is likely that Sanders won't win the democratic nomination why does he not run as an independent and woo the undecided votes.?
What is the sea?	What is sea?
Why are Indians so obsessed about what people from other countries think about India?	Why do Indians care so much about what others think about them?
How do I deal with the changes in my best friend?	How do I deal with my changed best friend?
Will the ban on 500 & 1000 rupee notes really work against corruption?	How will demonetization of 500 and 1000 rupee notes stop corruption?
Are we going to see the next world war?	Will there be a third World War?
How do you raise self confidence?	How do I improve confidence?
Are you fond of Quora?	Do you like Quora?
Do Quora users still see questions that are marked as needing improvement?	One of my questions has been marked as needing improvement. I've tried everything and it is still marked. How can I solve this?
What is the schema of sociological imagination?	What is sociology imagination? And why is it important for people to have sociological imagination?
Why is Narendra Modi promoting Reliance Jio?	Is it morally correct for our Prime Minister Narendra Modi to appear in advertisement of Reliance Jio?
What was the best day of your life?	Can you describe the best moment or the best day in your life?
Religion: Is atheism just another religion?	Is atheism another religion?
What is the best books to prepare UGC Net Computer Science?	Which are the best books for UGC-NET computer science and applications?
What are some of the best books to learn coding?	What is the best book to learn coding as a self-study?
How do you dispel awkward silences?	How do you break awkward silence?
How can I earn from online?	How can I earn money on internet?
Can I bribe someone with an iPhone 7 to drop allegations they put against me?	Can I bribe someone with an iPhone 7 to drop allegations against me?
What time are most people asleep? I just want the time please.	What time are most people asleep?
What is your plan to help out hundred thousands of skilled non immigrants stucked in green card backlogs?	How are you going to tackle the huge backlog present in employment based green card that is affecting thousands of SKILLED immigrants from India?
What are some good ways to improve English vocabulary?	What is the best way of improving english vocabulary?
Do women find short men less attractive?	Do women find short men unattractive?
Would Donald Trump be the worst president in US history?	Do you believe Donald Trump would be the worst president in the history of the United States of America?
Do prokaryotic cells have RNA? Why or why not?	Do prokaryotic cells have RNA?
Do irregular menstrual periods or age affect female fertility?	How much does irregular periods affect pregnancy?
How is the Government of Vietnam organized?	What is Vietnam's government like?
Can I hack WhatsApp of someone?	It is possible to hack whatsapp messages?
Why does Microsoft Windows slow down over time?	What makes a computer run slow over time?
Will life get better eventually?	Does life get better with time?
How can you see if someone's lying?	How can I discover someone's lie?
What are the best medical software?	What are some of the best medical softwares?
Is Jon Snow a warg?	Can Jon Snow warg?
I love food and have a big appetite. I'm also quite busy. What tips can you give me to lose weight?	I'm overweight. How can I begin to lose weight?
What is the secret you have never share with anyone?	What is the sexual secret that you can't share with anyone but anonymously?
What's the best way to make money without money?	How do I make some money without a starting capital?
How do I force myself to stop loving him?	How can I stop loving someone?
How can I hack a Facebook account?	What is the easiest way to hack Facebook account?
What if every human being in this world becomes vegetarian?	What would happen if world suddenly went vegetarian?
What is it like to work with Big Data?	What is it like working in big data?
Which country has never been ruled or occupied by another country?	Has there been any country in the history of the world which has never been ruled by another country?
What's the purpose of life? What is life actually about?	What's the purpose of a human life?
Why did Pepper Potts leave Tony Stark in Captain America: Civil War? Why wasn’t she in the film?	Why was Pepper Potts absent from Tony Stark's MIT presentation at the beginning of Captain America: Civil War?
What are side dishes for salmon patties?	What are side dishes for salmon patties and why?
How do people living in Turkey feel about Azerbaijan people?	How Turks of Turkey people feel about Turks of Azerbaijan?
Why is watching someone give a foot massage and giving a foot massage different?	Why is giving a foot massage and watching a guy give a girl a foot massage different?
Why do people say Trump is unqualified to be President of the USA?	Why do anti-Trump people say that Trump is unqualified?
Which is the best site to learn python with certification?	Which is the best site to learn python online with certification?
How do I control being talkative?	How can I control talkativeness?
How do you search on Quora?	Is there any search or browse facility for the questions on Quora?
What are your favourite Bible passages?	What is your favourite Bible verse? Why?
How long is a business considered a "start-up" for?	How long is a business considered a startup for?
What is it like to work at CERN?	How's work in CERN like?
What are some lesser known facts about Indian culture?	What are some unknown facts about Indian culture?
Why does Quora block all my questions with "needs improvement"?	Why do I always get a notification from Quora that my questions "need improvement"?
What should I see and do as a tourist in Taiwan?	What are the best tourist attractions in Taiwan?
How do I become a hacker like in Mr. Robot?	How can I become a hacker?
Why do we keep on mainstreaming our lives?	Do we have to keep track of everything in our lives? And why?
Why UK still bothers to give away foreign aid money to India?	Should the UK stop giving aid to India?
How do I add more details to Quora like this site used to?	How can I add more details when I am submitting a question?
Why do people hate Aishwarya Rai?	Why do some Indians hate Bollywood actress Aishwarya Rai?
How to prepare for GRE verbal reasoning?	How do I prepare for verbal section in GRE?
What are the unique features 9f Rs 2000 and Rs 500 Indian Note?	What are the specialities of this new 2000 rs note?
How do I get 50000 per month salary for a civil engineering graduate in India?	How do I get 50000 per month salary for a civil engineering graduate in INDIA.?
I am afraid of death. How can I overcome it?	I am afraid of death. How can I overcome that fear?
What's civil code?	What is civil code?
What are the advantages and disadvantages of co-education in schools?	What are the advantages and disadvantages of co-education in college?
How can I invest in bitcoin?	How do I invest in Bitcoin?
Where do I write about the topics that I like?	Where do I write about the topics that I love?
What is the best online business to start?	What is a good online business to start with?
What are some ways I can lose 29 pounds in 2 months?	How can lose 29 pounds in 2 months without affecting my health?
What are some tips to study smart?	What are some tips for self study?
What PM Modi will speak on 31st December 7.30pm?	What can we expect from PM Modi on 31th December?
Why and where did the Crusades take place? What was the reason that there were several Crusades?	Why were crusades created? What purpose did they serve?
What are the isomers of ethanol?	How many isomers does ethanol have?
How do you change your whole personality?	Can you change your personality?
In the summer how would I dress like a workout guy from the year 1990?	How would I dress like a workout guru from the year 1990 in the summer?
What are the best books for a beginner to learn physics?	What is a good book for me to learn basic physics?
Is world War 3 currently happening?	Did World War 3 already start?
Is smoking weed harmful?	Does smoking weed is bad for health?
What is the correct time to take green tea for weight loss?	Will I lose weight if I drink every day 2 cups of green tea for about 2 weeks?
What are the safety precautions on handling shotguns proposed by the NRA in Alaska?	What are the safety precautions on handling shotguns proposed by the NRA in Kentucky?
How can I best spend one week in Galápagos Islands?	How do I spend a week in Galápagos Islands?
What is parenting going to be like in the future?	What are parenting trends going to look like in the future?
What is an Xpath?	What is XPath?
What are the best tips to crack the GRE with good scores?	How do I easily crack the GRE with good score?
Why are so many Quora users posting questions that are readily answered on Google?	Why do people write questions on Quora that could be answered with a quick web search?
What is your review of Sausage Party?	What is your review of Sausage Party (2016 movie)?
What is the evolutionary explanation for the existence of the hymen?	What's the evolutionary reason for the hymen?
How do I score 350+ marks in SSC CGL 2016 (Tier 2) examination?	How do I prepare for SSC CGL Tier 2 examination to get 350+ marks?
Why is my Kodak printer not detecting the ink cartridge?	My Kodak printer is not detecting the new ink cartridge. What should I do?
Does technology advancement have a limit?	What are the limits of what technology can achieve?
Why did God (or whoever created life on this planet) create only two genders?	Why did God create two genders?
How do I know if I'm an extrovert or an introvert?	How do I know whether I am an extrovert or an introvert?
What is your best movie?	What is everyone's favorite movie?
What was your biggest mistake?	What was the biggest mistake of your life?
Which is the best song of Kishore Kumar and why?	What is the best song of Kishore Kumar ?
Where can I learn to sing online?	What's the best way to learn to sing online?
How I prepare for the exam before a week?	How do l prepare for exams before 1 week?
How does a 17 year old make money without working?	What is the safest/best way for 17 year old to make money without a job?
What is the best story have you ever heard?	What is the best short story ever written?
What would be the fastest way to get rid of a cold?	How can I get rid of a cold quickly and effectively?
Where can I get: Keith McCune "The Internal Structure of Indonesian Roots"?	Where can I get: "The Internal Structure of Indonesian Roots"?
How can I hack a Facebook account?	How do we hack a Facebook account?
Why is psychology considered a humanities class?	IS psychology considered to be a humanity class?
How the way to speak english fluently?	How do I speak English like celebrities?
Why IPhone need less ram than Android devices?	Why does the iPhone need so much less RAM than Android devices?
Why can't some rich people buy a Rolls Royce?	What should be my status to buy rolls royce?
Is the Queen of the UK a good person?	What is Queen Elizabeth II like in person?
Would you rather vote for Donald Trump or Hillary Clinton? Why?	Who would you vote for this coming election: Donald Trump or Hillary Clinton?
What are some mind blowing technology that most people don't know about?	What mind blowing technologies exist in 2016 that most people don't know about?
Why are shallots different than onions?	How are shallots different from onions?
What's the best way to learn chess?	How does one learn how to play chess?
How can we fix the problem of overpopulation in the world?	Is there a way to solve the problem of overpopulation all over the world?
How can I increase website traffic?	What are the best way to increase website traffic organically?
How do know when you're in love?	How do you know if you are in love with your crush?
What is your greatest regret in life?	What is your biggest regret or mistake?
What does Balaji Vishwanathan think about 500/1000 notes banning and issuance of ₹2000 notes?	What do you think about ban on Rs. 500 and Rs. 1000 currency notes?
Why won't the United States legally change to the metric system?	Why doesn't America convert to the metric system?
Do women enjoy anal play?	Do women really enjoy anal sex?
What are career opportunities in companies after an M.Tech in production engineering with a B.Tech in mechanical engineering?	What is the best field for earning money after completing a B.Tech in mechanical engineering?
What is the best audio recorder app for iPhone?	What is the best app for voice recording for the iPod/iPhone?
What can I do with C the programming language?	What can I do with the C programming language?
Do I need to learn C & C++ before learning Java?	Is C language compulsory for learning java?
What are your views on Reliance Jio?	What's your view on Reliance Jio?
How do some people manage to stay so fit and skinny even though they don't go to the gym?	How can I stay fit without going to a gym?
How do you know you're in love again?	How do you know when you start to fall in love with someone?
How do you connect a desktop computer to a wireless network?	How do you set up wireless internet on a desktop computer?
Is the universe expanding more than the speed of light? If yes then doesn't it break the cosmic limit?	Does space expands faster than speed of light?
What can I do to get my penis to grow?	How can I make my penis thicker?
Is Hotel Shivam Residency safe for unmarried couples?	Is hotel Shivam Residency safe for unmarried couples to stay?
How can you stop your Beagle Australian Shepherd mix puppies from biting your shoes?	How do I stop my Yorkie/Corgi mix from chewing my shoes?
What should I do when someone marks my question as needing improvement?	What should I do if Quora marks my question as "Needs Improvement"?
Is there any difference between GATE and GRE?	What is the difference between the GRE and GATE?
Can we control our feelings and emotions?	How do smart and successful people control their emotions?
Is it possible to get pregnant before period or after period ends?	Can you get pregnant the day before your period starts?
Is Ruby on Rails dying?	Is Ruby on Rails fading?
Why does the universe exist? Why does mankind exist?	Why does anything exist?
Which is the best mobile under 15000rs?	What's the best mobile under 15000rs?
How does Google make its money?	How does Google earn money?
Could humans achieve immortality within the next 100 years?	Will biologically engineered immortality be probable to occur during the next 80-100 years?
How do I potty train a cat?	How do I potty train an adult cat?
How can a mosquito fly inside a moving car?	When a house fly enters a moving vehicle. does it move at the same speed of the car?
Which sport can you start at the age of 31 to be an Olympian?	Which sport can you start at the age of 26 to be a Olympian?
Why does a tv remote start working after a tight slap at its bottom?	How does a TV remote work perfectly for some time after slapping it?
How can I control my emotions and actions?	How do i control emotions at work place or public place?
1.8.0.0**2.5.1**4.9.1.9 ? (()) (( (Linksys Router Tech Support Phone Number?	( (#.! .#)) Linksys Router Tech Support Number 1 8.0.0:2.5.1:4.9.1.9 : Linksys Router Support Phone Number?
I am a literature student and have no command over English what I do?	How do I get good command over English?
Which cream will be the best for such acne?	Which cream is best for such acne?
What are some very cool animals that make really good pets that people don't normally have?	Are there any exotic animals that make good pets?
Is sex important for relationships?	Is sex is required in relationship?
Which online dating site is the best for single people?	What dating site is the best?
What is NAFTA and what was it designed to accomplish?	What is NAFTA and why was it created?
Have you ever thought about committing suicide?	Have you ever thought about suicide and why?
How can long distance relationships be successful?	How do we can remain satisfied in a long distance relationship?
How is Hillary Clinton a better choice than Donald Trump?	Is Hillary Clinton really worse than Donald Trump?
What are the good benefits of Jumping Castle?	What are the good benefits of jumping castles?
What is the difference between internship and apprenticeship?	What is the difference between an apprenticeship and an internship?
How do you spy on WhatsApp?	How do you spy on WhatsApp messages?
What do BJP supporters have to say about the recent revelations about paid news by BJP?	What do you think about the recent video exposing paid news by BJP?
How do I change my password in yahoo mail?	How do I change my Yahoo password?
Do I need to be able to draw to become a fashion designer?	Do you need to know how to draw in order to become a fashion designer?
What do you do when you forgot your iCloud password on iPhone?	How can you sign in to iCloud if you forgot your password?
What are some of the funniest books you've ever read?	What was the funniest novel which you've read?
What should be done to increase weight?	What are some ways to increase weight?
How do I ask questions on Quora?	How can I ask my question on Quora?
What should I do to join mit?	How can I join MIT?
As a student how can you be a healer?	As a student how can you become a healer?
How do I get a hack done on my wife's phone?	How do I hack my mans phone?
How important is your middle name?	What is/are your middle name(s)?
Why is Spotify nott available in India?	Daniel Ek: Why is Spotify not available in India?
What is it like being tortured?	What is it like to be tortured?
How do I look at the followers of a private instagram account?	How do I view someone's private Instagram pictures?
What is the significans and importance of power factor?	What is a power factor? How important is it?
How do I become a top student in class?	How do I become a top student?
Where can I get superior service for plastering in Boston?	Where can I get best plaster repair services in Boston?
How will black money and corruption be stopped by banning 500 and 1000 notes?	How will the India demonetization of 500 and 1000 rupees notes will reduce black money?
Why do countries have nuclear power?	Why do many countries use nuclear power?
Who is the strongest in Dragon Ball Z?	Who are the strongest Dragon Ball characters?
Would Hillary Clinton be a good president for US?	Will Hillary Clinton be a good president (No bias)?
Which project is best in electrical engineering final year?	I'm an electrical engineering student final year. What can you suggest as a topic for my major project?
What's the best thing that's ever happened to you?	How can someone be the best thing and the worst thing that has happened to you?
Is Hillary Clinton a good person?	Is Hillary Clinton a nice person when there isn't a camera around?
Why do people ask questions on Quora that could simply be googled?	Do people post questions in Quora just so that they can skip searching in Google for a few minutes?
What are the disadvantages of clay brick?	What are the advantages and disadvantages of clay brick?
How can you trace a phone call legally?	How do I trace a phone call?
What is Kabam's revenue?	What is Kabam's growth and revenue?
Can we trust angel card reading?	Do angel card readings work?
Did the surgical strikes really happen?	Did India's surgical strikes against Pakistan really happen? Or is it a lie to pacify hurt Indian sentiment and to send a message internationally?
What is "wave-particle" duality?	What is wave-particle duality?
How do know when you're in love?	How do you know if you're unconditionally in love with someone?
Why after modify Android app the open for 2 or 3 second then automatically close?	Why after modify Android app oen for 2 or 3 second then automatically close?
What is a good example which expresses true brother-sister love?	What is a good example that expresses true brother-sister love?
How could I gain weight in a healthy way?	How do I gain healthy weight without eating junk?
What is the best Bollywood movie in this year 2016?	The best of 2016: Which are the best Bollywood movies in 2016?
How do I get rid of over thinking?	I am into a habit of over thinking things. How do I get rid of it?
What is life like for an expat in Singapore?	How does an expat feel in Singapore?
What are some of the best camping tools and gadgets?	What are some of the best camping tools?
What are the best photos that have been taken by you?	What is the best picture taken by you?
How do you delete your Yahoo account permanently?	What are some ways to delete my Yahoo Mail account permanently?
Can Sharpies cause ink poisoning?	How can a Sharpie marker cause you ink poisoning?
What's your review for the movie Ae Dil Hai Mushkil?	How is the review of "ae dil hai mushkil" Bollywood movie?
How do I restart a browser?	What is the best way to restart your web browser?
Will the humanity become extinct?	When do you think humanity will become extinct?
Is it physically possible to travel back in time?	Is time travel possible in next 5 years?
What is the Phillips curve?	What is Phillip's Curve?
How do I set a goal?	How do I set my goal in life?
What will you do when you are in an ethical dilemma?	How do you approach an ethical dilemma?
How can I be a better person and improve my questions on Quora?	What are the 3 best things you would recommend to improve your questions on Quora?
How can I beat procrastination?	How do you avoid procrastination?
I completed civil engineering and I am interested in doing an MS. Which country is the best choice for me?	Which are the Best countries for Civil engineering job opportunities?
What's the funniest fiction book you've ever read?	What are the funniest books that you have read?
What pushes people to suicide?	When and why do people commit suicide?
Which are the best books for iit jam mathematics?	What are the best books for preparation of IIT JAM mathematics?
How can the traffic problem be solved in Mumbai?	What is the solution of traffic problems in Mumbai?
Why do we like to label people?	Why do people love to label others?
How should i prepare for (C-DAC) C-CAT entrance exam?	How do I prepare for the C-DAC course not a C-CAT entrance exam?
How do I lose weight from 70 to 50?	How do I lose my weight from 58 to 50 kgs?
How can I lead a peaceful life?	How can I be peaceful in life?
Why did you convert to islam?	Why have you accepted Islam?
Is the Samsung Galaxy S7 a better upgrade over the iPhone 6S?	Should I buy the IPhone 6s or Samsung Galaxy s7?
Why are so many people obsessed with the flat Earth theory?	Why do people say the earth is flat when we have seen photos of the earth (which is round)?
Why am I addicted to Quora? Is it a healthy habit?	Why am I so addicted to Quora?
How does Apex Vitality Booty Pop work to enhance Butt?	Does Apex Vitality Booty Pop Works?
What is genetic modification? What is it used for?	What is genetic modification?
Which is the best book to learn programming for beginners and why?	Which is best book to learn programming?
How do I know my partner is cheating on me?	How will you know if your partner was or still cheating on you?
Which home loan is best?	Which home loan is the best?
What's the best programming language to learn in 2016?	What is the best programming language for a beginner?
Whose pizza is better - Domino's or Pizza Hut?	Which chain offers the most delicious pizzas: Domino's or Pizza Hut?
How much has India contributed to mathematics?	How much has India contributed in the field of science?
What will happen to the old 500 and 1000 notes in the banks after the decision by Mr Modi?	What is going to happen to the old denominations of 500 and 1000?
Do you believe that there's an afterlife?	Do you believe in afterlife?
How do you send a private message to someone you're following on Quora?	Can someone show me how I can send someone on Quora a private message?
How can you speak and learn fluent English like Karan Johar?	How do I speak English fluently at an interview?
Who are the top 10 business astrologers in India?	Who are the world famous business astrologer in india?
How can I overcome boredom?	How can I escape boredom?
How can I know that I am an introvert?	How do I know if I am an introvert or an extrovert?
How do I choose a discount broker in India?	How should one choose a discount brokers?
Why does gst bill is important?	What is the use of GST bill?
How do I reduce belly fat that I had since young?	Whats the best way to reduce belly fat?
Who are some of the best Bollywood actresses?	Which is the best actress in Bollywood?
What would you do if you fall in love with your best friends?	What do you do when you are falling in love with your best friend?
What are the best ways to stay relaxed under pressure?	How do I slow my heart rate and relax under pressure?
How are the Russian and English alphabets alike?	How are the Russian and English alphabets different from each other?
Is there anyway to spy on my girlfriend’s text messages on her phone?	How do I read text messages on my girlfriends phone without her knowing?
What are the best companies for a civil engineer?	What are the best companies to get if you are a civil engineer?
Why does Quora not let me delete a question once it's been answered?	Why does Quora not let me delete a question related to my personal situation after I have received a satisfactory answer?
Any ideas on what to do if I'm bored?	What do people do when they are really bored?
What will be the pros and cons of the replacement of 500 and 1000 currency notes by the Indian govt.?	What are the pros and cons of banning 500 and 1000 rupee notes in India?
What do professors and students think about the Make School?	What do professors and students think about the Make School and it's reputation?
What is currency exchange?	What is a currency exchange?
How safe it is for a dog to eat corn on the cob?	Is it safe for dogs to eat corn?
Why would one choose Ubuntu over Windows?	Why one should use Ubuntu over Windows for web development?
Where can rent PS4 game in Bengaluru?	Where can I rent PS4 games in Bangalore?
How did you meet your life partner?	How or where did you meet your spouse/partner?
Why did Chevy Chase leave Saturday Night Live?	Why wasn't Chevy Chase happy on Saturday Night Live?
Is a world war going to happen?	Are we heading towards World War III?
How do I book a tatkal ticket for sure?	How can one book a tatkal ticket?
What are some of your favorite books?	Which is your favorite book?
Why is yawning considered to be contagious?	Is there an explanation to why yawning is infectious?
Why was Trump elected President?	How did Donald Trump got elected when there are so many people against him?
What are the best options for hair loss?	What should I do for my excessive hair loss?
How do I recover my gmail accounts?	How do I recover my Gmail account?
Who is the most beautiful woman in the world?	Who are some of most beautiful women in the world?
How can I overcome absence of mind?	How do I overcome absence of mind?
How is the formula for acid rain determined?	How is the equation for the formation of acid rain determined?
How can a chemical engineer help in banking sector?	What is the use of chemical engineering in banking whatsoever?
What do most people not know about airplanes?	What are some facts most people don't know about airplanes?
Which book will be more prefer to study quantum mechanics?	What is the best book on Quantum Mechanics?
Is there a war coming?	How soon is world war III?
What are the most effective ways to promote blogs?	What are some of the best ways to promote your blog?
Which Varanasi best hotel is comfortable for staying with family?	What are some best hotels in Varanasi India?
What are best business plan to invest?	What are some best business ideas with minimum investment?
Will the economy of India collapse due to the banning of ₹500 and ₹1000 notes?	What are benefits of change in ₹500 ₹1000 notes?
What does Quora use to suggest topics for new questions?	How does Quora decide the topics of a question?
Is there any way to remove dried paint from tile grout?	What is the best way to remove paint from grout?
How can I make lean muscle body?	How can I get stiff and lean body?
How can I read very fast?	How we can improve to read rapidly?
How do I convince investors for my startup idea?	How can I invite investors to invest money for my idea?
When does Apple plan to release an updated MacBook Pro?	When is Apple going to update their MacBook Pro?
Who cashes Western Union money orders?	Where can you cash a Western Union money order?
What are the different levels of college degrees and how do they differ?	What are the different levels of college degrees?
What should I do to improve my questions on Quora?	How can I be a better person and improve my questions on Quora?
How do I lock away violent schizophrenic son?	How do I lock up my schizophrenic son?
What are some of your embarrassing moments?	What was the most embarrassing moment of yours?
What are some examples of relativism?	What is relativism? What are some examples?
Why do people ask question on Quora that can be easily and definitively answered by Googling?	Why do so many people post questions on Quora that could be easily and thoroughly answered by simply typing the question into any search engine?
Are there any lies told about hitler?	What lies have been told about Hitler that are believed by most people as a reality?
How do you know if you are in love with someone?	How do you know if you're in love?
What is the function of the monarchy in the United Kingdom?	What is the monarchy in the United Kingdom?
Why is the sociology of education important to a teacher?	How is sociology of education helpful to a teacher?
What are all the coding languages I should learn if I want to become a game programmer? What should I do if I am totally new to programming?	What programming languages should I learn for game development?
What is the most frightening moment you have ever experienced?	What is the scariest moment you have ever experienced?
How can Donald Trump win the election to become POTUS?	Does Donald Trump has chamces to win US elections?
How many shopping malls in US with over 50 retailers?	How many malls are there in the US with over 50 retailers?
What is your favorite Martial Art and why?	What's your favorite Martial Art?
What is California's Proposition 13?	What is California's Proposition 30 about?
Why are there so many stupid question on Quora?	How come there are so many stupid questions on Quora?
How were hash browns invented? Who was behind the invention?	Where and how were hash browns invented?
What is the best way to save my marriage?	How can I save my marriage?
What is the "Mysterious Bermuda Triangle"?	Where is the Bermuda Triangle located?
How can I recover photos after factory resetting my Android Galaxy S3?	How do I recover photos on Android after factory reset?
How can I tell if a girl likes me?	What is the easiest way to tell if a girl likes you?
What are the best and most addicting Android games?	What are the best addictive Android Games?
Are we near World War 3?	How soon is world war III?
Where can I find the total number of tweets for a specific hashtag?	Is there a website that can count the number of tweets for a specific hashtag?
What does it feel like to have a father?	What is it like to have a father?
What is Computational Fluid Dynamics (CFD)?	What is computational fluid dynamics?
From where shall I start to learn hacking?	I want to learn hacking from where should I start?
How do you add something to your bio on Quora?	How do you add something new to your bio on Quora?
I masturbate. Is that ok?	Is masturbating ok?
Do distance relationships work? How can you make it work?	Does long distance relationship work?
Which is the fastest bird in the world?	Which is fastest bird in the world?
How do I take a computer screenshot on my HP laptop?	How can I take a screenshot in Windows 7?
How do I beat laziness?	How can I beat laziness?
What is the function of a stigma in a plant?	How do stigmas function in plants?
What are the major differences between teaching a mother tongue and teaching the English language?	What is the difference between teaching a mother tongue and the English language?
How can I grow taller fast?	What are the tips to grow taller?
How do I make a suicide seem like an accident?	I just want to die. How can I make it look like an accident?
What book should you read before you die?	Which books should be read before you die?
What is it like to live in Finland?	What is it like living in Finland?
How to tame a wild Siberian Husky?	How do I tame a Siberian Husky?
How do I start a handicraft business online?	How do I start a handicrafts business online?
What are some top mobile ad-networks in India?	Which are the top ad networks (desktop/ mobile) in india?
What is most embrassing moment of your life?	Which one is the most embarrassing moment of your lift?
Who are the most intelligent people to follow on Quora?	Which are some of the most viewed writers I should follow from every topic on Quora?
Is depression curable? Why or why not?	Is dimentia curable?
What are the most useful programming languages?	What are the most useful computer programming/coding languages today and why?
Which is the best institute for .NET online training?	What is the best institute for .NET online training?
What should I do to get more traffic on my blog?	How do I get more traffic to my site?
Will India ever get rid of the reservation system from all the sectors be it education or jobs?	Will we ever get "Azaadi" from cast based Reservation?
Do people who have never heard of Christianity go to heaven?	What happens to people who are never introduced to Christianity? Will they also go to hell?
Why is India failing so miserably in the 2016 Rio Olympics?	Why is India performing poorly in the 2016 Rio Olympics?
What should I do? How can I be happy?	How do I stay peaceful and happy?
How do you add topics upon asking a question on Quora?	How do I add a topic in Quora?
Which are the best field in engineering?	What is the best field of engineering?
What are some questions that I may be asked in a Google interview?	What are the questions that are asked in google interviews?
Who is the greatest actor in Bollywood?	Who is Bollywood's greatest actor?
How will the ban on Rs. 1000 and Rs. 500 notes impact Indian economy?	What will be the effects of demonetisation of 500 and 1000 notes on the Indian economy?
What would happen to an astronaut who took their helmet off in space for a few seconds?	What would happen if an astronaut took off his helmet in open space? And what if he would be able to put it back on after a minute or two?
How do I use the Greenify app?	How do I use greenify?
What are some examples of structural protein?	What are structural proteins and what are some examples of them?
What has Hillary Clinton actually accomplished in her political career?	What has Hillary Clinton truly accomplished in politics that has benefitted US citizens?
How do I find an open source project to take part in?	How do I find open source projects?
What is your all-time favorite song?	What is your all time favorite song?
Where can I buy very incredible and most amazing cupcakes in Gold Coast?	Where can I find the best quality cupcakes in Gold Coast?
Which is the best university for construction management?	What are the best universities for construction management?
How is EEE in IIIT Bhubaneshwar?	How is the placement for EEE in IIIT bhubaneswar?
What impact is the candidacy of Donald Trump having on the United States' international image?	How long will it take the United States to live down the candidacy of Donald Trump?
What is the secret of keeping a successful long distance relationship?	Does a long distance relationship really work?
How can I promote my YouTube channel?	How do I advertise my YouTube channel?
What is the best way to make money make more money?	How I can make money fast?
How do I make whipped cream?	How can I make Whipped cream at home?
What do you think about the ban on 500 and 1000 denomination notes in India?	What are your views on the ban of Rs 500 and Rs 1000 notes by the Indian Government? Pros cons?
How do we deal with depression?	How can I beat depression?
How do people earn billions from home using simple Uber app hack?	How are people earning billions from home by simple Uber app hack?
What is the quickest way a person can learn to speak a new language fluently?	How can I learn any new language quickly?
What do you mean by sensitive person? Please exemplify with real life example	What do you mean by a sensitive person?
How can I make money online for job?	What are the easiest ways to make good money using the Internet?
What do people do on Facebook?	What do most people do on Facebook?
What are some examples of act utilitarianism?	What are some examples of the act utilitarianism?
How would you quickly learn a language?	What is the best method to learn new language?
What are best designed cars?	Which is the best designed car?
Is MSG bad for your health?	Is MSG as bad as usually claimed?
What was the reaction of people in offices holding black money after the ban of Rs. 500/Rs. 1000 notes?	What will black money owners do after the banning of 500 and 1000 rupee notes?
Why is Manaphy Depressed in the movie?	Is Manaphy considered an anxious Pokémon in the movie?
What was the most embarassing moment because of your clothes?	What is the most awkward moment that happened to you due to your clothes?
Which is the best spiritual book and why?	What are the best spiritual books in the world?
How can you unlock a Compaq laptop?	How do you unlock a Compaq laptop?
How can you become popular on Twitter?	What is the best way to be popular on Twitter?
My questions haven't changed. Why are they now being marked as needing improvement?	Why are some of my questions being marked as "Needs Improvement" no matter what I do to improve it?
How should I control my emotion?	How can I control my bad feelings and emotions?
What are the best arguments against libertarianism?	Could you lay down the best arguments against Libertarianism?
Which is the best bass in earphone under 1000?	Which is the best earphone with deep bass under 1000?
What does it feel like to date a gold digger?	What is it like dating a gold digger?
Will humans ever be able to land on Sun?	Would it ever be possible to land on the sun?
Is there a possibility of World War III happening in the next 10 years?	Is World War 3 coming?
How can I motivate myself to keep hitting the gym no matter what the distractions are?	How do I motivate myself to go to the gym regularly?
If sweat doesn't come does it helps to reduce weight loss?	How does sweating contribute to weight loss?
What are the best books for gate in chemical engineering?	What are the reference books to prepare for GATE chemical engineering? What are some tips?
How can the politics be study?	How can politics be studied?
What are some tips for plucking eyebrows?	How should I pluck my eyebrows?
How can I feel myself more confident?	How can I become confident?
What is the worst thing you did in a relationship?	What is the worst thing one can do in a relationship?
What's considered the most dangerous stunt ever committed to a movie or TV series?	What's the most dangerous stunt ever done for a movie?
What's the scariest insect/arachnid you've ever seen?	What is the scariest insect you have ever seen?
What makes a good mother?	What is a good mother like?
How do I prepare for CAT 2016?	How should one prepare for CAT 2016?
Is Indian media biased?	Do you think Indian media is biased?
Am not starting big? How can I make $1000 per month online?	How do I really make money online?
Is there any evidence which proves that ghosts really exists?	Is there any solid evidence that ghosts exist?
Which is the best mobile below 15000?	Which mobile phone is the best under 15k?
What are the east way to hack whatsapp?	Is it possible to hack WhatsApp?
Why is my period 11 days late and how probable is it that I'm pregnant?	Am 4 days late of my period date.Am I pregnent?
What are some examples of common sense or presence of mind?	What is the example of Presence of Mind?
What is the day routine of district magistrate?	What is a typical day in the life of a district collector/DM (district magistrate)?
What kinds of thing can young people learn from old people?	How do children learn from us?
What is the best figure size of women?	What is the best body figure of women?
Does doctors marry a non doctor girl?	Do doctors marry a non medico girl?
Who provide best pest control service in Sydney?	Where you can find Pest control service in Sydney?
Is there a gender pay gap? If so why?	Is the gender pay gap a myth?
Why does eye color change with age?	Why do some people's eye colors change with their age?
What do push-pull factors mean? What are some examples?	What do push-pull factors mean?
Are iPhones seriously worth the price?	Is the iPhone really worth its price?
Where can I get good children story books in Australia?	Where can I get best kids story books In Australia?
What about Quora should be changed?	What on Quora should be changed/added/removed?
What are the best low capital startup business ideas in India?	What are some good business ideas to start with a very low capital in India?
Who was the 25th President of the United States?	Who was the 25th president?
Why do we have middle names?	Why do people have middle names?
What can I do right now to help the people of Aleppo?	What can we do for the people of Aleppo?
Can you still get pregnant one day before menstruation?	Can you get pregnant 2 days before your period has ended?
How do I go about getting a sugar daddy?	How can you find a sugar daddy?
What useful English idiom can I learn for my daily communication?	What are some useful English idioms?
What is the best method to learn new language?	What are the best ways to learn a foreign language by myself?
How can I earn money from Facebook (not illegally)?	How can I earn money from Facebook?
What programs have been written using c#?	What are some known programs written in C#?
Where can I found fire-resistant roller shutters in Sydney?	Where can I get best quality fire-resistant roller shutters in Sydney?
Can I do a MA if I have a BSc?	Can I do Ma after Bsc?
Will the USA go to war with Russia?	What is the likelihood of war with Russia?
What was the biggest mistake of your life?	What is your worst regret in life?
Are there any British curriculum schools in Canada?	Are British schools present in Canada? (GCSE curriculum)?
Do narcissists men treat all women the same?	Do narcissistic men treat all women the same?
Are floppy disks still used today?	Are floppy disks still useful?
How normal is it to have a period that lasts for two weeks or more?	How is it normal to have a period for two weeks?
Can Vitamin C pills cause a miscarriage?	How can Vitamin C cause a miscarriage?
How do I calculate stiffness of air spring?	How do you calculate stiffness of air spring?
How is it like to be a pornstar?	What's it like to be a pornstar?
Why do people like watching vlogs?	Why do people enjoy watching vlogs?
When was the last time you made love?	When was the last time you made love with someone?
What you have learned from life so far?	What have you learned from your life?
Can we take loan on already mortgaged flat?	Can we take loan on already mortgaged flat for business?
What is the best way to study medicine?	What's the best way of studying (medicine)?
What might be the effect of banning currency notes of 500 and 1000 on economy?	What is the negative impact of demonetisation of 500 and 1000 Rupee notes on the Indian economy?
What powers does the Indian Prime Minister have?	Compare the powers of President and Prime Minister of India?
How do I stop feeling inferior and sad about myself?	How do I stop feeling inferior to everyone?
Is wwe fake?	Is fighting in wwe real or fake?
What are the different types of contracts?	What is the types of contract?
What are the differences between Android and iOS?	What are the differences between Android and iOS? What are their similarities?
Do you still believe Donald Trump can win (August 2016)? Why?	Do you believe Donald Trump stands any chance of winning the election?
What is the difference between BSc and a BTech in computer science?	What is the difference between bsc computer science and btech computer science?
What is that one experience which you think defines you?	What one experience defined the person you are today?
Why are people on Quora so obsessed with people's high IQs?	Why are people on Quora obsessed with their IQ?
What should I know for my first international travel?	What should I know about international travel?
If God is all powerful can he make a rock so heavy even he cannot lift it?	Can god make a rock so heavy that he couldn’t lift it?
Is there an app to hack WiFi passwords?	Which apps are available to hack wifi password?
What is the best way to deal with an Internet troll?	How can we deal with the Internet trolls ones and forever?
How do I forget a girl whom I love the Most?	How do I forget the girl I am in love with?
Why can't women show nipples?	Why do women in most parts of the world cover their nipples?
How can I control my bad feelings and emotions?	How do smart and successful people control their emotions?
How can I get rid of thinking of suicide?	How do I get rid of the feeling of suicide?
What are some good tips for asking questions on Quora?	Add questions on quora?
How can I do self study effectively?	What are some tricks to study effectively?
How long does it take to get pregnant after sex during ovulation?	How many days does it take before a woman becomes pregnant after sex?
Why do you volunteer?	Why should you volunteer?
Do parents look through their teenager’s phones?	Is it okay for parents to look through their child's phone?
Which are the best smartphone security apps?	What are the best security apps for smartphone?
How can I become the perfect human being?	How do I become a perfect person?
Can you be an atheist but believe in ghosts?	Is it justified for an atheist to believe in ghosts?
How imminent is world war III?	Is World War III coming?
Is it possible to get pregnant before period or after period ends?	Can I get pregnant two days after my period ends?
What are some good topics for computer networking?	What are the best topics in computer networks?
How can I interpret my own dreams?	How do you interpret your dreams?
Do you believe in mind over matter?	Do you believe in mind over matter or in reverse?
Why does ISIS never 'disturb' Israel?	Why are there no ISIS attacks on Israel?
How is "taciturn" used in a sentence?	How can "taciturn" be used in a sentence?
How can you see if someone's lying?	How can I find that someone is lying?
What's the best solution to the kashmir issue?	What is the solution of Kashmir conflict?
What is the best food to eat while bulking in the gym?	What are the best foods to eat while bulking?
How I can enhance my English language?	How do I speak English fluently?
Why do we have seasons?	What causes the seasons?
How do I make a mobile application for myself?	Can I make a mobile application just for myself?
How can I attain a photographic memory?	How do I learn photographic memory?
What computer setup does Google offer to its software engineers?	What monitor setup do Google software engineers commonly use at work?
Who is the best soccer player in history?	Who is the best soccer player?
Why do some people on QUORA ask questions that they can easily findout on Google?	Why do so many people ask google-able questions on Quora?
What should I do to get over a break up?	How did you get over a break up?
What are the reader's views on Harry Potter and The Cursed Child?	What's your review on harry potter and the cursed child?
How many students enroll for studying in Resonance Kota in engineering division classroom program on an average every year?	How many students on average enroll every year at Resonance Kota in the engineering division classroom program?
What is the biggest misconception about India?	What are the biggest misconceptions that Indians have about India?
How can I become strong mentally?	How can I become mentally stronger?
How do I find a stock market mentor?	How do I find a mentor for stock market?
What are the easy ways to earn money online?	What is an easy way make money online?
Does depression make you dumb?	Can having depression make you dumb?
How is zero gravity atmosphere for astronauts is created on earth?	How is zero gravity created on earth?
180*0::2.5.1::4.9*1.9 ^! |! Avg Antivirus Tech Support Customer care Service Number?	Avg antivirus 1800</v\>251<’-‘>4919 Avg tech support phone number 24x7?
How does Paytm earn a profit?	How does paytm earn profits?
Replacing 500 and 1000 notes- how will this move reduce black money?	How will the ban on 500 and 1000 rupee note stop black money?
How can I help someone with anxiety and social disorders?	How do I deal with social anxiety disorder?
What were your experiences when you were roll no. 1?	What were your experiences when you had roll no. 1?
How can you disprove Christianity?	How could you disprove Christianity?
What is the deadliest insect on the planet?	What is the most deadliest insect in the world?
Should animals be kept in zoos? What are your views on zoos? Why?	Animals should be kept in zoo or not?
How do I stop letting my emotions control me?	How can I control my emotions and actions?
Why some people commit suicide?	Why do people commit suicide?
Why does Hillary keep trying to murder Assange?	Did Hillary Clinton suggest a drone strike to murder Julian Assange?
Which is the best month to visit Japan?	When is the best time of year to visit Japan?
How do you move on after a break up?	How do I get over my first break up?
What are the movies one should see?	What are the greatest movies I have to see?
What's wrong with Indian education industry and what are the experienced and expected negative fall outs?	What is wrong with Indian Education System?
Which financial institutions provide bills acceptence?	Which financial institutions provide acceptence?
Is it possible to get back lost hair?	How do I get back my fallen hairs?
How can we earn some money in online?	What are some best ways to earn money online?
What are your favorite books?	What is your favorite book of al time?
What is the different between HTTP and HTTPS?	What is the difference between HTTP and HTTPS?
How and when is the world going to end?	How will the world truly end?
Is there any eligibility criteria for buying a Rolls Royce or is it that anyone with money can buy one?	What is the criteria to buy a Rolls-Royce?
Why hasn't Chris Christie been indicted?	Is Chris Christie under indictment for anything?
Where can I search for best five star hotel in Bhopal?	Where can I find a best five star hotel in Bhopal?
What are civil laws and what are some examples?	What are the civil law examples?
Which are the best coaching centres for Civil Services in Delhi?	What are the best coaching institute for civil services in Delhi?
Do you think Mark Zuckerberg will run the US presidential election of 2020?	Will Mark Zuckerberg run for president — in 2020 or another time?
How can I get in contact with Richard Muller?	How can I contact Richard Muller?
Is there any way that I can make my own unbiased wikipedia profile?	Is it inappropriate to create your own Wikipedia page?
What is the mystery behind Lal Bahadur Shashtri's death?	Is congress killed Lal Bahadur shatri?
Are writers on Quora mostly lonely or have no job (unemployed)?	Is Quora full of lonely and unemployed people?
What do people mean by "real job"?	What is a "real job"?
What are some reasonable and logical reasons to vote for Donald Trump?	What are valid rational reasons for voting for Donald Trump?
Why can't India ban the import of Chinese products in India?	Why can't we ban importing China products instead of saying don't use it for sake of development?
What are the top distance learning universities or institutes in India?	What are the best distance-learning universities in India?
How can we keep everyone in our family happy?	How can I keep my family happy?
I'm 13 and want to learn to code. How should I go about this?	How can I learn about software coding?
Which is the best online sights for learning storage area networking?	What are the best online sights to learn storage area networking?
Which phone do you use?	What mobile phone are you using?
Will htc desire 626g plus will get a lollipop update?	Is there any update about lollipop version for htc 626g plus?
How do I get admitted to non-competitive colleges?	How do I get admitted to a non competitive college?
Why didn't Rome explore Africa?	Why didn't Rome invade the African interior?
What is the purpose of your life?	Wanna ask someone please. What is life? And what is the purpose of our life?
How can I start preparing for neet 2017?	How do I prepare for NEET 2017?
Can the passport application be cancelled online?	How do I cancel passport online?
How do I get my iCloud password?	Where can I find my lost iCloud password?
What is the best answer to the question " why MBA?" in an IIM interview?	What was your answer to "why MBA?" during the IIM interview?
What are your ultimate life goals?	What can be the ultimate goal of our life and why?
How do I grow taller in a hurry?	What are the tips to grow taller?
Why do people ask questions on Quora instead of Googling it?	Why do people use Quora when we already have google?
How do I crack the CA final exam?	What is the best way to prepare for CA final group1 papers?
How can I teach myself calculus?	What is the best way to teach yourself calculus?
What kind of things would change if the Earth spun on its side like Uranus?	What would happen to everything on earth if the earth started rotating on its side like Uranus?
What motivates you to study and why?	What motivates you to study?
How does someone get a lot of upvotes to an answer on Quora?	How can I get more upvotes on my Quora answers?
When can you be considered as an intellectual?	What must someone do to be considered by everyone as an intellectual?
How do I apply for PAN Card?	How can I apply for pan card and what are the documents we need to apply?
Which programming languages are most fun to use and why?	Which programming languages are most "fun" to use and why?
Is it legal to download movies from extra torrents.cc?	Is downloading free movies from torrents is legal?
How can I improve my communication skills in english?	How can I improve fluency in English?
Are we born good or evil?	Is man inherently good or evil?
Which philosophical books would you consider to be the best (or among the best)?	Which are some of the best philosophical books?
Why most of the people in India don't pay income tax?	How many people pay income tax in India?
Are the freudian ego and the Buddhism ego different from each other?	What is the difference between freudian ego and buddhism ego?
What is the purpose of our existence? I mean why do we exist?	What do you think is the purpose of our existence?
Which is the best coaching institute for CA-IPCC in Delhi?	Which is the best crash course coaching institute for CA-CPT in delhi?
Is there a way to see who viewed my Instagram page?	Can someone see if you have viewed public Instagram?
What will be the effect in Stock market after the Indian Government's decision to demonitize 500 and 1000 rupee notes?	What will be effect on stock exchange of India after ban on 500 and 1000 note?
What are the bitter truths for going to Germany for MS as an Indian student?	What are the bitter truths of going to Germany for MS as an Indian?
What would be the first thing you would do if you were made the president of USA?	What is the first thing you would do as president?
Is Quora better than Google for answers?	How is Quora better than Google?
What are some mind-blowing futuristic gadgets that exist that most people don't know about?	What are some mind-blowing technologies that exist that most people don't know about?
What is website that mechanical engineering students should visit?	What are the websites a Mechanical Engineer student should visit?
How can I prevent cavities?	How do I prevent teeth cavity?
What do you think about Chinese university students?	What do you think of the student in Chinese universities?
Why did the Indian government ban Rs. 500 and Rs. 1000 currency?	Why did the Indian government develop a 1000 rupee note but developed 2000 rupee note?
Which books are best for learning C Language?	Which are the best books to learn C?
Is Illuminati thing real?	Does Illuminati exist?
What is best way to start learning programming?	What is the best way to learn to code? And the best language to learn?
What is "program management" at Microsoft?	What does a program manager do at Microsoft?
Why Spotify is not available in India?	Is Spotify available in India?
What is the difference between a militant and a terrorist?	What is the difference between Terrorism and Militancy?
What are some of the best whiskey mixers?	What are some great Whiskey mixers?
Which is the best way to earn money without working hard give examples?	What are some easy ways to earn money Without doing any hard work?
Who among the famous people in India have a verified profile on Quora?	What are the verified profiles of known people from India on Quora?
Who is the cruelest person in history?	Who is the cruelest person through-out history?
What is the best way to build a credit score?	How do I start to clean up my credit score?
How can I learn math?	How do I learn maths properly?
How do you leave the man you are madly in love with?	How do you leave the man you love?
What is the borderline personality disorder and what causes it?	What causes borderline personality disorder?
How do you make homemade nail polish?	How do you make a nail polish?
How many men have walked on the moon?	How many people have walked on the moon?
What are your views on ban of 500 and 1000 rupee notes in India?	What are your views on demonetization of ₹500 & ₹1000 notes in India?
Why do we feel sad sometimes without any reason?	Why do I suddenly feel so sad without any reason?
Is buying and sellings stocks some sort of gambling?	Is trading stocks gambling?
What are the best earphones under 1000Rs?	Which is the best earphone under 1000 INR?
What is the best coaching institute for IIT preparation in Kota?	Which is the best institute for IIT JEE prep in Kota?
Why does China support Pakistani terrorism?	Why does China support Pakistan?
Which is the best course for digital marketing?	Which are the courses on Coursera or other MOOCs to study digital marketing?
What is the story of the Nobel Prize?	What is the story behind the Nobel prize?
What is cos(z)=? Where z is complex number.	What is cos(z) =? Where z is complex number?
How can I perform telekinesis?	What is telekinesis? How is telekinesis performed?
Do chiropractors really work?	Do chiropractors really help people who have chronic pain?
What is your resolution for this year 2017?	What is your New Year's resolution for 2017?
How will Carrie Fisher's death affect the making of the Star Wars movies?	What will happen to the next Star Wars movies after Carrie Fisher's death?
What is big data? What is it used for?	What's big data?
Is there any better feeling than love?	Is there any greater feeling than love?
Why has Flipkart discontinued the social sign in?	Why is Flipkart disabling social login via Facebook and Google+?
Do people still believe in Greek gods?	Do people still believe in the Greek gods?
Has anyone seen a genuine UFO? What was it like?	Have you ever seen a UFO?
What are some online poetry competitions?	Are there any genuine online poetry competition coming up in India?
What are the books recommended for GATE in metallurgy?	Which books should I read for gate metallurgy exams?
Is all that glitters gold?	Is all that glitter is gold?
Does masterbating daily causes any problem?	Does mastubating daily causes problem?
How do I earn money in garments online?	What is the best way to earn money in garments business online?
Why do I get early white hair at the age of 17?	What are the reasons of getting white hair in early ages and how to cure it?
What are the biggest obstacles to becoming a successful real estate agent?	How do I become a successful real estate agent?
What are the best places to live in the United States?	What are the best places to live in the USA?
Is it true that every Rs. 2000 currency note is embedded with a *NGC (Nano GPS Chip). And what if this is true?	Will Rs. 2000 currency note really come with A GPS chip? Or it is just a rumor?
What is the best time to visit Kerala and what are the places to visit in a span of 8 days?	What are some good places to visit in Kerala on tour?
What are the most useful inventions made recently?	What are some of the most useful inventions made recently?
What is the evidence of purported surgical strikes by India on Pakistan?	Has India ever held a surgical strike?
What are some mind-blowing facts about physics?	What are some mind blowing facts in Physics?
How is life of "body part model" in India?	How is life of "body part models" in India?
What should be done to avoid watching porn?	How do I stop addiction to porn?
Where Can My Business Capital injection Come From?	Where Can My Small Business Capital Injection Come From?
What is the best way to get placed in Google?	How do I get placed in Google?
Will Hillary Clinton lead America to a war with Russia?	Why would Hillary Clinton start a war with Russia?
What are we doing here on Earth?	For what purpose we are here in this world?
How can you learn to memorize things quickly?	How do I memorize faster?
What are the movies on world history?	Is there some movies on world history?
How do I know if some one is performing black magic on me?	How do you know if someone is doing black magic on you?
Is law school worth it?	Is a law degree worth it?
Where can I get my Apple iPad screen repaired?	How do I repair a broken Apple iPad screen?
What is the metallic disk inside a hard drive?	What is the metallic disk inside a hard drive? What is its function?
What happen when we die?	What happens to us when we die?
What is the best place to get a certification in Agile Project Management in Toronto?	Which is the best place to get a certification in Agile project management in Toronto?
Whàt is the dark web?	What is dark web? What happens there?
Which are good CADD centers in Chennai?	Which are the some of the good CADD centers in Chennai?
Will regular masturbation eventually make you sterile and have a lower sperm count?	Will masturbating reduce sperm count?
Who would likely win in a battle between a Silverback gorilla or a lion?	Who would win between a lion and a gorilla?
Can you see who visited your Instagram last?	Is there a way to see who viewed my Instagram page?
How do I proceed in the web application development?	How do I start web application development?
How do I reduce my anger?	How do I control my emotions and anger?
How much money do I need to hire Nicki Minaj to perform at my daughter's birthday?	How much money do I need to hire Nicki Minaj to perform at my daughter's birthday? Do you think it will be worth it (she's a fan)?
Which are the best colleges or universities for automobile engineering in India?	Which is the best college for automobile engineering in India?
How do I make money starting a blog?	How can I earn money by writing a blog?
How can one apply for an SSB?	How do I apply for an SSB?
What programming language do I have to learn in order to start coding an app like Instagram or WhatsApp?	What programming language(s) should I learn to build a prototype of an app like Instagram?
Can insomnia be caused by an auto immune disease?	Can an auto immune disease cause insomnia?
How can I see who visited my Twitter profile?	Is there a way to see who visits your Twitter profile?
Why Indians love Quora?	Why are there a lot of Indians on Quora?
How can I take my spoken English to a higher level when I speak good enough but not fluently?	How can I learn to speak English fluently?
How do you tie your shoes?	What are some ways to lace your shoes?
What were the underlying causes of WW1?	What was the cause of WW1?
What are the embarrassing moment of your life?	Which one is the most embarrassing moment of your lift?
How can you stop falling in love?	How do you stop falling in love with someone?
Which is the best interactive online place to learn python?	Which is the best site to learn python online?
How can I learn more programming?	Where should I start to learn programming?
What is the atomic mass of the element? How is it measured?	What is the atomic mass of an element? How do I find it?
Who were your favourite high school teachers and why?	Who was your favourite high school teacher and why?
What is a hadith in Islam?	What is Hadith in Islam?
How do I appeal a Quora Moderation decision?	How do Quora admins make decisions about edit-blocks and bans? How does someone appeal this decision?
Which is the best free antivirus for my laptop? Why makes it the best?	Which is the best free antivirus for my laptop?
What is the best way to make more money?	What is the best way make extra money?
What are the care instructions for raw denim?	How do I care for raw denim?
When will India be a developed country?	How long will India take to be a developed country?
How can you lose 40 pounds in 30 days?	Is it safe to lose 40 pounds in 2 weeks?
How does GST Bill will work?	How does GST works?
How can I find the rank of a matrix?	What are some tricks to find the rank of a matrix?
What is the best answer for why should we hire you?	Why do I hire you?
What are the most common lies told by spouses?	What are the most common lies told by husbands?
Daniel Ek: Why hasn't Spotify come to India yet? When is it launching in India?	Daniel Ek: What are the hardships for Spotify to be launched in India?
I am planning to study at Seneca Markham campus. What are the housing costs and options there?	I'm planning to study at Seneca Markham campus. What are the housing costs and options there?
What is the speed of rotation of earth?	What is the speed of rotation of the earth?
How can we know that the Illuminati is real?	What is some proof that the Illuminati is real?
Does chronic hyperventilation cause brain damage?	Does hyperventilation cause brain damage?
How will the ban of old 500 and 1000 rs notes help in bringing out the black money?	How will the scrapping of Rs 500 and Rs 1000 notes help in reducing black money and corruption?
How can I make myself an idiot?	How do I become an idiot?
How can I get money for free?	How do I get money for free?
How many ways are there to pronounce Quora?	What's the right way to pronounce Quora?
How much is known about the release date of the new Apple MacBook Pro?	When will Apple release the new MacBook Pro in 2016?
What is the best novel of all time?	What is the best novel ever?
Why is not the virgin Mary among the holy trinity ?	Why is not the virgin Mary among the holy trinity "In the name of the father, the son, the mother "Mary", and the holy spirit, one God "?
Which countries can be visited on a valid Schengen visa?	Which countries can I travel to on a Schengen Visa?
What are good workouts to lose belly fat?	What are remedies to get rid of belly fat?
What is the best thing to do to start being involved in open source projects?	How could start with open source development?
Can we make our own car?	How can I build a car?
Is there a method to play the songs saved offline (not purchased) on Airtel Wynk music on my default music player?	Is there any way to play songs downloaded using Airtel Wynk on any other player?
What is the difference between training & development?	What is difference between training and development?
What is the future of e-commerce in India?	What is the future of e- commerce in India?
How is the surface area to volume ratio calculated?	What is the ratio of surface area to volume?
What is the world's best movie?	What are the best movies of all time?
What makes Indians sad?	What things make Indians sad?
How can one overcome mood swings?	How can one control mood swings?
How do I know if I am making the right choice?	How do you know that you have made the right decision?
How do I reset or recovery my Outlook password?	How do I reset Outlook password?
Should people over 88 not be allowed to vote?	Should people over 96 not be allowed to vote?
What is the difference between qualitative and quantitative analysis? How are they applied differently?	What is the difference between qualitative & quantitive analysis made at market research?
How I can train a dog?	How do I train a dog at an early age?
How do invest in stocks?	How can I invest in stocks?
How can I learn to hack?	How do I learn hacking from beginner?
How do I post a question in Quora?	Quora: How do you post a question on Quora?
What should I do after CA final exam?	What things should I do after taking CA final exams if articleship is completed?
How do I prove the existence of God to an atheist?	How can you prove to someone that GOD exists?
Modi's announcement on banning 500 and 1000 currency notes. How would it affect economy?	What will be the effects of demonetisation of 500 and 1000 notes on the Indian economy?
What is the best Antivirus to use?	What is the best antivirus to buy?
Why are people so close-minded?	Why are people closed minded?
How can I get evidence of a cheating spouse?	How do I catch a cheating spouse?
What are the best website for downloading free games?	What is the best website from where we can download free games?
Is there a permanent remedial for chronic asthma?	Where can I find a permanent treatment for asthma?
How can I come out of my comfort zone and stay concentrated?	How do I come out of comfort zone?
What if every human being in this world becomes vegetarian?	What would happen if everyone becomes vegetarian?
Which coaching class is good for MPSC preparation in Pune?	Which is the best MPSC coaching Classes in Pune?
What are some good books on English grammar?	What is the best book for English grammar?
How do you take care of lucky bamboo bonsai (or whatever this is)?	How do you care for lucky bamboo plants?
Who is the best startup lawyer in Los Angeles?	Who are good start up lawyers in Los Angeles?
What are some of the amazing facts about WhatsApp?	What are some amazing facts about WhatsApp?
What are some good dental clinics in Delhi?	Which is the best dental clinic in Delhi?
What is the most interesting theory in science?	What are the most interesting theories in science?
Why are some people afraid of darkness?	Why are humans afraid of the dark?
How is life in IRMA like?	How is life at IRMA like?
What are the best books for preparing for the IIT JAM Maths exam?	What are the best books for practicing for the IIT JAM math exam?
What's the difference between an "organ" and a "piano"?	What is the difference between a piano and an organ?
How often couples have sex?	How often do couples have sex?
Why will ISPs block forum sites when we lose net neutrality?	Would ISPs block forum sites and why wouldn't they?
Can someone who has blocked my number see when I call them?	If someone blocked me in phone if I call them will they know it?
How do you get rid of scabs in your ear?	How do I get rid of scabs in my ear?
How will you know you love someone?	When do you know that you are in love?
Is torrents download leads to arrest in India?	Can I be arrested for downloading from torrents in India?
I want to learn coding how should I start it?	Where should I start to learn programming?
Is it true that Modi government has done corruption in Rafale Deal by overpricing the jets more than UPA?	Is it true that the Rafale deal is overpriced and the UPA govt. had done better negotiations than the Modi govt. as claimed in some Facebook posts?
What are best websites to learn programming concepts?	What are the best websites to learn programming?
How should I avoid "What others will think"?	How do I avoid feeling that others are thinking about me and avoid inferiority?
Why is India so bad at Olympics and football?	Why does India perform poorly in Olympics even though there is no reservations?
Why is an atom spherical?	Why atom is in spherical shape?
What is the best laptop under 30k for students?	What is the best laptop under 30000 INR?
What are the causes of the fall of the Roman Empire?	What caused the fall of the Roman Empire? How would the world be if they were still around?
What would you do if you find yourself invisible?	What would you do if given the power to become invisible?
Which supervolcano will erupt next?	Which supervolcano is likely to erupt next?
What is wrong with Indian Education System?	Why is the Indian education system worthless?
What should I do if my iPod touch is not turning on or charging?	Why won't my iPod Touch hold a charge?
How is first time sex experience?	How did you feel first time sex as a virgin?
What are the financial markets (all)?	What exactly are financial markets?
What is the story behind why most of the buildings doesn't have 13th floor?	What's so unlucky about the number 13 and why don't buildings have a 13th floor?
Who can help me to get a green card?	How can I get a green card?
What is the most pathetic performance by a Bollywood actor/actress in a movie and why?	What's the most pathetic and cringe worthy performance by Bollywood actors/actresses?
How do I be an actor?	How do I became an actor?
How are algorithms used in competitive programming problems?	How are algorithms used to solve competitive programming problems?
How can I be more patient?	How can anyone become patient?
Why is Hillary Clinton a better choice than Donald Trump?	How is Hillary Clinton a better choice than Donald Trump?
What do you think of Donald Trump's Contract with the American Voter?	What is your take on Donald Trump's "Contract with the American Voter"?
How do I get out of loneliness?	How could I over come loneliness?
Does having a gap year after graduation affect the placement prospects of an IIM student?	Will this gap year affect my personal interviews in IIMs?
What are the differences between permittivity and permeability?	What is the difference between permittivity and permeability?
What are the reasons for nightfall?	What is the reason for nightfall?
When is the best time to take apple cider vinegar? 	How do I take Apple cider vinegar and when is the best time?
Can humans be immortal?	Will we ever become immortal?
What or who has influenced your life the most and why?	Who according to you has influenced your life most?
How do I apply for a PAN card?	How can I apply online for issuance of PAN card in India?
Where I download Bollywood movies?	From where to download Bollywood movies?
How do I know if a woman likes a guy?	How do I tell if a woman likes a guy?
How do metals react with bases?	How do metals and bases react?
How long will meth stay in my system if I inject it?	How long meth stay in system?
What can I do to improve communication skills?	What should I do improve my communication skill?
If you could pick your favorite movie of all time what would it be?	What is your favorite movie of all-time?
How can I Increase the traffic of my blog?	How to increase my website Traffic?
Did discrimination against women exist in India?	How bad is discrimination against women in India?
How does one define success?	What do you define as success?
Why Twitter CEO was not called at tech summit?	Why wasn't Jack Dorsey at the Trump Tech Summit?
Where will the next major war be fought in the next half century?	Between which nations will the next major war most likely be fought?
How do I make money on Upwork as a beginner?	What are some ways to make money on Upwork?
Do Indians watch PewDiePie?	Why don't Indians watch PewDiePie?
How do I hire a legit hacker?	Where can I hire an email hacker?
What's white privilege?	What is white skin privilege?
What will be the implications of banning 500 and 1000 rupees currency notes on Indian economy?	How is banning 500 and 1000 INR going to help Indian economy?
How do I register for the TOEFL with multiple given names?	How do I register multiple given names in TOEFL?
How many calories should a person eat a day to lose weight?	How many calories per day should I eat to lose  weight?
What will be the impact of the step taken to ban the 500 & 1000 rupee note on Indian economy?	What will be the consequences of 500 and 1000 rupee notes banning?
Where can rent PS4 game in Bengaluru?	Where can I rent a PS4 in Bangalore?
Which programming language is the best nowadays?	What is a good first programming language to learn?
What should I do if I don't know what I should do?	What should I do if I don't know what I have to do?
What are some good books for IIT JEE 2017 preparation?	How should I prepare for IIT JEE 2017 and which book are good for preparations?
What is the most important thing in life? And why?	What are the most important things in life? And why?
How can human activities have an effect on biodiversity?	What is the human impact on biodiversity?
What are the best ways to build an email list of your customers?	What is the best way to build email list?
How do you send a private message to someone you're following on Quora?	How do I personal message on Quora?
How can I become famous one day?	How can I be famous in one day?
Why is salt water taffy candy imported in France?	Why is Saltwater taffy candy imported in Mongolia?
What should be done to impress a girl?	How do I impress a girl on chat?
What is the fastest way to lose weight safely?	How do I lose weight and reduce my waist quickly?
Why should I vote for Hillary Clinton?	Why are you voting for Hillary Clinton?
Why are there free "antivirus" software in Windows?	What's the best free antivirus software available for Windows?
What are the facts about YouTube?	What are some facts about youtube?
How can I get tickets for the India Spain Davis Cup fixtures?	How can I get Davis cup tickets for India vs Spain match?
What would happen on earth if the moon suddenly disappeared?	What would happen if the moon suddenly disappeared?
Who is the most beautiful person by appearance and why?	For you who is the most beautiful person?
Which is the best recommended book for CA-CPT?	Which book will be helpful for optional practice to crack CA-CPT?
Can we travel back in time?	Can we turn back time?
How would I increase my height aftr 18?	How can I increase my height after 18 years of age?
How hard is a neurology residency?	How hard is it to get neurology residency?
Daniel Ek: Why hasn't Spotify come to India yet? When is it launching in India?	Daniel Ek: Are there any future plans of releasing Spotify in India?
Is it true that there is life after death?	What is the life after death.?
What is the MICA hostel like?	What is the hostel at MICA for freshers like?
What should everybody know about money?	What are basic things that everyone needs to know about finance?
What is the human body?	What is a human body?
From where can I pursue digital marketing course?	What is the best digital marketing course online for a beginner?
Is it possible to love more than one person at the same time?	Can you be in love with more than one person at the same time? Should you be?
How can I find suggestions for planning a trip to Goa for 3 days?	How should I spend a 3 day trip to Goa?
Which is the best laptop to buy now?	Which is the best laptop to buy under 50k?
How long should I wear orthofill bands?	How long should I wear the Orthofill bands on my teeth?
What is the best hilarious joke you have ever heard?	What is the funniest joke you have ever read heard or listened?
How do I prepare for geography in upsc?	How do I prepare Geography as general studies for UPSC?
What day in your life did you consider to be the best day ever?	How did you spend the best day of your life?
How do I retrieve my Gmail password?	How do you recover your gmail account password?
What can be the best reply to hmm in any conversation?	What is the best reply to "hmm.."?
How can I realistically make money online?	How do you make easy money online?
What would happen if both Trump and Pence were assassinated before taking office?	What would happen if Trump and Pence dies before inauguration day?
What is the average trip distance for uber drivers?	What is the average trip distance for uber?
What are the best anti-aging products?	What are the top anti-aging products?
What was your first sexual experience like for you?	How was the experience when you had sex for the first time?
Is it possible to time travel to past?	Will time travel be possible in the next 10 years?
How do I reduce the thigh thickness and hip thickness?	How can I reduce thigh fat?
Which is the oldest country?	What are the oldest nations in the world?
What is your experience in SSB?	What are some experiences at SSB?
What would I do additional courses with mechanical engineering?	What are the best additional courses for working mechanical engineers?
What is the strangest thing that has ever happened to you?	Whats the strangest experience you have ever had?
Where is the most beautiful beach in the world?	What are the most beautiful beaches in the world?
How can I stop worrying about what other people think of me?	How can one stop caring about what people say or think about them?
Which is the best way to learn C?	What's the fastest way to learn C?
What is unique about Kerala which stands out from other states?	How is kerala different from other states of India?
Why do dogs urinate on car tyres?	Why do dogs prefer to piss on tyres?
Which are the best songs of A. R. Rahman?	Which are your favourite A. R. Rahman songs?
How do I concentrate more on studies?	How can I can concentrate well in studies?
What is the future of social media marketing?	What’s the future of social media marketing?
What non-fiction books are in demand?	What are the best Non-fiction books currently?
What are some ways to track a mobile number and its location?	How can one track a mobile number location?
What is the present best branch of engineering in India?	Which is the best engineering branch in India?
What are the connections between poverty and crime?	How does poverty affect crime?
What is the best thing you have ever read on quora.com?	What is the best thing you have read on Quora?
Is it possible for one to run out of questions to answer on Quora?	Is there any possibility that we will run out of questions because everything is already answered on Quora?
What places should I visit during my visit to Kerala during July?	What is the best time to visit Kerala and what are the places to visit in a span of 8 days?
What was the best gift you gave yourself?	What's the best gift you ever gave to yourself?
What is your most unpopular opinion?	What is your most unpopular opinion about anything?
How can I become a millionaire on Amazon?	How can I become a millionaire on Amazon? What products can I sell between 150 to 250?
What is a stock market? What actually takes place in a stock market?	What actually is a stock market?
What are some good ways to become better at thinking on your feet?	How can I get better at thinking on my feet?
What was that best moment of your life?	What are your best moments of life?
How profitable is it to own a long term care?	How profitable is opening a long term care facility?
Which country was the first to leave the Soviet Union before it collapsed in 1991 and what countries followed?	Which was the first Republic to quit the Soviet Union in 1991?
Why did MS Dhoni leave the captaincy of ODI and T20?	Why does M.S Dhoni left captaincy for ODI and T20?
When can women get pregnant in the menstrual cycle?	How do I get pregnant just after my periods?
What is the cheapest country to travel in?	Where is the cheapest and nice country to visit?
What's the most beautiful poem in this world?	What are some of the most beautiful poems?
What are some of the best college memories?	What are some of the best school memories?
What is the evidence behind the assertion of white privilege?	Is being white a privilege?
Which site is best for online cake delivery in Bangalore?	Where can I order a cake online in bangalore?
What are some paranormal experiences you had?	What is the scariest paranormal encounter you've had?
Can we love two person at the same time?	Can you love two people at the same time?
What is the best way to avoid procrastination?	How can I stop procrastination?
What are some good online tutorials to learn selenium automation tools as beginner?	What are best online tutorials on selenium?
How can I be great at business development?	How could I be a great business developer?
How can a female reduce thighs and hips fat fast and forever?	What can be done to reduce thigh and hip fat in men?
How do I delete my question from Quora? I keep getting notifications about needing improvement.	How can you delete a question that you asked on Quora?
Should people over 95 not be allowed to vote?	Should people over 96 not be allowed to vote?
Can some body gives me any idea about major projects in mechanical engineering?	What are some projects a mechanical engineer can take up for his/her B.Tech Major Project?
Which are the best books to learn C++?	What are some books to learn c++?
What is the least painful and best way to commit suicide?	What is the best way for me to kill myself?
What is percent ionization? How can you calculate it?	How do you calculate percent ionization?
Is there a difference between native mini displayport and just mini displayport on Macbook air?	Is there a difference between native mini displayport and just mini displayport on Macbok air?
What is the reason behind Quora's limiting the question detail to 300 character limit?	Why is Quora's question detail so limited?
What are the best ways to lose weight?	How do I reduce my weight?
What are the side effects of hair transplant surgery?	What are the side effects of hair transplantation?
What is life at sea?	What is life at sea like?
How is radioactive decay measured?	How is radioactive decay calculated?
What are some really great short stories?	What are some good short stories?
What’s the hardest bug you’ve debugged?	What's the hardest bug you've debugged?
How do I get these two thoughts out of my head?	How do I get a certain thought out of my head?
Does anyone here use Kik?	Is anyone using Kik?
What is it like to study in McGill University?	What is it like to attend McGill University?
What can I do to improve my English speaking?	How can improve my English speaking?
Will Indians face any difficulty if Donald Trump becomes the President of USA?	What will be the effect of Donald Trump becoming the president of US on India?
How do I make small holes in Drinking glass?	How can I make small holes in Drinking glass?
How much do the new notes of ₹500 and ₹2000 cost to RBI?	How much does it cost to print the new INR 2000 note?
How can you tell if someone has blocked you on iPhone?	How do I know if someone has blocked me on their iPhone?
What is your favourite place and why?	Which is your Favourite place and why?
Why South Sudan has not signed the Non-Proliferation Treaty yet?	Why hasn't South Sudan signed the Non-Proliferation Treaty?
What are some of the best part time jobs to do from home?	What is a part-time job that I can do from home?
How can I earn money using my Quora profile?	Do bloggers on Quora earn money?
Will it be possible for everyone to grow their own food?	Why don’t more people grow their own food?
What is the best video game in 2015 ? (Just one)	What are some of the best video games of 2015?
What is a good diet to lose weight?	How do I actually lose weight?
What's the quickest and most painless way to commit suicide?	What's the absolute easiest way to commit suicide?
How do turbines and generators work?	How do turbines and generators work together?
Can anyone tell me some real life karma experiences?	What are some real life examples of “Karma"?
What would happen if China and Pakistan attacked India?	What will happen If China and Pakistan Attack India at the same time?
Is morality subjective or objective?	Is human morality subjective or objective?
What are some ways to get rich?	How do I become rich?
In what order should I learn programming languages?	What are the most important programming languages to learn nowadays?
How can I change my sleep schedule?	How do i fix a broken sleep schedule?
How do I motivate myself to study subjects I don't like?	How do I motivate myself to study the subjects I don't like?
How can I hide apps on iPhone?	What is the best way to hide an app on an IPhone?
How will the ban on Rs 500 and 1000 notes impact the Indian economy?	Modi's announcement on banning 500 and 1000 currency notes. How would it affect economy?
Can u get pregnant the day after your period ends?	Can I fall pregnant after 3days of my period?
Which is the best institute to learn digital marketing (job oriented) in India?	Which is the best platform to learn online and get knowledge + certification for Digital Marketing or every course in general?
In reality can anybody change the outcome of the election to let Donald Trump lose from December 19th?	Can anybody change the outcome to let Trump lose when he won on December 19th?
How do you recover from an emotionally abusive and manipulative relationship?	How do you recover from emotional abuse in a relationship?
Why Supreme Court directed all cinema halls across the country to play the National Anthem before the start of a film?	What do you think of the supreme court order that cinema halls must play the national anthem with exits closed and all present required to stand up?
What are some important android phone apps?	What are the top 2 Some important android phone app?
What are the best Smartphones tech gadgets?	Technology: What are the best smartphones gadgets?
How do I come out of depression?	How can you come out of depression?
What are some reasons people don't believe in climate change?	Why do climate change deniers deny climate change?
What is a bodybuilding diet?	Bodybuilding cutting diet?
What are some disadvantages of multiculturalism? What are some advantages?	What are the advantages and benefits to multiculturalism?
How can I earn from online?	What is the easiest way to earn money from online?
Does size really matter to women?	Does penis size matter to girls?
Is there a working cure for asbestos?	Is there a cure for asbestos?
Does Gary Johnson have a chance?	I'm a republican voting for Gary Johnson? Does he have a chance?
Why does Quora mark so many questions as needing improvement?	Why is my question repeatedly marked as needing improvement?
Is everything in our life destined?	Is life destined?
Should students take part in politics?	Should students take part in politics or not?
What are some cute names to call your boyfriend?	What are cute names to call my boyfriend?
How do I inspire myself to wake up early in the morning?	What are good ways to motivate myself to wake up early in the morning?
If either Hillary Clinton or Donald Trump were to die unexpectedly before the election what would happen?	What would happen if Hillary Clinton dies before the elections?
What's the best place to watch the Perseid meteors shower near San Francisco?	What is the best place to view a meteor shower in the SF Bay Area?
Where and how can I find best hotel in Bhopal?	How do I find the best hotels in Bhopal?
Why are mobile plans for 28 days?	Why is mobile network packs validity is 28 days?
What type of person is likely to have a midlife crisis?	What exactly is a midlife crisis? And how common are they?
What do you think about Kashmir issues?	What do you think about Kashmir?
How do you learn to draw?	How can I learn to draw?
What is make money online?	How can i make money online easily?
What are some good trap songs?	Which are the best trap songs?
Do you think Indian governments decision to demonetize the 500 and 1000 rupee note is a sudden action?	What do you think of the move by the govt to scrap 500 & 1000 rupee notes?
Is there any real proof of aliens?	Is there any actual proof of aliens?
How does hammer VPN work?	How does hammer VPN works?
Why making a Time Machine is Impossible?	Can the idea of time machine be ever achieved in real?
Where can I find a qualified hacker?	Where can I hire an email hacker?
How do you train a Rottweiler/Pit Bull puppy?	How do you train a rottweiler/pit bull mix?
What are some characteristics of modernism in American literature? What are some examples?	What are characteristics of modernism in American literature?
How do I find angel investors?	Where can I find angel investor for my website?
How can you delete a question that you asked on Quora?	How do I erase all my answers and question on Quora?
Does first time sex pains a lot for a girl?	How can you reduce first time sex pain?
Does reporting fake names on Quora do anything?	Is it worth it to report fake names on Quora?
What is the best home loan in?	Which home loan is the best?
Tcs take home salary in usa?	What is the approx salary TCS give to USA employees ?
Why do people believe in religion in general?	Why do people believe in religion?
How do I change my Yahoo password?	How do I change my password on Yahoo mail?
What are some of the top iPhone 6 glass screen protectors available in the market?	What is the best iPhone 6 screen protector?
Hackers: Is it possible to hack into a school system and change your grades?	Is it possible to hack into school systems and change grades?
How should I prepare for the SNAP 2016?	How do I prepare well for SNAP exam?
How can I learn computer security?	What is the best way to learn Cyber Security?
How can we find our strength?	What can we do to find our strengths?
Where can I find angel investors for an invention?	Were can I find Angel Investors who actually listen and invest?
How I start prepare for UGC net English literature latest syllabus?	How do I prepare for the UGC NET English Literature at home?
How do I get a iPhone for free?	Way to get a free iPhone 7?
How do I stay motivated?	How do I stay motivated in life?
Which is the world's oldest religion? What is the evidence of it?	How old is the oldest religion?
What is the trick to know my WhatsApp profile visitors?	How can I see who views my whatsapp profile regularly?
I'm going to Italy this September and want to go to Cinque terre and Portofino. What is the best place to stay nearby for both locations?	What is the best way or close location to go to Cinque terre and Portofino?
Which are the most recommended magazines for aspiring writers?	Which are the most recommended literary magazines for aspiring writers?
What do people of Pakistan think about Indians?	What do the people from Pakistan think about Indians?
When and where will the 2015 East Coast Top Writer Meetup be held?	Where should the 2015 East Coast Top Writers meetup be held?
How have your experiences with using Tinder been?	How was your experience using Tinder for dating?
Is Donald Trump fit to be president?	Donald Trump: Would you be a good president?
How can I make money from intraday trading?	How do I earn money in intraday trading.?
How can I get admitted to MIT?	How can I be selected in mit?
What's it like to date gold digger?	What is it like dating a gold digger?
What is the best way to prepare for IIFT? How does IIFT exam differ from CAT except for the GK section?	What is the best way to prepare for IIFT entrance?
How long does it take for ice also known as meth to get out of your system if you have been shooting it?	How long does crystal meth stay in your system and how can I dilute it?
How should I improve my english communication skills?	How can I improve in English?
Which is the best SAP ABAP training institute in Noida?	What is the best training institute for SAP ABAP training in Noida?
What are the pros and cons of masturbation?	How harmful or unhealthy is masturbation?
What is the best way to learn guitar without taking classes?	How can I learn to play guitar without joining any class?
How do I keep motivated in the gym?	How do I keep motivated at the gym?
What should I do for part time job?	What can I do for a part time job?
How did Donald trump win?	Why was Trump elected President?
How much memory allocation goes to a double vs a float type data in Java?	How is a float or double value stored in memory in java?
What is life after IIT?	How is life after IIT ?
Do you know any good web design blog?	What are the best web design blogs to follow?
How do I prepare for IBPS PO exam and what are the books to follow?	What are the best books for preparing IBPS PO and clerk 2016 exam as per the new pattern?
Why are Saltwater taffy candy imported in the Philippines?	Why is Saltwater taffy candy imported in Germany?
What is the best book in robotics?	What is the best robotic book?
How do I retrieve my deleted history from Google chrome?	Can history be retrieved after deleting Google chrome?
How can I be skinny fast?	What are some tips for getting skinny fast?
Which is currently the best IAS coaching centre in Hyderabad?	Which are the best institutes for Civil Services Coaching in Hyderabad?
Why can't anything travel faster than the speed of light?	How do we know for sure that nothing is faster than light?
Can I make money by uploading videos on YouTube (if I have subscribers)?	What are some ways to make money from YouTube?
How will India's relation with US be affected if Donald Trump wins the US elections?	Will relations between India and the USA get affected with Donald Trump as President?
Which is the best course for digital marketing?	What are the top courses on digital marketing?
Would the allies have won WW2 if America did not join in?	Would the allies have won the WW2 if America didn't intervene in 1941?
What is it like to do a DMT?	What's it like smoking DMT?
Who has the highest IQ?	Who has the highest recorded IQ of all time?
How did the declaration of independence embody enlightenment ideals?	What are three Enlightenment ideas used in the Declaration of Independence?
How can I stop my night cravings for food?	How can I stop myself craving for food?
What are the pros and cons Ubuntu and Elementary OS?	Why do some people hate elementary OS?
Can height be increased after age 21?	Can someone increase their height naturally after 19?
What are some examples of a terrible trailer for a great film?	What examples are there of brilliant films with terrible trailers?
What is the process to win an Oscar?	How does one win the Oscar?
What is IP address?	What is the use of an IP address?
How do you improve your writing skills?	How could I improve my writing skill?
How is Quora good for me?	Why is Quora good for me?
What do you think will be the effect of Modi Government's decision of invalidating the RS 500 and RS 1000 notes?	What are your views on the decision of Narendra Modi to discontinue the use of 500 and 1000 currency notes?
How will Donald Trump getting elected as the President of the United States affect the relations of the USA and India?	Donald Trump has won the presidency election. How does it affect US relations with India?
Can we forecast earthquakes?	Is there really any way to forecast earthquakes?
Would legalizing prostitution reduce rape?	Can legalizing porn and prostitution help reduce rape?
Why is Saltwater taffy candy imported in Australia?	Why is Saltwater taffy candy imported in the Philippines?
What happens to different animals in zero gravity? How do they react?	How do different animals respond to zero gravity situations?
What should perfect relationship be like?	What should a perfect relationship be like?
How winning money from YouTube?	How do I make money through YouTube?
What are the best tips for outlining/planning a novel?	How do I best outline my novel?
How can an unarmed man defend himself against a large vicious attacking dog?	How can one defend oneself against an aggressive dog?
How far away is the Quantum Internet from becoming a reality?	Quantum Computation: How far away is the Quantum Internet from becoming a reality?
Is it possible to bake a cake in a microwave oven?	How do I bake a chocolate cake at home using microwave?
What should I do if a dog eats chocolate?	What should you do if your dog eats chocolate?
Who should I pray?	Why should we pray?
How would you defend politics as a worthwhile and ennobling activity?	How could you defend politics as a worthwhile and ennobling activity?
When should I start preparing for SSC CGL 2017?	How should I start preparing for SSC CGL 2017?
Did the British come to India to rule or for some other purposes?	Did the British come to India to rule it or did they have other purpose?
What are the best colleges for studying economics in India?	Which is the best college for studying economics in India?
What is the most practical defensive martial art?	What's the best self defense martial art?
Why am I peeing a little bit of blood? How dangerous is it?	What should I do if I am peeing blood?
How do I find God?	What is the best way to know God?
What is the best idea to earn money online?	What are the strategies for earning money online?
What are some ways to start a daycare?	How do I start a daycare?
What is big o notation in dickrete maths?	How do I understand Big O notation?
What's the most illegal thing you've ever done and gotten away with?	What is the most illegal thing you have done and got away with?
How can I increase my intelligence as much as possible?	How can I increase my intelligence?
How do you make yourself completely come out of your comfort zone?	How can I make myself to get out of my super comfort zone?
What is a privilege motion in parliament?	What is privilege motion?
How can you rapidly lose weight in 14days?	How can someone lose weight quickly?
What is difference between lust and greed?	What is the difference between lust and greed?
If blood in our body flows only in veins then why it flows out when your finger is cut slightly?	If blood in our body flows only in veins then why it flows out when our finger is cut slightly?
Do you think there's life on other planets?	Is it possible that there is life in other planets?
Why has the Tata sons board voted to remove Cyrus Mistry as chairperson?	What are your views on Cyrus Mistry being removed as Chairperson of Tata Sons?
What are the best sites to learn programming?	Which is the best site to learn programming?
How do I know am not been cheated on by my partner in a relationship?	How do I know my partner is cheating on me?
What is your favorite board game and why?	What is the best board game ever?
What is the best book for Data Interpretation?	Which books are best for data interpretation?
Which are the famous actors or actresses not wearing make-up?	Which famous actors do not wear make-up?
What will be Hillary Clinton foreign policy with respect to India once she becomes president?	What will be Hilary Clinton's policy towards India if she become President?
How do I set goals for myself?	How do I set goals?
Which is the best site to download movies from?	Which are best sites to download movies?
Which is the best place in Pune?	What are the best places to travel in Pune?
What should I prepare for a presentation?	What's the best way to prepare for a presentation?
How do we control our emotions?	How one can control impulsive emotions?
How safe are weight loss pills?	Are Ectoplan pills safe for weight loss?
What can I do when I am nervous about an important exam?	What should I do when I am feeling very nervous before a very important exam?
How do I become a white hat hacker and a bug bounty hunter?	How does one become a bug bounty hunter?
Why is Hillary Clinton running for president?	Why did Hillary Clinton run for president?
How is the movie suicide squad?	How is suicide squad?
What can I do to pass a urine test for meth?	Can I pass a blood test after meth use?
Which are best inspirational movies?	What are the top 10 inspirational movies?
Which is the best Bollywood flim in this year 2016?	What is your favorite Bollywood movie in 2016?
How do I uninstall Quora?	How do you uninstall Quora?
How can I contribute to open source development?	How do I start contributing for open source development?
What should i do get over a girl?	How do I get over a girl I cannot be with?
How does one get Facebook to reset your account when your Facebook account is hacked AND your email is hacked?	How can I get my password back from Facebook if my email address doesn't exist anymore?
Where can I hire a hacker?	How can I hire a professional hacker?
How long does it take to be fluent in Spanish?	How long should it take a person to become fluent in Spanish?
What's the best animated anime?	Which are the best anime?
What are some interesting facts about the dolphin fish?	What are some cool facts about "Dolphins"?
Why are there more female teachers than males in the primary classes?	Why are there so many more female primary school teachers than male ones?
How can I get messages that have been deleted from my dm on Instagram back?	How do I retrieve a deleted instagram message?
Time Travel Is It Possible?	What is the possibility of time travel becoming a reality?
How can I fix my sleeping schedule?	How can I change my sleep schedule?
How will GST affect my taxation as a common man?	What is GST and how would it affect common man?
How does one write lyrics?	How do you write song lyrics?
What is human brain's storage capacity?	What is the theoretical storage capacity of the human brain?
Can a sub-sonic electric impeller power a supersonic airplane?	Is electric powered supersonic flight possible?
How can one be more outgoing?	How does one become more outgoing?
What are some good ways for international students in the USA to overcome culture shock?	How can I deal with reverse culture shock?
How much money can I truly make playing poker every week if I work hard?	How much money can I make 5 days a week playing poker?
Which is the best movie from 2016?	Which is the best movie 2016?
How is time travel possible?	Could time travel be a real thing? Could it be scientifically explained?
What are the best Lucid Dreaming techniques?	What's the best method to lucid dreaming?
What time period does La La Land movie take place?	When does La Land Land movie take place?
What should I know before investing in bitcoin?	Should I really take a chance by investing now in Bitcoin?
How can I post an image?	How do I post an image?
How can you make Saravana Bhavan Pongal?	How can you make Saravana Bhavan's pongal?
What are some good starter projects for a Raspberry Pi?	What are some good Raspberry Pi projects for a beginner?
What is the best food delivery app or website in Sydney and why?	What is the best food delivery app in Sydney?
How do you prepare for an IBPS Po interview?	How do I prepare for ibps po interview?
Why do some people on QUORA ask questions that they can easily findout on Google?	Why do people use Quora when they could easily find the answer in a quick Google search?
What are the major characteristics of Italian leather?	What's so great about Italian leather?
How do I get addmision in MIT?	How IS TO get into MIT?
How do I write an essay?	How do I write great essays?
What should I do to gain some weight?	How can gain my weight?
What are some similarities and differences between data and information?	What are the differences between data and information?
What are the fields which I can pursue in Biology after 12th?	What are some options for a biology student after class 12th in India?
Entrepreneurship in India: Any new Business ideas with lesser investment?	What are the best new business idea in india with less investment?
Has anyone ever naturally gained height after 20 years of age?	Will swimming increase height after 20 years of age?
What is the function of a computer hard drive?	What is the function of the hard disc drive in a computer? How does it work?
What are the colors of the rainbow?	What are the colors in the rainbow?
Which is the most used programming language in the world currently?	Which programming language is the most used nowadays?
How does Wikipedia earn money (other than obvious ways like donations)?	How wikipedia earn money without ads in their website?
Are you interested in Quora meet up scheduled in Hyderabad?	Are you interested in Quora meet up hyderabad?
What is the expected cutoff for the KVPY 2016?	What is the Expected cutoff for KVPY SA stream 2016?
Do you think new 500 and new 2000 notes will help eradicating Black Money?	Do you think scraping Rs. 500 and Rs. 100 notes marks the beginning of curbing of the black money laundering in India?
Which are the best Linux distros for an individual user?	Which is best Linux distro in 2016 and why?
Why do elderly people prefer reading Manga to anime?	Why do elderly prefer reading Manga to anime?
How do you add topics upon asking a question on Quora?	How do you add topics on Quora?
Is there any new trick to earn a free recharge?	How do I earn a free recharge?
What are movies that everyone should see?	What are some movies that everyone needs to watch at least once in life?
How can I learn martial art online?	How do you learn martial arts?
Why cant we have a public debate between politicians in India like the one in US?	What do you think about having a prime ministerial debate in India like they have Presidential debate in the US?
What the benefits of smoking weed?	What are the benefits of smoking weed?
If God is all powerful can he make a rock so heavy even he cannot lift it?	Can God create a rock so big that even he cannot lift it?
How do I practice and increase my discipline?	How can I improve my self discipline?
How should I improve my English speaking and writing skills?	How do I improve my English writing ability?
Was Alexander The Great really so great?	Was Alexander the great really "great"?
How can you tell if you're a narcissist?	How can I identify a narcissist?
What are the current startup trends in India?	What is the current startup trend in India like?
What essentials should an easily portable survival kit contain?	What essential should an easily portable survival kit contain?
How do I put on a Condom?	How do I use condom?
How do I repair a cracked Apple iPad screen?	How do I repair a broken Apple iPad screen?
How do I become a Canadian citizen?	How can I become a Canadian citizen? Is it true that permanent residence takes a very long time?
Why doesn't the Indian government change the reservation policy from caste based to economic criteria?	Is it possible to replace caste based reservation with reservation based on economic condition of the family?
How can I block seeing a specific someone's answers on Quora?	How do I stop seeing someone's answers in Quora?
Why does Quora not show the number of downvotes an answer has received?	Why doesn't Quora show the number of downvotes if it does show the number of upvotes?
How do you get out of a toxic friendship?	How do I get out of a toxic friendship?
What's one thing you believe that most people believe is a lie?	What is one thing you believe to be true that most do not?
Which is the best movie ever?	What is the best film you have watched?
What is the difference between idioms and phrases?	What is the difference between an idiom and a phrase?
How can I lose 25 pounds in a month?	What are some ways to lose 30 pound in 1 month?
Can I get into Stanford?	What does it take to get admitted into Stanford?
How can learn English?	How can I improve my communication skills in English?
Is it possible to have a dream in a dream?	Is it possible to dream in a dream?
Why do I have dreams every night?	Why is that I am seeing dreams every single night?
Is muting topics currently available on Quora?	Is there a way to block certain topics on Quora?
What are the best questions asked in interviews?	What is the best question asked in an interview?
Is it bad to have crush on our teacher?	Is it bad that I have a crush on my teacher?
How can I make money online quickly and easily?	What is best way to make money online?
What are you reading at the moment and why?	What books are you reading currently?
What is the best way to teach your baby to read?	What's the best way to teach preschoolers how to read and write?
When is MapReduce still useful?	What is mapreduce used for?
What purpose does baking soda serve on cookies?	What does baking soda and/or baking powder do for cookies?
How can you convert a Notepad file to Excel?	How can I convert a Notepad to Excel?
How single pole switching improves stability of power system?	How does single pole switching improve stability of power system?
What is the best food to eat in the morning?	What's the best food to eat in the morning?
What is the best book for learning German grammar?	What is the best book to learn German grammar?
How do you stop an 8 week Husky puppy from biting my shoes?	How do I stop my Yorkie/Corgi mix from chewing my shoes?
What does Turks think of Indians?	What do Turks think of Indians and India?
Is it possible that there is another planet with homo sapien humans?	Is there other planet like this world with humans?
Why have sagging pants been given a bad rep?	Is sagging my pants is considered bad?
What is the best country for mechanical engineering?	Which is the best country for mechanical engineer?
What country do you consider the most beautiful? (Best-looking people)	Which country has most beautiful girls?
What should I do to earn money online?	What is best way to make money online?
What have been your best career decisions?	What was the best career decision you ever made?
How much time does one need to learn JavaScript?	How much time does it take to learn JavaScript?
What is a good book to understand human behavior?	Which is the best book to understand human behavior?
How do I can boost my self confidence?	What are some suggestions on how to improve my self confidence?
How do I improve my English speaking?	How can I improve my speaking?
Which laptop should I buy under 60000?	Which is the best laptop under INR 60k?
What is your favorite music genre? Why?	What’s your favorite type of music to listen to?
How should you deal with social anxiety?	What is the best way to deal with social anxiety disorder?
How do I grow shorter?	Can I grow shorter? What should I eat to stunt growing or becoming shorter?
Is there a nice way to tell someone you don't care about them?	What do you do when someone doesn't care about you as much as you care about them?
Why are chess championships separated by gender?	Why is there a separate stream and separate championships for male and female chess players?
What is the biggest scam in history?	What are some of the biggest scams/cons in modern history?
How do I potty train a puppy?	How do I potty train my two-month-old Labrador pup?
Can I sue someone for sending me a virus?	Can I sue if I know the person who sent me a virus?
How can I make money online quickly and easily?	What is the easiest way to make a little money online?
How do I raise funding for my startup?	How can I raise funds for a new startup?
What is infinity raised to the power infinity?	Infinity raised to infinity?
Do medical schools in Ukraine offer direct admission to the medical students in Ukraine?	Do medical school in Ukraine offer direct admission to the medical students in Ukraine?
What do people think about interracial marriage?	What do you think about interracial marriage?
How does invalidating ₹500 and ₹1000 notes help us fight corruption and bring back black money?	If all ₹500 and ₹1000 notes were in circulation comes back to banks then how is demonetization a good step against black money?
Do I need an offender’s address to file for a restraining order?	Do I need an address to file for a restraining order?
Which Fortune 500 companies are more than 100 years old?	How many Fortune 500 companies are over 100 years old?
What do you think of libertarian socialist thinkers David Graeber and James C. Scott and their works?	What do you think of the work libertarian socialist thinkers David Graeber and James C. Scott?
What do you think about Chinese people?	what do people think of Chinese people?
What did you regret after graduating from college?	Is there somehting you regret after graduating from college?
Why each news channel show advertisement at same time?	Why do all Hindi news channel show ads at the same time?
What are the best and worst things about public transit in New Orleans? How could it be improved?	What is public transportation like in New Orleans?
Did the United States instigate the Japanese attack on Pearl Harbor?	Did FDR provoke Japan to attack Pearl Harbor to have an excuse to enter WWII? Did FDR instigate the attack?
Can we image planets surface and subsurface using THz microwaves (very close to infrared)?	Can we image the surface (and subsurface) of other planets using ground based gamma ray telescopes like H.E.S.S.?
Why do cats get scared when you place a cucumber in front of it?	Are cats scared of cucumbers?
What do you want a skincare app to have?	What features do you wish most skincare app had?
Are foreign nationals living in India eligible for DASA 2017?	Will a foreign national living in India be eligible for DASA 2017?
Daily user of meth how long will take to clean your system?	How long meth stay in system?
How has Arvind Kejriwal performed as a CM of Delhi?	What good Arvind Kejriwal did for Delhi as a CM?
What is a typical example where Growth hacking meets data science?	What's inside the intersection between growth hacking and data science?
How is the Lewis dot structure for acetone determined?	What is the Lewis dot structure for acetone? How is this determined?
What are the applications of a computer network?	What is application of computer network?
What do you think: will the US and Russia go to war?	Will the US ever go to war with Russia directly?
How do I find out if my girlfriend Is cheating?	How can I find out if my girlfriend is cheating?
What are the spots in this Car engine?	What are the yellow spots on cars?
How does a guy know if he is handsome?	How can a guy know that he is handsome or not?
Do you have sympathy for drug addicts? Why or why not?	Do you have sympathy for drug addicts?
Why are the jews the human cockroaches?	Why are the jews human-like cockroaches?
When should we have sex?	When should I have sex?
Why Cyrus Mistry has been sacked all of a sudden?	What led to Cyrus Mistry ouster from TATA GROUP?
Does India posses anti ballistic missiles?	Do India have anti-ballistic missiles? And if not? Then Why?
What is the feeling to have sexual intercourse at the first time?	How does having sex feel for the first time?
How do I better myself? In all aspects?	How can I better myself?
Why do people ask so many Googleable questions on Quora?	Why do people ask questions on Quora that are easily to find answers too on Google?
How do I to recycle black engine oil to diesel?	How do I convert used oil motor into diesel?
How can I get good at stand up comedy?	Where do I get a good stand up comedy show?
Which elements are halogens and how did they become that way?	Which elements are halogens?
Who is Hindu?	Who is a Hindu?
What is your New Year Resolution for 2017?	What will be your new year resolution for 2017 and your plan of execution?
what would happen if it rotates in the opposite direction?	What would happen to the Earth if the sun rotated in the opposite direction?
How do I have sex with a girl with her consent?	How do I get laid with a girl with her consent?
Did anybody ever document what the Dodo bird of Mauritius tasted like?	What do dodo birds taste like?
Can trump make America great again?	Will Donald Trump really make America great again?
How do I make 1000 dollars/day online?	How can I make 1000$ per day online?
Is the Indian currency has GPS nano chip?	How the nano GPS chips (NGC) in Indian 2000 Rupees notes works? Can’t people deactivate it?
How do atheists explain the Shroud of Turin?	What is the truth about the image of the crucified man on the shroud of Turin?
What is are some factors for 3?	What is a factor for 3?
How do I prepare for CA CPT exam without getting demotivated?	How can I prepare for CA CPT?
If I smoked 2 times in a week period can I pass a drug test in 3 weeks?	I smoked weed for 3 days. I was clean before that. I had to take a drug test 2 weeks after. I took a home test and barely passed. Will I pass the lab test?
Can I receive WhatsApp messages on my PC?	Can I receive WhatsApp messages both on PC and mobile?
Are all nihilists atheists?	Are all nihilist atheists?
Did Marissa Mayer fail at turning Yahoo around?	Has Marissa Mayer failed as CEO of Yahoo?
If you died and God would give you another chance to live for 1 day what would you correct?	If you died and God would give you another chance to life for 1 day what would you correct?
How trustworthy is BBC news?	What is your review of BBC News?
How can I help my cat that is scared of everything?	How can I treat my cat that is scared of everything?
How do I speed up my Android phone?	How do I speed up an Android phone?
Is there life after life?	Do you believe in life after death?
What programming language is used for making Android apps?	What is the programming language used to make Android apps?
Why do airlines make us Open the window shades when taking off and landing?	Flight Safety: Why do airlines require all window shades to be open for takeoff and/or landing?
How would be our life without internet?	What would life be like without the world wide web?
Who will run for President of the United States in 2020?	Who is running for US president in 2020?
Why doesn't Quora allow emojis?	Why doesn't Quora support smileys?
Do you think the world will end?	When will be the end of the world and why?
What is the best way to sell painted art in China?	What is the best way to sell paintings in China?
How ca n I improve my communication skill?	How can you improve your communication skill?
How many degrees of crankshaft rotation does it take to complete one complete engine cycle in a 4 stroke engine?	After a four stroke engine has completed one full operating cycle how many degrees has the crankshaft rotated?
Why can't you delete your own questions on Quora?	How do I delete my question from Quora?
What is the best way to improve my questions on Quora?	I cannot improve my questions on Quora. This is becoming an issue. What should I do?
I haven't started CAT preparation. Is there any plan so that I can crack the exam in 2 months?	How can one crack cat if only 2 months are left for the exam and he hasn't studied yet?
What's the one thing you saw/heard you wish you hadn't?	What's one thing you wish you never saw?
What would be the worst way to die?	Worst ways to die?
Is Arihant General Knowledge 2017 by Manohar Pandey a sufficient book to prepare for CLAT 2017?	Is Arihant general knowledge 2017 by manohar pandey a good book to prepare for CLAT?
How do I start learning machine learning and data science using python?	How should I start learning data analytics with python as a beginner?
What do all Indians commonly doing wrong?	What are the things that we as Indians are collectively doing wrong?
What's your best moment of 2016?	Which is your best moment of 2016?
How can I specifically improve my English?	How can I continue to improve my English?
How did the big bang occur if there was nothing to cause it?	How did the Big Bang occur?
What were the best movies of 2016? Why?	What are your top 10 favourite movies of 2016?
How do I train White Pitbulls?	How can I train my dog?
What is the best science magazine?	What are some good science magazines?
What is one thing that you saw your daughter doing that you wish you had never seen?	What is one thing you caught your son doing that you wish you had never seen?
How can I improve my fluency in English to face a more confortable job interview?	How can I improve my English speaking .?
What does it mean to be born out of wedlock?	What is it like to be born out of wedlock?
Do you know why the Europeans put the Australian Aborignals in chains?	Why did the Eurpoean in the early 1900s and late 1800s put the Australian aboriginals in chains?
When is the next big billion day from Flipkart?	When is next flipcart big billions sale?
What is shadow banking? Can you explain it in simple terms and examples?	What is shadow banking? Can anyone explain it in simple terms with an example?
Could the recent incidents between the USA and Russia lead to war?	Will there be a war between Russia and America?
Which is the best training institute in Pune for digital marketing and why?	Which is the best training institutes for digital marketing in Pune?
Why did Trump win the Presidency?	How did Donald Trump win the election?
When will the reservation system come to an end in India?	When can we expect the end of reservation in India?
Server DNS address could not be found.?	Server DNS address could not be found?
How to hack Wifi?	How can we hack Wifi Passowrds?
Should someone stand up when heard the national anthem?	Do you have to stand for the national anthem?
What should be my strategy to earn coins in MiniClip 8 Ball Pool?	How can I earn free coins in 8 ball pool?
Do we suffer a jerk when earth stops rotating in its own axis?	What will happen if the earth stops rotating?
How can I stop being judgmental of people?	What is the best way to stop being judgmental?
What is it like to marry someone you don't love?	What is it like to marry someone you never loved?
What is non proliferation treaty?	Non proliferation treaty?
Is time travel to 2010 possible?	Is time travel theoretically possible?
What is the sweetest thing your child ever said to you?	What is the loveliest thing a child has ever said to you?
What is the best mobile CPA affiliate network? How about YeahMobi?	What is the best mobile CPA affiliate network?
What is turnaround time and response time?	What are turnaround time and response time?
How does the ban on 500 and 1000 rupee notes helps to identify black money and corruption?	How is replacing 1000 rs notes with 2000 rs notes going to make black money hoarding a lot harder?
How do I get free coins in Pokemon GO?	How do get free Poké coins?
How can I log into Facebook without putting in a password?	How do I log in my Facebook account if you forgot your password?
What are the easy tips for weight loss?	What are some weight loss tips that actually work?
What if India becomes corruption free?	Can India be a corruption free country?
What do you think about the Indian Government policy of not circulating INR 500 and INR 1000?	What is your opinion about Narendra modis banning on 500 and 1000?
What are the positive medical effects of weed?	What are the health effects from smoking weed?
How can I improve my English pronunciation?	How can I improve my English speaking .?
Which book is the best for GRE preparation?	What is the best book for GRE preparation?
How should I become an actor?	What is the easiest way to become an actor?
Are we near World War 3?	Are we getting closer to world war 3?
How do I get the maximum number of upvotes on an answer?	How do I get the maximum number of upvotes on Quora for my answers?
How do you view the Indian government's decision to fight "black money" by scrapping 500 rupee and 1000 rupee notes?	What are the full implications of the Indian government's decision to withdraw all the old 500 and 1000 rupee notes from circulation?
What is heteronym?	What is heteronym? What are some examples?
Which is the best institute to learn digital marketing (job oriented) in India?	Where can I get the best digital marketing course (online & offline) in India?
Can BJP win in Uttar Pradesh?	Can BJP win 2017 UP Election?
How does our mind work?	How does our mind really work?
How can I contribute actively to amend the reservation system in India?	How can the caste based reservation system  be changed?
Is there a free download for Microsoft Windows 7?	How can I download Microsoft Windows 7 for free?
How can one control the commotion of emotion?	How much control can one have over one's emotions?
How one can lose weight without going to the gym?	Can I lose weight without going to gym?
What are your views about demonetisation in India?	What is your view on the recent demonetisation of higher value currencies in India?
What is the true meaning of entropy?	What is meant by entropy?
Why cant big bang theory be unified with string theory?	Why can't string theory be unified with the Big Bang?
How can I increase traffic to my site and what are some suggestions on how to get more of it?	How do I get more traffic for my site?
Does anyone in Quora have any real ghost experiences?	Has anyone ever seen real ghosts/scientifically unexplainable things?
What are some of the jobs good for introverts?	What are the best jobs for introverts?
What is sin?	What is a sin?
What are the best exercises to burn belly fat?	How can I reduce my Belly and tummy fat?
How do I hack my boyfriends JavaScript?	How do I hack JavaScript?
How QuickBooks Proavisor Tech support Phone Number is Prominent for getting Solutions?	Which is the best QuickBooks Hosting Support Number in New York?
What could be the effect of GST bill on Indian economy?	How is GST beneficial for the country? How would it help to improve the country's economy?
Can you lose fat and build muscle at the same time?	How do I reduce fat and build muscles at the same time?
Which are the best Hollywood adventure movies?	What are the best adventurous hollywood movies?
What is it like to meet Sergey Brin?	What is it like to meet Sergey Brin in Person?
How do I put up my profile photo on Quora? It doesn't have an option.	How can I put up my profile photo on my Quora?
From where and how to learn math?	How do I learn math online?
What is the worst thing that could happen if Donald Trump becomes President?	What is the worst thing trump could do?
Why are some users on Quora called "Quora user"?	Why are some answers written by "Quora User"? Who is "Quora User"?
What is a conspiracy theory that turned out to be real?	What are the best examples of conspiracy theories that turned out to be true?
Is Hinduism going to be extinct in Kerala?	Is Hinduism on decline in Kerala?
What are the options after doing Arts?	What are the career options after doing fine arts?
Who are some people having less than 1k followers but worth following?	Who are some Quorans worth following having less than 1K followers?
Cricket (sport): Which are the worst sledging moments in cricket?	What are some of the best (or worst) instances of sledging in cricket?
How I hack Facebook account?	What are some ways to hack a Facebook account?
Will Stephen Hawking win a Nobel Prize?	Will Professor Stephen Hawking win the Nobel Prize for Physics in 2016 for his work on Black Hole Theory?
Who are some of your favorite Quorans?	Who are some of your favorite Quorans and why?
How does one intelligently ask questions?	How do I learn to ask the right questions?
What does Turkish sound like to you?	What does Turkish sound like to foreigners?
What is the best mic to record vocals?	What are the best microphones for singing and recording vocals?
Which is the best alternative rock band?	What are some alternative rock bands?
Why do I feel I do not have any emotions for anyone?	Why do I feel no emotions?
Which is the best religion in the world?	Which is the best religion in the world? Which one can become a world religion?
How can I find out who has logged into my Instagram account?	Can I tell if someone logs into your Instagram account?
What were the causes for the Great Economic Depression?	What are the causes of great depression?
Where can I get affordable shopping experience for floor tiles?	Where can I get unparalleled shopping experience in Sydney for floor tiles?
Where can I apply offline data entry jobs without registration fees?	Where can I apply for an offline data entry job without registration fee?
What's the best way to be calm?	How can I become calm?
Who will win this presidential elections 2016?	Between Trump and Clinton who will win US presidential election?
What is the path for learning Java web development technologies?	What technologies should I learn for Java Web Development?
What does Quora mean?	What is the Quora means?
What if both Donald Trump and Hillary Clinton dropped out of the presidential race including the vice president nominees?	What would happen if Hillary Clinton and Donald Trump both suddenly dropped out right now?
How do I come out of comfort zone?	What are some of the best ways to break out my comfort zone?
How do I get into a travelling show?	How do I get into travel shows?
How do I increase my penis size manually?	Is it possible to increase the size of a penis?
How should I face for an interview?	What is the best way to face an interview?
What is a simple open source project to contribute  code to?	Which open source projects are simple enough for beginners to start working on?
Question That Contains Assumptions: Why don't women say what they really mean?	Why don't women say what the mean or want?
Have you ever experienced Alien abduction or heard a credible story about it?	What is the most credible alien contact/abduction story that you have ever heard of?
What are the best resources for teaching myself Biblical Hebrew?	What's the best way for a Jew to self-teach biblical Hebrew?
What are the best commercial air conditioning services in Hurstville?	Where can I get professional commercial air conditioning service in Hurstville?
How do I send a private message to a Quora member?	How do you send a private message on Quora?
What are the best sites for downloading Telugu movies?	What is the best site to download new Telugu movies?
Was Columbus Jewish?	Was Columbus a Jew?
How do I start an advertisement company in India?	How do I start an advertising company in India specifically in print media and hoarding?
What are some mind-blowing technology tools that most people don't know about?	What mind blowing technologies exist in 2016 that most people don't know about?
How do I lose weight fast?	How can I lose my weight fast?
What do you want right now?	What do you want right now? Why?
How can I help someone with anxiety and social disorders?	What is the best way to deal with social anxiety disorder?
Why do vegans always talk about how they're vegans?	Why do some vegans feel the need to talk about being vegan when no one asked or brought it up?
What's it like having a sibling?	What's it like having many siblings?
How I can improve my English communication?	How can I improve my spoken English?
How Do I Runaway From Home?	What are some safe ways to runaway from home?
What is the salary of IIT teachers?	What is the salary of an IIT professor?
Relation between phase & line voltage?	What is the exact meaning of phase voltage and line voltage?
Why do people ask questions on Quora that can easily be answered by Google?	Why are so many questions posted to Quora that are so easily answered by using Google?
Why did Tata group fire Cyrus Mistry from chairman post?	Why TATA sons replaced Cyrus Mistry to Ratan TATA?
How should I prepare for GATE 2016 EE in 5 months to get a rank below 500?	How can I prepare for the GATE 2016 in the last six months? Is there any good study to get qualified in CS?
Can a person be diagnosed with Aspergers as an adult?	How can I get diagnosed for Asperger's Syndrome as an adult?
Will my vision get worse if I stop wearing my glasses?	Would my myopia get worse if I don't wear glasses?
How can I increase the traffic to a website?	How can I get traffic in my website?
Is energy in vacuum real? How do we know that this energy that can be borrowed and returned immediately is real if virtual particles didn't exist then?	Do virtual particles in vacuum really exist?
Why do men cheat in a relationship?	Why men cheat?
How much time it will take for the beginners to learn the basic of guitars?	How much time does it take to learn an acoustic guitar?
Why is sex important in a good relationship?	Is sex really important in a relationship?
What is the safest way to delete my Yahoo account?	How do you permanently delete your Yahoo account?
What are the coldest countries in the world?	What is the coldest country in the world?
How can we earn money online without any or little investment?	Can I make money online without investing?
What will Star Wars Episode VIII be called?	What do you think Star Wars Episode VIII's title will be?
Why is Saltwater taffy candy imported in Czech Republic?	Why is Saltwater taffy candy imported in the Philippines?
How can I stop being clingy and jealous?	How do I stop being jealous of someone?
What would happen if Donald Trump drops out of the race right now?	What would happen if Donald Trump stepped down right now?
What is the life of an automobile engineer in India?	How is life of an automobile engineer in India?
What are the best institutes in Hyderabad for learning SAP Hana Cloud Integration Training?	What are the best institutes in hyderabad for learning SAP HANA?
What is the difference between USB 3.0 and USB 2.0?	What is the difference between USB 2.0 and USB 3.0?
How should I prepare for my medical entrance examination?	How do I prepare for medical entrance?
Are there really mermaids?	Is there any real proof of mermaids?
How can I make my face slimmer?	How do I make my face thinner?
How do I become emotionally and mentally strong?	How can I become mentally stronger?
Would you consider yourself attractive? Why?	Do you find yourself attractive?
How can I reduce my tummy fat with minimum of efforts?	How can I reduce my hips and tummy in less than a week?
Does life have a meaning? Are we on Earth for a reason?	Does life have some meaning?
What are some good things about Hitler which people never knew?	What are the good things about Hitler?
Why do you hate Quora?	What is the one thing you hate about Quora?
Can a person be in love with two persons at a same time?	Is it possible that a woman can be in love with 2 men at a same time?
What are the best bank exam books?	Which are the best books for bank exam?
What are the best ways to freeze pasta sauce at home?	How do you freeze pasta sauce?
Can I earn money on Quora?	Is it possible to make money as a user on Quora?
Where can I buy reliance jio 4g sim?	How can I get a jio sim?
What is your 2017 New Year’s resolution?	What are your 2017 resolutions?
Is there any proof for the existence of aliens? What about all the stories we heard about them?	What is the biggest proof till now about the existence of aliens?
How do I invest money into stock market?	What is the best way to learn about stock market?
What new features can be added to Quora for better experience?	What new features should be added to Quora?
Why nobody replies to my questions on Quora?	How come nobody is answering my questions in Quora?
What are the best local/couch co-op games for PS4?	What are the best two player games for the PS4?
Could the universe be inside a black hole?	What would be the implications if our universe existed within a black hole?
What is soap opera?	What is soap opera? Why it is called soap opera?
What makes a great problem solver?	How can I be a problem solver?
How many Hebrew people did Moses lead out of Egypt?	How many Israelites actually left Egypt?
Why does my Netflix keep buffering? How can I fix it?	How can I keep Netflix from buffering?
Could India and Pakistan unite again?	Will Pakistan and India unite one day?
Is there a way to find out if an email you sent was read?	How can I tell when someone read an email I sent them?
Can an infinite amount of dark or vacuum or gravitational energy be created with expansion?	If vacuum gravitational and dark energy are created as universe expands without limit?
What are the differences between Beats by Dre and Skullcandy headphones?	What are the differences between Beats and Skullcandy headphones?
What is your analysis of the US Presidential political debate 9/26/2016?	What do you think of the first US presidential debate?
Is it true that all Americans will have a microchip implanted in their wrist by 2017?	Is it true that by 2017 every American will have a microchip implanted in their wrists?
What is the best way to start learning programming concepts and skills?	How do I start learning programming language? Which one to start with?
What are the attractions of Munnar?	Which places should I visit in Munnar?
Why Cyrus Mistry has been removed from Tata Group?	What are your views on Cyrus Mistry being removed as Chairperson of Tata Sons?
Why are people so pessimistic?	Why are some people always pessimistic?
Which kind of videos are the most popular on YouTube?	What type of videos are popular on YouTube?
Do you how do you get meth out of your system?	Do cranberry supplements help flush meth out of your system?
What is your favorite genre of music and why?	What are your favorite music genres?
Will Google buy Quora? Why or why not?	Why doesn't Google buy Quora?
Shivaay Movie Review Rating and What Public Says ?	What is your review of Shivaay (2016 movie)?
What are the best top 10 movies of Hollywood ever?	Which is best Hollywood movie ever? Why?
How many people are in the USA?	How many people are there in the US?
Why can't India get more medals in Olympics?	Why India is so bad at Olympics? Is it because India is poor?
How can child support be unfair?	What are some examples of how child support be unfair?
What are some wonders of the ancient world?	What are the ancient 7 Wonders of the World?
Why do Americans think they're the best in the world?	Why do some Americans think America has to be the best in the world?
What makes you travel?	Why should one travel?
What will happen if the earth "suddenly stopped"?	What will happen if the earth stops rotating?
How do I stop drinking Coke and find a healthier alternative?	I want to be healthier and stop drinking soda. What are good alternatives?
What are the best ways to get startup funding?	How can I get fund for my startup like Flipboard?
What are the best ways to lose weight?	Can you offer me any advice on how to lose weight?
What is the difference between IVF surrogacy and test tube babies?	What is the difference between surrogacy and test tube baby?
Which is the latest version of Android phones?	What is the latest Version of android?
Is poverty the a key reason for terrorism?	Does poverty cause terrorism?
Can you see who viewed your Instagram?	Who viewed my profile on Instagram?
How can I earn money part time online?	How do you make easy money online?
Is yoga really good for the health?	Is yoga good for health?
How do I learn how to draw manga?	What is the best way to learn how to draw a manga?
What aspect of culture do old buildings reflect?	What aspects of culture do old buildings reflect?
What the hell is Tinder?	How is tinder?
What is the difference between a foreign language and a second language?	What's the difference between a second and a foreign language?
What are the suggestions on renewable grid integration?	What are the Suggestions for renewable energy grid integration?
What's the next big thing in digital?	What is the next big thing to dominate digital media?
Is the media unfairly biased towards Hillary Clinton?	Why is the media so biased towards Hilary Clinton?
What do I need to make a website?	What do I need to make website?
Is there life on other planets and are they more advanced than us?	Is there any other life existing except on Earth?
How do I create my own website from scratch?	Where can I create a website from scratch?
What is the salary of the field of pharmacovigilance ?	How much is the salary of a pharmacovigilance person?
What's a pin code on a phone?	What is PIN code?
What is the average cost of pool fencing service?	What will be the cost for pool fencing?
What is a rhetorical question?	Do you know what a rhetorical question is?
Why would someone cheat on their partner?	Why would someone cheat on their spouse?
How can I stop my dog from humping my furniture?	How do I stop my Pug/Cavalier mix from humping my furniture?
How do I study chemistry?	How do I study of chemistry?
Where can I get necessary legal advice and services in Sydney for property transaction?	Where can I get highest quality service at exceptional prices in Sydney for property conveyancing?
What happens to a Quora question noted as being in need of revision?	What makes a question on Quora needing improvement?
Are there any other websites like Quora?	Are there any other good communities like Quora?
Would Mr. Donald Trump be a better president than Hillary Clinton?	How is Hillary Clinton a better choice than Donald Trump?
Why is Quora still ad-free?	Why is Quora still ad free?
When will India host an Olympics?	When will India host Olympics?
Where we go after death?	Where do you go when you die?
What do you know about China?	How do you know about China?
What are major differences between C++ and Java?	What is difference between c++ and java basic not tough?
How can we earn money online without any or little investment?	How do I make money online without investment?
Pokemon go hack?	What are some best Pokemon Go cheat codes?
What's the best way to get Tomorrowland tickets?	What is the best way to get a Tomorrowland ticket?
How I can be good at handwriting?	What can I do improve my handwriting?
What do you think of the decision by the Indian Government to demonetize 500 and 1000 rupee notes?	What do you think about the ban on 500 and 1000 denomination notes in India?
Can you get pregnant on high fertility days?	Do you get pregnant on your fertile days or ovulation?
How can I specifically improve my English?	How I can improve my English communication?
What is difference between "is" and "are"?	Difference between is and are?
Can you suggest some best people to follow on Quora?	Who are the best people to be followed on Quora?
What is string theory?	What is string theory? How can I gether a clear concept about the string theory?
How can you seduce a girl for sex?	How do I get a girl into sex?
Does Donald Trump have a limited vocabulary?	Why does Donald J. Trump appear to have a limited vocabulary?
What is the best gift for best friends?	What is the best gift for a best friend?
What is the best app for photo editing?	Which is the best photo editing app available in appstore?
Why should a company go public at all?	Why would a large private company go public?
What motivates you for works?	How motivated are you at work? What motivates you?
How do I recover my Facebook password by email?	How can I log in to Facebook if I forgot my email?
Why can't India ban the import of Chinese products in India?	Why can't we just block the import of Chinese goods in India?
How much will the Macbook Pro (Retina) cost once the new Macbook Pro's release in 2016.?	How much will the current Macbook Pro be discounted when the new one is released?
What is the Ishrat Jehan encounter case? Why not Lalu Prasad Yadav can't able to drag Narendra Modi into this case yet?	What is the Ishrat Jehan encounter case? Why not Mayawati Prabhu Das can't able to drag Narendra Modi into this case yet?
How does demonetization of the 500 and 1000 notes bring down the real estate price?	What will be the effect of recent demonetization of rs500 and rs 1000 notes on the real estate or property business?
Why do you love her?	Why do I love her so much?
What is poisson distribution?	What is a Poisson distribution?
Why do I get dizzy when I stand up quickly? How do I fix this?	Why do I get dizzy after standing up at a high speed?
What is the best book ever made?	The best book you have ever read?
Why do people become famous?	How can a person become famous?
Why can't a Hindu boy marry a Muslim girl in India?	Why a Hindu boy can't marry a muslim girl in India?
What is it like working for Deloitte?	What's it like to work at Deloitte?
What are some ways to make a maze-solving robot using an ATMega32 microcontroller?	What are the ways to make a maze solving robot?
How can I reduce my belly fat through a diet?	Whats the best way to reduce belly fat?
Which book is your favorite?	Which is the best book you have ever read?
Why does Quora seemingly always tell me that my questions need improvement when they are clear and concise questions?	Why does Quora always mark my answer as need for improvement?
Is Febreze toxic?	Is febreze really toxic?
Why India is not boycotting Chinese products?	Can India ban Chinese manufactured goods?
How do I speed up my laptop?	How do I speed up my computer?
How do you take a screenshot on a Lenovo laptop?	How can I take a screenshot in a Lenovo laptop?
How can I get rid of the fat around my hips?	How to get exess fat off your hips?
What is your creative New Year's resolution for 2017?	What are some of the best New Years resolutions for 2017?
How would you describe Arvind Kejriwal?	How would you describe Arvind Kejriwal in a line?
When is it too late to learn piano?	Is it too late to learn piano at the age of 30?
Why does Quora prevent me from asking anonymous questions?	Why was I blocked from asking questions anonymously?
How do you ask a girl to have sex with you?	How can I ask a girl/boy to have sex with me without offending them?
How can I know that I am in love with a girl?	How do you know if you have fallen in love with someone and not just like them?
Do you have any experience with atarax for anxiety?	Do you have experience with atarax for anxiety?
I am not a university student but I would like to go to France and take French Language courses. What is the best way to do this?	What would be the best French language teaching school?
What are some of your favorite movie quotes?	What is your favorite movie quote? And what movie is it from?
What is a low cost book for learning python for absolute beginners?	What is the best book for learning Python easily?
Which is the best book for learning c for novice?	Which is the best book to learn programming in C for beginners?
Why World War III are inevitable?	Is world war 3 likely?
What is GST bill and how it is going to benefit middle class people?	What's the importance of GST bill in India?
Where is the endoplasmic reticulum located?	Where is the endoplasmic reticulum found?
What are the good ways to find Best Lawn Mower?	How do I find the best lawn mowers?
Free radical fragmentation reactions are unlikely candidates as termination for chain reactions. Why?	Free radical fragmentation reactions are unlikely candidates as termination for chain reaction. Why?
How should I prepare myself for civil services examination?	How do I prepare for civil service?
What are all the jumps in figure skating?	What are the jumps in figure skating and how are they performed?
Does yoga really work?	What is yoga and how does it work?
How can I make my money make money?	How did you make money fast?
What is the best book to learn body language?	What are good books to learn about body language?
What if prostitution is legal in India?	What will happen if prostitution becomes legal in India?
Do you think that the new MacBook Pro (2016) is worth it?	Should I get the new Macbook Pro?
What is so great about the Turkish Towel?	What is so great about a Turkish towel?
What are the pros and cons of doing MBA?	What are the pros and cons of having an MBA degree?
What is the solution for Quora marking your every question as needing improvement?	Why every time quora marks my question as "need improvements"?
Who is the inventor of calculator?	Who was the inventor of the calculator? What impact did this invention have?
How should I control outbursts of emotions?	How can I control my bad feelings and emotions?
How can I make money via YouTube?	What are some ways to make money from YouTube?
Who all are the seven kingdoms?	What are the Seven Kingdoms?
How do I recover a lost Gmail password?	How do you recover your Gmail password?
Why can't India get more medals in Olympics?	Why India fails to get medals in Olympics?
What is the best CMS for websites?	What Is The Best CMS And Why?
What do you think of the decision by the Indian Government to demonetize 500 and 1000 rupee notes?	What is the use of demonetizing Rs. 500 & Rs. 1000 notes?
How do I identify a business opportunity?	How can I identify market opportunities?
What is the function of a mitochondria in a cell?	What function do the mitochondria serve?
What are the best live music venues in London?	What are the best music venues in London?
What was the first question on Quora?	What was the very first question on Quora?
What as your reaction when your heard about the scraping currency notes of INR 500 and 1000?	What do you think of abolishing 500 and 1000 Rupee Currency notes by the Indian Government?
What are some of the strongest dog breeds in the world?	What are some of the strongest dog breeds in the world and what makes them so strong?
What is the Indian caste system and how does it work?	I need an explanation on caste system in India?
How can discontinuing 500 and 1000 rupee will help to control black money?	How will replacing 1000 notes with 2000 notes going to stop corruption and black money?
What are some best travel hack?	What is the best travel hacks?
What causes risk behavior?	What are the factors that cause risk behavior?
Why do people ask such questions here on Quora which could be easily found on the internet?	Why do people ask basic questions instead of searching them?
What are the best GMAT coaching in Delhi/NCR where I can get all the facilities?	Which are the best GMAT coaching institutes in Delhi/NCR?
What's the best way to get rid of house flies?	How do I get rid of baby flies in my house?
How were fossils formed?	How are fossils formed?
Is Donald Trump actually running for President or is this a giant game to him?	Does Donald Trump actually want to be president of the United States?
How do you create a second Facebook account?	How do I create a Facebook account?
Why do some people on QUORA ask questions that they can easily findout on Google?	Why do people ask Quora questions which can be answered easily by Google?
When can we test for pregnancy and when to not?	Is 4 weeks too early for pregnancy test? Why or why not?
Why does Holden Caulfield lie in The Catcher in the Rye? For what purpose?	What do you think of all the lies Holden Caulfield told in the book The Catcher in the Rye?
What are the records of Virat Kohli broken by Hashim Amla in ODIS?	What are the Virat Kohli’s ODI records broken by Hashim Amla?
What is the best way to make money on Quora?	How do I make money through Quora?
Is Jurgen Klopp overrated?	Is Jurgen Klopp an overrated manager?
What are some of the stupidest laws in the world?	What is the stupidest law?
What is scope for international students who will study ms in USA in mechanical streams?	What is the scope of pursuing MS in Mechanical from USA?
What is a layman’s description of how Brexit can affect India?	How does Brexit affect India?
How to earn online?	What are good ways to earn online?
Do bad things happen to good people? Or do bad things create good people?	Why do bad things happen to good people?
Can I be a soccer player at the age of 17?	Can you become a soccer player if you start your amateur career at age of 17?
Do you think nice guys finish last?	Is it really true that nice guys always finish last?
What are the best colleges in digital signal processing for master science degree level in and around california?	What are the best schools/colleges/universities in digital signal processing for graduate level?
Do women really enjoy anal sex?	Do women enjoy having anal sex?
How is Pilaf young again?	Why is Pilaf still a kid?
How will US fed rate hike affect INDIA?	What is US Fed rate hike? And how could it affect India?
Which is the best phone below15k?	Which is the best phone below15000?
How do I get 1TB of free data space?	How can I store 1TB of data in the cloud for free?
Why is windows phone unpopular?	Why are Windows phone more popular compared to other mobile phones?
When is the SBI IT officer exam?	When will be the next SBI IT officer exam?
Ancient Greece: What happened after the Trojan war?	What happened to the Trojans after the Trojan War?
What’s your top 10 list of horror movies?	What are the 10 greatest horror movies of all time?
Why are there different opinions among the astrologers?	Why do different astrologers give different opinions about the same horoscope?
Are conspiracy theories ever true?	Which are some of the conspiracy theories that later on proved to be true?
How do I make cake?	How does one make a cake?
Was it appropriate for Meryl Streep to use her Golden Globes speech to attack Donald Trump?	Should Meryl Streep be using her position to attack the president?
What is the single most important thing in your life right now?	What is the single most important thing in your life today?
Is Newton's 3rd law always correct?	Is newtons 3rd law always true?
What is a good website for free books?	Which are the website for Free download pdf books?
I would like to prepare for KVPY SX.How can I do it?	How should I prepare for KVPY Class 12?
Is SRCC GBO worth joining or is it a course with only a name and not any structure?	How is GBO course of SRCC in terms of placement and faculty?
How can I increase my IQ?	How can one increase and improve his IQ?
What's the best plan to lose weight?	How do I actually lose weight?
What are some great places to live near London Bridge?	What are the best places to live with children relatively near London bridge?
What is the worst thing you have done in your life?	What is the worst thing that you did in your life?
Which phone should I buy under INR 15K?	Which mobile phone is the best under 15k?
What made Tata group chairman Cyrus Mistry to quit?	Why has the Tata sons board voted to remove Cyrus Mistry as chairperson?
How can I stop comparing myself with others?	What can I do to stop hurting myself by comparing myself to others? I want to be at peace and be happy. What can I do?
Can a girl get pregnant after her last day of periods?	How do I get pregnant just after my periods?
If Pakistan wants Jammu and Kashmir then why did they give parts of Pakistan Occupied Kashmir (Shaksgam Valley) to China?	Why did Pakistan cede parts of Kashmir to China?
What does everyone think of last night’s New York debate between Donald Trump and Hillary Clinton?	What do you think about the first presidential debate between Hillary and Trump?
How do I study history efficiently for the IAS?	How do I study history for IAS?
What does a 2 months pregnant belly feel like?	What does a 2months belly look like?
What companies would you recommend to buy a used rental car from?	Is it ok to buy a used rental car?
How many calories does walking for an hour/per hour burn?	How many calories would you lose by walking for an hour?
Is it safe to use liquid bandage on my dog?	Is it safe to use liquid bandages on my dog?
What secrets do women not want men to know?	What are the secrets that women don't want to tell to men?
When people are watching the indian serials?	When people are watching the indian TV serials?
How do you reset your Motoblur?	How can you reset a Motoblur?
Why did Indian government scrap Rs 1000 and 500 note and instead is introducing Rs 2000 note?	Why has government taken out rs 2000 note?
What's your favorite James Bond movie?	What is your favorite James Bond movie and why?
How do I create my own website from scratch?	How can I learn to create a website from scratch?
What are the best new camping gadgets that most people don't know about?	What are some mind-blowing camping adventure gadgets that exist that most people don't know about?
What's the purpose of life? What is life actually about?	What should the purpose of your life?
When can we expect humans to go to Mars?	When can human possibly go and land on Mars?
How can Khan Academy be improved?	What can Khan Academy do to improve its platform?
How can I apply to join Accenture?	What is the placement process of Accenture?
Bicycle Mechanics & Maintenance: Is it possible to clean the rust from a bike chain?	How do you get rust off a bike chain?
How can I speaking fluently speaking English?	How will I improve my spoken English?
Who is by far the best politician of India?	Who is the best politician in India? Why?
What are some overrated things in life?	What are the most overrated things in life?
How Do I become a product manager?	How do I become a good product manager?
Has anyone been arrested for downloading torrent in India?	Has anybody in India been arrested recently for accessing torrent sites?
Can you get high from eating weed? Why or why not?	What's the best way to get high from eating weed and why?
What is the weirdest thing you have Googled?	What is the weirdest thing you searched on the Internet?
How can some people still believe the world is flat?	Why do some people still think the Earth is flat?
How can I lose 30 pounds in 30 days with a workout plan?	What is the fastest way to lose 30 pounds in 1 month?
How can I find a job I really like?	How do I fInd a job that I really want?
What would you like to see in the next Elder Scrolls game?	How can the next Elder Scrolls game improve over Skyrim?
Why is sex stigmatized?	Why is/was sex so stigmatized?
Where can I get comprehensive written advice in Sydney for any property transaction?	Where can I get very smooth and uncomplicated assistance in Sydney for any property transaction?
Where can I get cheap and best clothings at Bangalore?	How do I get cheap cloths in Bangalore?
Which are the best books for the AFCAT?	What are the best books to prepare for Afcat?
I want to ask a question how it feels when penis enters into vagina?	How does it feel like when the peanis enters the vagina?
How you ever been raped?	Have you been raped?
What can I do in Cancun?	What are the best things to do in Cancun?
Does it cost money to make an app?	What does it cost to make an app?
Why do people think Trump is racist?	Why do some people consider Donald Trump Jam racist?
I can't remember my Apple ID and my email but I know my Apple ID password. How can I know what's my email and Apple ID?	I forgot both my Apple ID and password. What should I do?
What are crop circles?	What is the scientific explanation of crop circles?
Do you think that some people can predict the future?	Can some people really predict the future?
Is IIT-JEE the toughest exam on the earth?	Is the IIT-JEE (Indian Institute Of Technology Joint Entrance Exam) the toughest entrance exam out there?
Does beer makes you fat?	Does beer make you fat?
What are the things that we can do to bring change in Indian education system?	How can India revamp its education system?
Would God make you blind for watching porn?	Will God make you go blind for watching porn?
What are the best places for a bike road trip in India?	Which are the best bike road trips in India and why?
What are the effects of long term sleep deprivation?	What are the health effects of extended sleep deprivation?
What is the current status in comparative public administration?	What is the current status comparative public administration?
How do I get instagram followers for free really fast?	Where can I get free Instagram followers?
How do you know when you've found the right girl?	How do you know when you've found "the one"?
Why does my vision go blurry and grey and I feel pressure in my head when I stand up from laying down?	Why when I suddenly stand up does my vision go black gradually with sudden dizziness for a few seconds?
Why does India feel insecure with CPEC?	Why is India trying to sabotage CPEC?
Why do people often ask questions in Quora while they can Google it themselves?	Why do people ask questions here in Quora instead of just googling?
What are some interesting things to think/daydream about?	What are some good things to daydream about?
How can I use a dji phantom to make money	How do I make money with a drone.?
How do I gain weight in a healthy way?	What should I do to gain some weight?
What will it take for India and Pakistan to be good friends?	Can India and Pakistan become good friends?
How does it feel having sex for the first time?	How did you feel when you had sex for the first time?
How do i succeed in learning a new language?	What is the best method to learn new language?
What are the some lesser known fact about Indian railways?	What are some of the lesser known facts of Indian railways?
How can I lose body fat in my belly and chest?	How do I get rid of belly fat and thigh fat?
What is the fastest way to catch a mouse?	What is the best way to catch a mouse?
What is the geocentric theory and what is an example?	What is a geocentric theory and what is an example of it?
How do I overcome social anxiety in public places?	What are the best ways to overcome my social anxiety?
Why do people ask questions on Quora that are easily to find answers too on Google?	Why do so many people ask questions on Quora that can be easily answered by any number of legitimate sources on the Web? Have they not heard of Google or Bing?
Why does Quora prevent me from asking anonymous questions?	Why am I blocked from asking questions under anonymous basis on Quora?
What to do on the internet when bored?	What should I do on the internet when I am bored?
Why is Saltwater taffy candy imported in Switzerland?	Why is Saltwater taffy candy imported in Mongolia?
Is sex important for relationships?	Is sex really that important in maintaining long term happy relationship?
Why do some people want to become a model?	Why do people wanna be a model?
What are the first businesses to produce trillionaires?	What are the first businesses to produce the first trillionaires?
What is the best place to get a hair transplant in Bangalore?	Which is the Best hair transplant centre in Bangalore?
Who have the highest iq?	Who has the highest recorded IQ of all time?
Why do certificates do not have photographs?	Why certificates do not have photographs?
What are the ways to make online money in india?	What's the easiest way to make money online from India?
How does the HP OfficeJet 4620 Airprint compare to the HP DesignJet Z5200 44-in Photo Printer?	How does the HP OfficeJet 4620 Airprint compare to the HP DesignJet T1530 36-in PostScript Printer?
How can i learning programming?	What is the the best way to learn programming?
If I block someone of WhatsApp will I still be able to see their profile picture updates?	Could someone still see my profile picture if they blocked me on WhatsApp?
Is there anyway to retrieve my deleted emails from my Gmail account?	How do I recover deleted emails in my gmail account?
What are the pros and cons of Linux over Windows?	What are pros and cons of Windows vs Linux?
What were the best movies of 2016? Why?	What movie is the best movie of 2016?
What is the longest time you've stayed awake?	What's the most time you have stayed up awake?
What should I do to get cellular companies to install a mobile tower on my plot of land in India?	How can I install a tower in my plot?
What is the best thing you've ever learned on Quora?	What have you learned by using Quora?
Nobody is answering my question in Quora. Does it mean my questions are stupid or people around me are stupid?	How come nobody is answering my questions in Quora?
What is the age limit to pursue a PhD?	What age is considered too old to get a PhD?
What are your New Year's resolutions for 2017?	What are the resolutions you are going to take for the upcoming New year 2017?
Can humans as a species run out of drinking water?	What's the possibility of planet Earth running out of drinking water?
What is the best country for immigration?	Which is the best country to migrate?
How can you get rid of infected pimples?	What are the safest ways to get rid of infected pimples?
How do I log out from Quora website?	How do you log out of Quora?
How are 2D arrays allocated dynamically?	How do I declare Three 2D arrays dynamically in C?
What is the sense of life?	What is the meanings of life?
How can I like math?	What can I do to like math?
Why does drinking coffee make you poop?	Why does coffee make you poop?
Why do attractive people seem to get away with a lot more than those who are not as attractive?	What are some things attractive people can get away with (but not less attractive individuals)?
Which is the best Indian movie?	What are some best Indian movies?
Will there really be any war between India and Pakistan over the Uri attack? What will be its effects?	What are the chances of war between India and Pakistan and its effects on India's economy?
What do Israelis think about Ilan Pappe and his views on the conflict?	What do Israelis think about Ilan Pappé?
What are the best ways in which college student can invest money?	What is the best way for a college student to invest his money?
Do boys height increase after 18?	Does the height increase after the age of 20 in boys?
What is the importance of jurisprudence in law? How is such role guaranteed?	What role jurisprudence should play in law?
What causes a bad person to become a good one?	Can a bad person become good?
How should I handle Imposter syndrome?	Could anybody explain to me how to manage the imposter syndrome?
What are some possible explanations for spontaneous human combustion?	How does spontaneous human combustion occur?
How do I find what might be called 'absolute' knowledge?	What is absolute knowledge?
How can I increase the traffic on my blog (www.midnightexpressions.wordpress.com)?	How can I increase the traffic on my website?
How do I get internship at Google ?	How can I get an internship at Google?
How can I become a millionaire on Amazon? What products can I sell between 150 to 350?	How can I become a millionaire on Amazon? What products can I sell between 150 to 250?
Why didn't Google have Motorola make its Nexus branded Android devices?	Why didn't Google build Nexus using its own Motorola rather than going to LG? Did Google really make effective use of Motorola Mobility?
What are some facts about Goa?	What are the facts about Goa?
What was the best day of your life? (Excluding family things like births)	How did you spend the best day of your life?
Why are Swiss watches expensive?	Why are Swiss watches so expensive?
I'm in class 12. When is the right time to prepare for IAS?	I'm in class 12 and having non medical. When is the right time to prepare for IAS?
What about PM Narendra Modi's speech in kerala where he compares Kerala with Somalia?	What do you think of modi's speech in kerala election campaign recently?
Quora: How to ask question on Quora so that it wont get marked as needing improvement?	Why do all of my questions get marked as needing improvement?
Can we travel in time?	Could humans ever travel back in time?
What are your new year resolutions for 2017?	What are your resolutions for 2017? And why?
Which is the best laptop other than MAC?	Is the Apple Mac better than any other laptop?
What are the best new Car gadgets that most people don't know about?	What are some mind-blowing Car tools that exist that most people don't know about?
How can I change my mind state?	How can I change my state of mind quickly?
What are some laws related to media in India?	What are the Indian laws related to media?
How do I start preparing for civil services exam?	How do I prepare for civil service exam?
What is Hillary Clinton's plan to deal with ISIS?	What is Hillary Clinton’s plan to deal with ISIS?
What is a stator?	What is stator?
What is the most revolutionary money making idea?	What is the most ingenious money making idea?
What are some of the worst movies of Bollywood?	Which movie is worst movie of Bollywood?
How do you train your German Shepherd/Golden Retriever mix to track a scent?	How do you train a Black Lab/Coonhound mix to track a scent?
What is the difference between Oracle JDK and Open JDK?	What difference between OpenJDK and Oracle JDK?
What is the logic behind scrapping of 500 and 1000 rupee notes by the Indian Government?	What led Indian government to remove 500 and 1000 rs notes from circulation? Will be able to remove black economy?
How did the agricultural revolution affect the world?	Why is the Agricultural Revolution considered so important in history?
How can I apply online for issuance of PAN card in India?	How do I apply for pan card in bank?
How can you track a person by phone number?	Can you find someone by their phone number?
How do you find the Apple IMEI number of an iPhone?	How can I get my lost iPhone IMEI number back?
Which hotel is the best hotel in varanasi?	Which Varanasi best hotel is comfortable for staying with family?
How do bananas help to whiten teeth?	How can banana peels whiten teeth?
Why do all of my questions on Quora need improvement?	Is there a way on Quora to ask why a specific question was marked as needs improvement?
Why do I get bored with people so quickly?	Why do I usually get bored of people?
Would I be able to hire two private investigators and then get them to follow each other?	What would happen if I got two private investigators to follow each other?
Will Donald Trump be a good President?	Why will Donald Trump be a good president?
What is the best way to prepare for the theoretical part of the CA Final Exam?	What is the best way to prepare for CA final law and audit?
What does Richard Muller think of human colonization on Mars?	What does Richard muller think about human colonization on Mars?
Why do we get Nightmares?	What are the main causes of nightmares?
What's the difference between a business model and an industry model?	What is the difference between a business model and an industry model?
What are the top 5 best catches in the world for cricket?	What are some of the best catches in the history of Cricket?
How do I stop a Pointer/Boxer mix puppy from chewing my shoes?	How do I get my dachshund to stop chewing furniture?
What are the best sarcastic one liners you've heard?	What is the best sarcastic one-liner you have heard?
How do you differentiate between a Boeing and an Airbus?	What is the difference between boeing and airbus?
How do you repair cracked leather seats?	How can I repair leather seats?
What app can I use to track my husband with his phone by using my phone?	Can I track or locate my husband without his phone by using my phone?
How can I clear my acne?	How can I get rid of my acne?
What is it like to be a special education professor?	What's it like to be a teacher for special education students?
Do people post questions in Quora just so that they can skip searching in Google for a few minutes?	Why do people ask basic questions instead of searching them?
What is light caused by?	How is light created?
How do I lose 20 kgs in a year?	How can one lose 20 kg in one year?
How can I find my hidden talents?	What are the ways to find the hidden talent in me?
On Quora how do I change the generic blue profile pic to a photo I want?	How can I change my profile pic on Quora?
Why is Saltwater taffy candy imported in The Bahamas?	Why is Saltwater Taffy candy imported in Portugal?
What is the best online resource to learn Python?	What is the best online resources to learn Python?
What should be done to go from physically unattractive to attractive?	How do I transform myself from physically unappealing to physically attractive?
Daniel Ek: Why spotify is not available in India for free?	Is Spotify available in India?
What causes dizziness after laughing?	What causes dizziness when laughing?
Who is the current Prime Minister of India?	Who is the  Prime Minister of India?
Was Flappy Bird an addictive game?	Is Flappy Bird one of the most addictive games?
What is your biggest regret for not doing something?	What’s your biggest regret that you have in your life so far?
How do cats burp?	Do cats burp?
Can Donald Trump still win the 2016 U.S. Presidential Election?	Did Trump win the election?
How do you become the top writer on Quora?	How can I become a Top Writer on Quora?
What is software development life cycle?	What is software development lifecycle?
How can I learn Deep Learning quickly?	How do beginners learn deep learning?
Which is the costliest alcohol in the world?	Which is the costliest liquor in world?
Why is everyone annoying?	Why do I find everyone annoying?
How can I ignore someone?	What is the best way to ignore someone?
What do I need to know before learning algorithms?	What do you need to know to learn algorithms?
What happens if I drink bleach?	What will happen if I drink a glass of bleach?
Is make up sex good?	Is make up sex hotter than average sex? Why?
What causes depression in humans?	What are the main causes of depression?
What are the various ways through which one can earn money online?	How do we make money online?
How do I convert mp3 file to midi file?	What is the best way to convert mp3 to midi?
What is biological magnification and how is it done?	What is Biological magnification?
Is it right decision to replace Raghuram Rajan by Urjit Patel?	How much urjit Patel Suits to RBI as a governor: compare with Raghuram Rajan sir?
How is the story behind your country's national flag?	What does your country's National Flag imply?
Is it possible to build a very primitive quantum computer at home?	Is it possible to make a quantum computer at home? If yes what equipments do I need?
What are the best online courses available for digital business and marketing management?	Digital Marketing colleges in India?
What are the good things about working for a big companies?	What’re the good things about working for a big company?
What are common goods? What are some examples?	What are some examples of common good?
Is education a Jewish tradition?	Why is education important to Jewish people?
Which political party will win Punjab Assembly Elections 2017 and why?	Which party has the best chance of victory in Punjab Assembly Election 2017?
Is 1 a prime?	Is 1 a prime number?
What is the best way to improve self-confidence?	How do I improve on my self-confidence?
What was your weirdest dating experience?	What was the weirdest dating experience you have ever had?
What is a sure way to commit suicide?	What is the most effective way to suicide?
What are benefits of change in ₹500 ₹1000 notes?	How will discontinuing ₹500 and ₹1000 notes affect India's economy?
Can you describe the best moment or the best day in your life?	Can you share best day of your life?
What is the most important thing?	What is the most important thing you have ever had?
Which are the best ways to lose weight?	What is the best guide to lose unwanted pounds?
How do landscape photographers make money?	How do you make money off of landscape photography?
Why is it so difficult for us to smell our own bad breath?	We can very well smell our own fart and BO. How is it that we are so oblivious to the exact smell of our own breath?
How I hack Facebook account?	How can a Facebook account be hacked?
Which one is better Linux OS? Ubuntu or Mint?	Which one is better: Linux Mint or Ubuntu?
How is the life in North Korea?	How is life really like in North Korea?
What is the best way I can improve my resume?	What I should I do to improve my Resume?
What are the best books on contemporary history of India?	Which are the best books to read on Indian history?
Who will be the next President of America and Why?	Who would be the next president of America?
Which is the funniest GIF you have ever seen?	What are some of the funniest GIFs you have ever seen?
What are the safety precautions on handling shotguns proposed by the NRA in Idaho?	What are the safety precautions on handling shotguns proposed by the NRA in California?
How should I improve my English vocabulary to communicate with others?	How improve vocabulary in English?
How is your experience with using Stack Overflow Jobs to find jobs?	What was your experience using Stackoverflow jobs?
Can meth be detected in a urine test if last used was Thursday night and the test was tuesday morning?	Can meth be detected in urine after nine days?
What can I work on to get better at basketball?	What can I do when I have nothing to do to get better at basketball?
Which coaching prepares the best civil services GS notes/materials?	Which coaching prepares you the best for civil services GS notes/materials?
What are some amazing facts about the Ramasetu?	What are some amazing fact about Ramsetu?
Where do I buy gift wrap online?	Where's the best place to buy wrapping paper online?
How do I stop worrying about what others think of me?	What can I do to stop worrying what others think?
What's the best why to start up a cafe?	What is the best way to start a café?
What is the best FILM you have ever seen?	Which is the best movie you ever watched?
What are some good ways to get your own Wikipedia page?	What do I need to do to have my own Wikipedia page?
What is the law of demand?	What is the law of demand? How can it be explained?
Why does Turkey ignore all the documents about the Armenian Genocide?	Why hasn't Turkey acknowledged the Armenian Genocide?
How can I increase traffic on blogspot blogger?	What is the best way to promote blogspot Blogs and increase traffic?
What is backlink?	What is a backlink?
Is Europe a continent?	Why is europe a continent?
What should I do to overcome my anger?	What can one do to control his/her anger?
What are the safety precautions on handling shotguns proposed by the NRA in Georgia?	What are the safety precautions on handling shotguns proposed by the NRA in New Jersey?
What are some simple math tricks that you can apply in your daily life?	What are some cool math tricks you can use in your everyday life?
How can ı improve my speaking skills in English?	How can I improve my speaking in english?
How can I see who viewed my instagram?	How can I see who viewed my Instagram video?
How do I develop my presence of mind?	How can a person build his/her presence of mind?
Is the Human Hair a good Conductor of electricity?	Is hair a conductor of electricity?
Why shouldn’t I visit your country?	Why I shouldn't visit your country?
What are the career prospects as Assistant Manager (System) in State Bank of India?	What is the salary and job of Assistant Manager (System) in State Bank of India?
What does a movie studio do?	What do movie studios actually do?
What is the most upvoted answer of all time on Quora?	What is the most viewed and most up voted answer on Quora?
How can I earn money from my Facebook page?	How can one earn money with a Facebook page?
How can I get back my hacked Instagram account?	How do I hack an Instagram account?
How can I win in UGC Net Exam in English literature?	What is the best way to prepare for ugc net dec 2015 for english literature?
How is time travel possible?	Is time travel possible? If yes? How?
What are disadvantages of masturbating?	What are advantages and disadvantages of masturbation?
What are the differences between a runway and a taxiway?	What is the difference b/w runway and taxiway?
How can I be more ambitious?	How do I become ambitious?
What is the best source to learn c#?	What are the best source to learn C#?
What are the top 10 books one should read in his or her early 20s?	What are the books to be read in your early 20s?
What is the ideal time and number of hours one should sleep?	How much time is a human being required to sleep?
What is difference between CV And Resumé?	What are the diffrenece between CV and resume?
How will be the world after 100 years?	What will it be like after a 100 years from now?
How can we have better sleep?	What are some tips for getting better sleep?
Can civilization survive without laws?	Will mankind survive without laws?
Why do tornadoes occur in Tornado Alley?	What are the special conditions found in tornado alley that make tornadoes possible?
What will the real estate look like now after the 500 and 1000 scraping?	How does the declaration that Rs 500 and Rs 1000 notes would not be accepted as valid transactions affect real estate in India?
How did you develop writing skills?	How have you developed your writing skills?
Which penny stocks are worth investing in India?	Is it worth investing in penny stocks trading in BSE or NSE?
What is best source for start learning digital marketing?	What is the best platform/media/source to learn digital marketing?
How do you deal with people who talk behind your back?	How do you deal with peers talking behind your back?
Why do I get bored easily?	Why do I get bored with things so quickly and easily?
Why do people often ask questions in Quora while they can Google it themselves?	Why do people ask questions on Quora that can easily be answered by Google?
Can I become pregnant even when using condoms?	Will my girlfriend become pregnant when I use condom?
Which blood group is a universal donor?	Which blood group is the universal donor?
What's the best way to stop procrastinating?	What's the best way to stop procrastination?
How are Aboriginal people treated in Australia?	How are the indigenous Aboriginal people treated in Australia?
Why was my question marked as "needs improvement?"	When a question on Quora is marked as 'needing improvement" does that make it invisible?
How do you deal with conservative parents?	What are the best ways to deal with conservative and conventional thinking parents?
How do I get over my porn addiction?	How do I self rehab from masturbation and porn addiction?
What will become of the ISS after it is decommissioned?	What would happen to the ISS when it is decommissioned?
How do you know if you're in love?	How do you know if you are in love? How do you know its not just chemicals in your brain trying to trick you to reproduce?
How do I put up my profile photo on Quora? It doesn't have an option.	How do I use my picture as my profile picture on Quora?
Do plants respond to music?	Are plants affected by music?
How do I really make money online?	What is make money online?
How will black money and corruption be stopped by banning 500 and 1000 notes?	Would demonetization of 500 and 1000 rupee notes actually help in curbing black money in India?
How can I add text next to an image using HTML?	How can I add text on top of an image using HTML?
What are the best places to visit in Kerala? What is the best way of transportation there?	What are the best places to visit in Kerala for 3 to 4 days?
What is the importance of Shaligram?	What is the significance of Shaligram?
What goes through your mind when you are about to give a speech on television in front of millions of people watching you?	What goes through your mind when you are about to give a speech on television in front of millions of people?
What are some examples of an inclined plane that help explain what it is?	What are some examples of inclined planes in daily life?
What happened on New Year’s Eve? Who is responsible for the Bengaluru mass molestation?	What are the reasons behind the Bangalore incident on New Year’s Eve? Why did it happen?
What are the uses for vegetable glycerin?	What are some uses for vegetable glycerine?
What is the best way to control our emotions?	Does our mind control our emotions?
How do I make money fast?	How I can make money fast?
Why are so many questions are asked anonymously in Quora nowadays?	Why do so many people ask or answer questions anonymously in Quora?
What is a subsistence economy? What are some examples?	What are the examples of a subsistence economy?
What were the effects and consequences of the Agricultural Revolution?	What were the effects of the Agricultural Revolution?
What does it feel like to be disowned by your parents after coming out as gay?	What does it feel like to be disowned by your family after coming out as gay?
What are your favorite questions asked on Quora?	What are your favorite Quora questions and answers?
How much is possible to make career good by switching from advertising to game design studio?	How much possibilities to make career good by switching from advertising to game design studio?
What's the first thing in your mind after you wake up?	What is the first thought that comes to your mind when you wake up in the morning?
Which programming language do we need to code for drones?	Which programming language should we use to code for drones?
How do I get into University of Pennsylvania Jerome Fisher M&T Program?	University of Pennsylvania: How selective is the Jerome Fisher M&T Program?
What do you think of Prime Minister Narendra Modi's decision to introduce new INR 500 and INR 2000 currency notes?	What do you think about Modi's new policy on the ban of Rs 500 and Rs 1000 notes?
What is the best Angular 2 course?	What is the best Angular 2 course out there?
How do I download all the videos from Investopedia?	How can I download a video from Investopedia?
What are the disadvantages of "GST" bill in India?	What are the disadvantages of GST?
Why do Indian Muslims hate P.M. Narendra Modi?	Do all muslims hate Prime Minister Narendra Modi and RSS?
Who is more likely to win the upcoming World Chess Championship between Magnus Carlsen and Sergey Karjakin?	Who will win the the world chess championship: Magnus Carlsen or Sergey Karjakin?
Which is the best international school in Bangalore?	Which are the good international schools in Bangalore?
Which mobile phone should I buy under Rs.15000?	Which is the best phone under ₹15000?
Would my myopia get worse if I don't wear glasses?	Will my eyesight get worse if I don't wear prescription glasses?
Bollywood: What is your favorite dialogue from Indian movies?	What are the most profound lines of dialogue or monologue from bollywood movies?
How many medals will India win in Rio Olympics?	How many Gold medels will India win in Rio olympics 2016?
What are the best ways to lose weight?	How do i lose weight?
How do I impress girls?	How do I impress a girl on chat?
How can I help my cat that is scared of everything?	How can you deal with a cat that is scared of everything?
How the politics can be studied?	How politics can be studied?
How does your height increase?	How do I increase my height after 16?
How do I prepare for elitmus test?	When should I take the eLitmus test and how should I prepare for it?
What's the best pickup line you have heard?	What are the best pickup line(s) you've ever heard?
How will the new Star Wars movies be handled now that Carrie Fisher has died? Have they finished filming episodes 8 and 9?	What will happen to the character of Leia in StarWars now that Carrie fisher has died?
Why did Buddha not believe in God?	Why did Buddha say there is no God?
What are the safety precautions on handling shotguns proposed by the NRA in Washington?	What are the safety precautions on handling shotguns proposed by the NRA in Kentucky?
What is the algorithm used for random number generation?	Which algorithm is used to generate a random number?
How will Trump becoming President affect India?	What will be the effects of Donald Trump being the US president on India?
How much time do you need to spend on Quora to become a top writer?	How do you become the top writer on Quora?
How can a male masturbate?	How do males masturbate?
How do online grocery stores make a profit?	How do online grocery stores are making profits?
What are the best technology inventions?	What are some of the best technology inventions gadgets?
Can I join in the US military as a foreigner?	Can someone from a foreign military join the US military?
How can I manipulate anyone?	What is the best way to manipulate others?
What are the biggest problems of using an air fryer?	What is the biggest problem of using an air fryer?
What is Hillary Clinton's policy towards India-US relations?	What are Hillary Clinton's plans for India?
What is the best iPhone app and why?	Which is the best app to keep on your iPhone?
Is Magical Girl anime genre underrated in America?	Why us Magical Girl anime genre underrated in America?
What are the advantages of Python over Ruby?	What are the advantages of Ruby over Python?
How do trading in stock markets work?	How does stock trading work?
Do women also enjoy sex?	Can women actually enjoy sex? And How?
What are the upcoming hackathons in India in 2016?	What are the upcoming hackathons in India in 2016 ? Is there no place where we can get all this Info?
What happens when you lose your virginity?	What it's like to lose your virginity?
How communication skill can be improved ?	How communication skill can be improved?
Which app to download YouTube videos?	What is the best app to download YouTube video?
Is masturbation once a day good?	Is masturbating once a day bad?
What are some good senior prank ideas?	What are some good senior pranks to do?
Where can I get huge selection of floor tiles in Sydney?	Where can I found wide variety of ceramic tiles in Sydney?
What is the most painful thing you have ever experienced?	What is the most painful thing you have experienced?
If universe is expanding without a limit and dark and vacuum energy are created as it expands…?	If universe expands without limit is there infinite potential energy that transforms into kinetic energy (of expansion) all the time?
What are the different types of journalism?	What are different types of journalism?
What is the aftermath of trump winning the presidential election?	What would be the immediate repercussions of Trump winning the Presidential elections (its inevitable now)?
How do I improve my English speaking?	How I can improve my English communication?
What are the best java books?	Which is the best book for java programming?
What are some mind-blowing wallets gadgets that exist that most people don't know about?	What are some mind-blowing safe wallets that exist that most people don't know about?
Do Quora users still see questions that are marked as needing improvement?	Why do all of my questions on Quora need improvement?
How do I make a 1980 bedroom theme look older?	How do I make a 1980's bedroom theme more grown up?
Wwe is real fight?	Is WWE Really fake?
Where can I watch free streaming movies online?	Where can I watch full movies online for free?
What is the best way to reset a Netgear router?	How can I restart my Netgear router?
Why nobody answer my questions in Quora?	Why do people never answer my question on Quora?
Which is your favourite Tv serial?	What is you favorite TV program?
What is a good pet for a small child?	What is a good pet to get for a child that is only 6?
What is the worst way to die?	Most painful way to die?
What is the best exercise for belly fat?	What are the best cardio exercises for skinny people that have lower belly fat?
What will be the legacy of Donald Trump's 2016 presidential campaign?	What do you expect President Trump's legacy to be?
What are the most unhealthy foods that people eat frequently?	What's the most unhealthy food that people eat regularly?
What are the best ways to fuck a lady?	How will I fuck a lady?
Would you start selling food from your home?	Would you sell food from your home if you can? Why or why not?
Does drinking beer daily help in gaining weight?	Does beer help in weight gain?
Why do tamil people love Rajnikant so much?	Why do Tamil people love Rajnikanth so much despite he being Marathi?
What makes a qualified doctor successful or failed?	What makes a successful doctor?
What causes kidney failure?	How would your kidney goes into failure?
Can people leave North Korea?	How do people leave North Korea?
Is there any minimum office area required to register Private Limited Company in India now?	Is there no minimum office area required to register Private Limited Company in India now?
Is it fine to like a 13 year old girl if I'm 18?	I'm a 13 year old girl dating an 18 year old guy because I love him. What do you think about this?
How does a person learn how to hack?	How does one learn how to hack?
How old were you in your earliest memory of yourself?	What's your earliest memory and how old were you?
What are some logical fallacies that have been used in the presidential debates?	What were the logical fallacies used in the presidential debate of 2016?
How do I significantly improve my grades?	How do I improve my grades?
Are bankers aware that the French word “Mort Gage” means death contract?	Are banks aware that the word Mort Gage means death grip?
Is there anyone who talks to me?	Is there anyone to talk to me?
Which are some of the best outsourcing companies for startups?	What are some good outsourcing companies for new startup businesses?
Why do people say that time is an illusion?	What do people mean when they say time is an illusion?
When should you take pre-workout supplements for maximum effectiveness?	When should you take a pre-workout supplement?
How can I make money fast from Youtube?	How can I make money on YouTube?
What is your biggest insecurity?	What are your biggest insecurities?
What do You plan for the New Year?	What are your plans for this new year?
What is an electronic cloud?	What is electron cloud?
What are the best ways to get rid of boredom?	What the best way(s) to fight boredom?
What is difference between probability and possibility?	What is the difference between possibility and probability?
How is Samsung Galaxy S7 compared to iPhone 6s Plus?	Which is better: the iPhone 6S Plus or the Samsung Galaxy S7 Edge?
What are the advantages of adding railway budget to general budget?	What will be the benifits of merging railway budget with general budget?
What is a quarter-wave plate?	What is a Quarter wave plate?
What are the safety precautions on handling shotguns proposed by the NRA in Washington?	What are the safety precautions on handling shotguns proposed by the NRA in Florida?
What is your favourite quote from a book?	What is your favorite quote from a book?
What led to Cyrus Mistry ouster from TATA GROUP?	Why TATA sons replaced Cyrus Mistry to Ratan TATA?
How can I help my alcoholic friend?	Can you do something to help an alcoholic friend? How?
Why should I learn phrasal verbs?	What's the best way to learn phrasal verbs?
What are the pros to study medicine in Ukraine?	What are pros to study medicine in Ukraine?
Can I use Nivea creme on my face?	Can NIVEA cream be used on our face? How good is it?
How can I stop eating junk and processed food addiction and stay healthy?	How can I stop eating junk food and sugar/sugary foods?
What are the best made wigs?	What is the best wig brand?
Are we near World War 3?	Is World War III on its way right now?
How do I stop resenting and hating someone?	How do I stop hating someone who hurt me?
What do you want from life?	What do you want more of in your life?
What is an elliptical orbit?	What is a elliptical orbit?
Which one is the best way to invest money?	What will be the best way to invest money?
How can you fix an iPod that will not retain a charge?	How do I fix my iPod if it won't stay charged?
How did coding change your life?	How coding changed your life?
How many questions may I ask on Quora?	What is the maximum amount of questions one can answer in a day on Quora?
Which is the best to-do list app for reminders and task management?	What is the best to do list app?
Will robots take most jobs?	Will robots and artificial intelligence take over our jobs?
What are the Black Friday deals for 2016?	What are the best Black Friday deals and discount coupons?
What is the best penis size that women consider?	What penis size do women prefer?
Where can I buy affordable and beautiful birthday cakes across the Gold Coast?	Where can I get a very special cake at an affordable price in Gold Coast?
How do I become a business analyst?	How can I became a business analyst?
Daniel Ek: When an we expect Spotify in India?	Daniel Ek: Why isn't Spotify coming to India instead of the huge internet consumption India has?
Why do India's nuclear scientists keep dying mysteriously?	Why do nuclear scientists in India keep dying? Why isn't the government or media requesting answers?
Anybody wants know to know how you can make an extra $1000 a month?	How can I make an extra $2000 this month?
How many subscribers does freedompop have today?	How many subscribers does freedompop have?
What are some good ways to pass time?	What is the best way to pass time?
What are the aptitude questions asked in aryaka networks?	What are aryaka networks aptitude questions?
What is your all time favorite book?	What is your favourite book?
Why Indian government abruptly announced the demonetization of 500 and 1000 rupees currency?	What do you think of the decision by the Indian government to demonetize 500 and 1000 rupee notes?
Who are the youngest "self-made" billionaires in world history?	Who are the world youngest billionaires?
Can you suggest how to plan Goa trip for 4 days?	How do I plan a 7 day trip to Goa that covers the most beautiful places?
How can I see who my boyfriend views on instagram?	Who views Instagram?
What is the worst thing your parents have ever said to you?	What's the worst thing your parent has ever said to you?
When I am around the girl I am in love with I get nervous.What should I do?	I am 23. I am shy and unable to talk to any girl because i get nervous and freaked out around them. What is the solution?
Can you tell me about black holes?	Will you tell me about black holes?
How can I get meth out of my system ASAP?	How can I flush meth out of my blood?
Are we living in a simulation?	Are we living in a matrix?
How does one become more consistent?	How can one be more consistent?
What are the things on your bucket list?	What are the top 10 things that you want to do on your bucket list?
What is the best digital marketing course online for a beginner?	Where can I get the best digital marketing course (online & offline) in India?
What is the national language of India?	Which is the national language of India?
What are the best luxury e-commerce websites?	What are the best luxurious e-commerce websites?
How can I found local business directories in Australia?	Local business directory list Australia?
What is the best comedy movies you have been watched?	What is the best comedy movie ever?
How can you make a friend?	How do I make friend?
What should I do when I feel bored?	What should I do when im bored?
What's the process to become pilot in India?	How can I become a pilot in India that too a commercial pilot?
How should I break up smoothly without hurting her much?	How do I breakup with my girl without hurting her sentiments?
What is the greatest compliment someone has ever given you?	What is the best compliment you have ever received?
What is JVM? Why is Java called the platform independent programming language?	Why do we call Java as platform independent whereas JVM is dependent on the OS ?
Is demonetisation good or bad for India?	Is the demonitization good or bad for India?
Why and how were central banks first created?	What is the concept behind formation of Central Banks all across the world? Why were they created?
Why does Gallium "melt" Aluminum?	Why does Gallium 'eat' Aluminium?
Why are men cheats?	Why do men have to cheat?
How can I prepare for CA CPT 2017?	How can I prepare to do CA capt?
What are sun rays? What are they made up of?	What are sun rays made up of?
Does true love exist?	Does true love exist in the world?
Who really is the richest man in the world?	Who's the richest man in the world?
What are the best places for sex tourism in the world?	What is the best sex tourism destination in the world?
How can I get a complete list of all old Gmail accounts in my name?	How can I find all my old Gmail accounts?
Why does Arvind Kejriwal always comment against Modi?	Why is Arvind Kejriwal fighting against Narendra Modi?
Are social networking sites turning many of us into narcissists?	Have social networking sites made people more narcissistic?
Who is the most recommended neurologist in Mumbai?	Which neurologist is mostly recommended in Mumbai?
what is the purpose of an alumni association?	What must be the main purpose of Alumni Associations?
Why do Democrats not care that Hillary Clinton was not indicted although the director of the FBI said she did have classified emails on her server?	Why do democrats not care that Hillary Clinton wasnt indicted although the director of the FBI said she did have classified emails on her server?
What is an otaku?	What is otaku?
Why is being emotional considered a weakness?	Is being emotional a sign of weakness?
What do Clinton supporters think of her outrageous lies?	What do Clinton supporters say when confronted with her scandals such as the emails and 'Clinton Cash'?
How can I become a sperm donor?	What should I do to become a sperm donor?
Find me western clothing factory outlets wholesalers in India?	How are clothes in factory outlets in India?
What are the options for a clerk to become a officer in indian army (age is21)?	What are the options for a clerk to become an officer in indian army (age is21)?
Bidding tips for beginners?	What are the Bidding tips for beginner?
What is HDMI port?	What is the HDMI port?
Which is the best movie from 2016?	What are the best movies of 2016?
What are some good ways to drive traffic to my blog?	What are some of the best ways to promote your blog?
What should I do if I think I have an erectile dysfunction?	Can erectile dysfunction be cured?
How can I slowly lose weight?	How do I lose weight ayurvedically?
What is the best way to prepare for gate 2016 (EE) in 3 months?	What are strategies to get good score in GATE EE 2016 with two digit rank within 3 months?
Will I face any problem while finding a job if I have a one or two year gap between my 12th and my graduation?	I have 2 year gap between completing 12th and starting college (BCOM) Does it affect my Job prospects after graduation?
How is hawala operated?	How does HAWALA operates?
Who will win Uttar Pradesh election?	Who will win the next election in the state of Uttar Pradesh?
Why do some people still think the Earth is flat?	How do people still think the Earth is flat even though it's proven wrong?
How can I train my mind to forget someone I love?	How do I forget someone whom l love so much?
What are some good recipes for drinking Southern Comfort?	What is a good mixer for Southern Comfort?
What motivates students to pursue research career in math at premier places like CMI and ISI?	What motivates students to pursue research career in math at premier places like CMI ISI .Did their parents support their decisions in this engg era?
What are some very beautiful chemical reaction mechanisms?	What are some of the most beautiful chemical reactions?
How can I overcome masturbation and/or porn addiction?	How can I overcome my porn addiction?
What's the purpose of doing music?	What is the purpose of music?
Why is my dog vomiting a white liquid? How can I treat this?	What should you do if your dog were to vomit yellow foamy liquid?
Why is my question being marked as needs to be improved?	Why has my question marked as "need improvement"?
What happens to all the notes that are left at the western wall in Jerusalem?	What happens to all the little notes left at the western wall in Jerusalem?
How much does lumber cost at Home Depot?	What is the price of lumber at Home Depot?
Are conspiracy theories a conspiracy theory?	Are most conspiracy theories themselves conspiracies?
How can a procurenent officer add value to company?	How can a procurement officer add value to a company?
Do you think that the demonetization in India will be successful and all black money will be busted?	Do you think the demonetization affected black money holders?
What is the carbon footprint of a solar panel?	What's the carbon footprint of solar panels? Do they need more energy to produce than what they would produce in their entire life?
How could I be fluent in English?	How do I get to speak fluently English?
Why do the top leaders of Indian National Congress not defy/oppose Rahul Gandhi & Sonia Gandhi?	Why can't congress leaders just oust sonia and rahul gandhi from the party?
Do you believe in soul-mates and twin flames?	Do you believe in soul-mates?
Do you think human will ever be colonize other star systems?	Will humans ever colonize other solar systems?
What are some examples of genetic drift?	What is an example of genetic drift?
What would happen if India and Pakistan reunites like Berlin?	What will happen if India and Pakistan happen to reunite as one country?
How can I get money easily?	How do I make money easily?
What did you think of Donald Trump's election speech (Evening of Nov. 8)?	What did you think of Trump's speech after getting elected?
How do I get rid of dark circles under my eyes only?	What gets rid of dark circles under my eyes?
What do Filipinos think of Rodrigo Duterte?	How do Fillipinos think about their current president Duterte?
Do you know universities with free education for international students?	What country provide free education to both local and international students?
How hard is it to become Top Question Writer on Quora?	What should I do to become a Top Writer on Quora in 2017?
I am a mechanical engineer with no knowledge of programming. What is the best way to learn Python?	How do I learn Python?
Is Clonazepam (Klonopin) a antidopaminergic medication?	Is Klonopin an antidopaminergic medication?
How do I access all my old Google accounts?	How do I access all of my old Google accounts?
Why did Putin intervene in Syria?	Why is russia in syria?
How can i get into an embassy job?	How can you get a job in any embassy?
I'm 44 years old. I want to invest in mutual funds in india. Which is the best mutual fund?	Which is the best mutual funds to invest in India?
How can I react when someone criticizes me?	What do you do when someone criticizes you?
How do I speak English fluently?	How can I speak English more fluently?
How can I make some money from Pokémon GO?	Can I make real money playing Pokémon GO?
What are the safety precautions on handling shotguns proposed by the NRA in Rhode Island?	What are the safety precautions on handling shotguns proposed by the NRA in Arizona?
How does Ensure help you gain weight?	Can you use Ensure to gain weight?
What is the best sex experience you have ever had?	What's the best sexual experience you have had?
What book Donald Trump keeps by his bed?	What book does or did Donald Trump keep by his bed?
Where can I get high quality print solutions and service in Sydney for envelopes?	Where can I get very high quality envelope printing services in Sydney?
How can you live in a hotel and what is it like living in it?	What is it like living in a hotel?
How did you discover you were gay?	When did you first realize that you were gay?
Can we stay sexually satisfied with our husband/wife for the whole life?	Can we stay sexually satisfied only with our husband/wife for the whole life?
How can I tighten my body and get rid of tummy/belly fat?	How get can I rid of belly fat?
How can I learn about python on my own?	How do I learn Python?
Is time travel possible in next 5 years?	Will time travel be possible in the next 10 years?
What causes spontaneous combustion?	How does spontaneous combustion happen?
How can I generate Jio get sim bar code in iPhone 5s?	Can we activate Jio sim in iphone 5s though bar code was generated in other phone?
Does anyone crack AIPMT/NEET in fourth attempt?	Did anyone clear AIIMS/NEET in fourth attempt?
Life: What is the sweetest thing that someone has ever said to you?	What is the sweetest thing someone said to you?
How long can a person live on just water?	How long can a healthy person survive with water only?
What's a good way to retain more of what you read?	What is the best way to retain what you learn?
How does Quora determine how many views an answer gets?	How does Quora calculate how many views does an answer have?
When will tech mahindra send offer letters to 2016 batch?	When will Tech Mahindra send offer letters for 2016 batch?
Exercise: What can I add to my walking routine to burn more calories?	What are some non-intense exercises that can burn a lot of calories?
What are the ways to end loneliness?	How could I get rid of loneliness?
What is the geography of Greece like?	How would you describe the geography of Greece?
What do you want people to say at your funeral?	What would you want people to say at your funeral?
Do you have to be a Targaryen to ride a dragon?	Can a non-Targaryen ride a dragon?
How do I create a computer operating system from scratch and where do I start?	What knowledge should one have to create an operating system?
What are some of the top research papers published by NSITians?	What are some of the top research papers published from NSIT?
Which is the best medical coding training institute in Bangalore?	What are some good coaching institutes for medical coding training in Bangalore?
How can I get peace of mind?	What is the way to get peace of mind?
What do hamsters like to eat besides vegetables and hamster food?	Can hamsters eat cheese?
How can I get rid of my acne?	How do I get rid of face pimples?
Where is the list of all the topics on Quora?	Where can I find a list of all Quora-related topics?
What are the major movie blogs and movie industry blogs and how do they compare?	What are the major movie blogs?
How did Donald Trump win the presidency?	How did Donald Trump manage to win the 2016 US election?
Is language necessary for humans to think?	Is language necessary for thinking?
What are the best riddles?	What are some great riddles?
What are some of the best jokes you've ever heard?	What is the best hilarious joke you have ever heard?
Is working so hard worth it?	Is working hard worth it?
What is the difference between a Republic and a democracy?	What's the difference between a republic and a democratic republic?
When does a girl fall in love?	Why does girl fall in love?
Shall I buy Kaspersky anti virus or Kaspersky internet security?	Which one to buy? Kaspersky anti-virus or Kaspersky internet security?
How do I become a IT security specialist?	How do I become an Information Security Expert?
How do I search answers on Quora?	What is the best way to search within Quora?
Are there any good game programming colleges in India?	Which are the best colleges in India for game programming?
How can I stop worrying about what other people think of me?	What are some psychological tricks to stop caring about what people think?
How do you value your time?	How should you value time?
What is the best phone I can get for below 15k?	Which is the best phone to buy within Rs.15000?
Which are the producers in a food chain?	What are the producers in the food chain?
What are things not to do on a first date?	What is that thing which you should NEVER do on a first date?
How would you evaluate Elizabeth I? What aspects would you come from?	How will you evaluate the Elizabeth I ? What aspects will you come from?
Why do people get bad trips after smoking marijuana?	Why do people have bad trips on weed?
Which are some of the best trolls ever?	Which is/are your best troll(s)?
Which is best book for Java?	What is the best book for learning Java for beginner?
How can I meet Sir Narendra Modi Ji?	How can I meet Narendra Modi if it's very important?
How do I post something on Quora?	How do I post a question in quora?
Do you think that Rajinikanth is slightly overrated in India?	Is Rajinikanth an overrated actor in South India?
How do you safely clean a flat Samsung screen TV?	What is the best way to clean a flat screen monitor?
Can I get a free chat plugin for my wordpress website?	What is the best free chat software plugin for WordPress?
How can I download any video from any websites?	Which is the best software for PC to download videos from any website?
Which are the top places to visit in Kerala?	Which places should be visited while travelling to Kerala?
Why do people make fun of Dory the fish in Finding Nemo?	Why do people make fun of Dory from Finding Nemo?
What was the best day of your life?	Can you share best day of your life?
How can you get water on Mars?	Does water exist on mars?
What is culture integration? What are some examples?	What are some examples of cultural integration?
How is the Samsung Galaxy S7 edge?	What’s the opinion on Galaxy S7 Edge?
How was Newton's gravitational constant (G) determined?	How was Universal Gravitational Constant first measured?
How do I can boost my self confidence?	How do I build more confidence?
Was Mahatma Gandhi a racist?	Was Gandhi a racist?
How do I write a letter through someone?	How can I write a letter?
What's the best free web hosting site to host apps?	What are the best free web hosting services?
How do I earn money online?	Can I earn money online?
What's the scariest thing you've ever done?	What is the scariest thing you've ever had to do?
What has been the biggest mistake of your life and the best decision of your life?	What is the best decision of your life until now?
How many dimensions does the universe really have?	How many dimensions are there in our universe?
What are the most famous sports in the world? How are they played?	What is the most famous sport in the world? Why is it the most popular sport in the world?
What are the branches of Civil Engineering?	What are the branch of civil engineer?
How much protein is required daily to maintain the muscle mass in the body?	How much protein do I need to maintain muscle?
Is there any method to learn English phrases?	What is the best way to learn English phrases?
Will drones replace news helicopters?	Are drones able to replace helicopters?
How can I be indifferent to what people think of me?	How do I learn not to care about what people think of me?
How do I train my dog?	What is the best way to train and discipline your dog?
What sports are played in China and why are they played the most?	What are the most played sports in China?
Is it possible to fall in love with more than one woman / girl in the same period of time?	Is it possible to love more than one person at a time?
What are the career options available for an electrical engineering graduate?	What are career options in construction domain after graduation in electrical engineering?
Where can I find the SBI SO question papers of the previous year?	Where can I find previous year question papers of SBI SO?
How can I make my money make money?	How I can make money fast?
What documentaries about the history of World War 2 are the most entertaining and educational?	What are the best documentaries about World War 2?
When will redmi 3s prime get miui 8?	When will miui 8 update come on mi redmi prime 2 in updater app?
What kind of poison is better for human suicide?	What kind of poison is better for suicide?
Which countries are supporting India for veto power in UN?	What are the countries that support India for a permanent seat in the UN?
Which books have influenced you the most?	Which book has influenced YOU the most?
What do pakistani read about their history?	What do a Pakistani will tell when someone ask them about "History of Pakistan"?
What should everyone know about tea?	What should everybody know about tea?
Is licking pussy always dangerous?	Is licking vagina always dangerous?
What are movies that everyone should see?	What movies would you recommend everyone to watch?
What do you think about Edward Snowden?	What do people think of Edward Snowden?
How do I get a list of all my Gmail accounts?	How can you find all of your Gmail accounts?
Why don’t fishes die in the deep sea? How do they survive that much high pressure?	How deep sea creatures survive under so high water pressure.?
How were the Hieroglyphics deciphered?	How were hieroglyphics first decoded?
Who is the next MJ?	Who is going to be the next Michael Jackson?
How does banning 500 and 1000 rupee notes help to control black money?	How does invalidating ₹500 and ₹1000 notes help us fight corruption and bring back black money?
What are the best practices to observe your surroundings like Sherlock Holmes does?	What are some things I can observe in people to know their habits like Sherlock Holmes does?
I don't know what I'm good at. How would I know that?	I don't know what I am good at. What should I do?
Why do Quorans appear to favor Hillary Clinton?	Is Quora biased towards Hillary Clinton?
How can I speak English like natives?	How To speak English Fluently ?
Is it possible to fall in love with more than one woman / girl in the same period of time?	Can you love two people at the same time?
Is the universe infinite or just infinitely expanding?	How can the universe be infinite if it is expanding?
What causes diarrhea?	What causes diarrhea all of the sudden?
What are the best disney movies (preferably animated)?	What is the best Disney movie?
Who was your favorite US President?	Who is your favorite US President? Why?
Do skunks make good pets?	Do skunks make good pets? Why or why not?
What's your favourite anime?	What's your favorite anime? And why?
What are the major streams in mathematics?	What are the major branches in mathematics?
How do I register my business in the U.K.?	How do I register my business as a company in the U.K.?
Who was Muhammad Ali jinnah?	Who is Mohammed Ali Jinnah?
How can I see who views my Instagram video?	On Instagram can you now see how many times someone has watched your video?
How difficult is it to pass the SAP Business One examination?	How Difficult is it to pass the SAP Certified Business One examination?
What exactly does borderline personality disorder mean? And what are the symptoms?	What are common symptoms of borderline personality disorder and is it better or worse to get a diagnosis?
How QuickBooks Proavisor Tech support Phone Number is Prominent for getting Solutions?	What is the best QuickBooks support number in Arkansas?
What is the easiest way to learn life skills?	How do you learn useful life skills?
What are your views on banning 500 and 1000 rupee notes? How does it affect black money and is it really gonna work and expose all the black money?	What are your views on the decision of Narendra Modi to discontinue the use of 500 and 1000 currency notes?
How does internet work?	How does internet actually work?
How do German Shepherd/Husky puppies look like?	What do German Shepherd and Husky puppies look like?
Sex Tourism: Which city/country is the best legal bang for the buck?	Which is best sex tourism country?
What is the best puppy food?	What is the best quality affordable Rottweiler puppies food?
How can we learn c programming?	How and where do I start learning C programming?
What are some of the things that make you angry?	What makes one angry?
What are the real examples of karma in real world?	What's the best real life karma you've ever seen/experienced?
What are the best ways to download YouTube videos?	What is the best way to download a YouTube video?
Is Eagerpanda ever going to launch?	When will EagerPanda launch?
How can the temperature in outer space be described?	What temperature in outer space? How is temperature measured in space?
What is meant by medical tourism?	What is medical tourism? What are the risks and benefits of participating in it?
How do I commit suicide and make it seem like an accident?	How do I make suicide look like an accident?
How big is the average penis?	How long is a normal penis?
How can I know that my girlfriend is cheating on me?	How can I tell if my girlfriend is cheating on me?
Can you have more than one dental insurance?	Can you have two dental insurance? Why or why not?
How do you train a Beagle/Pointer mix to track a scent?	How do I train my Beagle/German Shepherd mix puppy to track a scent?
What is a non polar solvent?	What is a non polar solvent? What are examples of this?
How do I collect 8 ball pool cash?	How can I earn free coins in 8 ball pool?
What do you think of PM's decision on the banning of 500 and 100 rupee notes?	What is your opinion on the discontinuation of 500 and 1000 rupee notes?
What should I do to improve my English skill?	How do you learn English grammar?
What is the Illuminati and what is its function?	What was the Illuminati and how did they originate?
Why is Saltwater taffy candy imported in Switzerland?	Why is Saltwater taffy candy imported in Czech Republic?
What are best novels to read?	What is the best novel ever?
Which is a better diet veg or non-veg?	Veg or non-veg which is better for diet?
What are your New Year resolutions for the upcoming year 2017?	What Is your New year resolutions in 2017?
How do dolphins use sonar?	How can bats and dolphins create the image of an object using sonar?
How do I get the first million users for my app?	How can I get a million users on my social app?
It's said that Harry Potter is the only one who survived Avada Kedavra but isn't this a lie?	Why did only Harry Potter who survived from Avada Kedavra curse?
How do I improve my English speaking?	How can I improve fluency in English?
What is the difference between Quora and Stack Exchange?	How does Quora differ from Stack Exchange?
Why are input and output devices considered as files?	Which devices are considered output devices? Why are input and output devices considered as files?
Can anyone provide me a study plan for my drop year for JEE 2017 preparation?	Can anyone provide me a study plan for JEE 2017 from now on?
How do I get rid of constant fatigue?	How can I deal with/fix constant fatigue?
Why was Henry Kissinger never tried for war crimes?	Why has Henry Kissinger been accused of alleged war crimes?
What can I do to practice my English?	How do I enhance my English?
Which is the best rock band of all time?	What is the best rock band of all time?
What is your review of Power Electronics?	What is power electronics?
What constitutes true beauty?	What is true beauty?
What is the importance of money in ones life?	Why money is important in our life?
How do I write journal report?	How do you write your journal?
Why are Saltwater taffy candy imported in the Philippines?	Why is saltwater taffy candy imported in Austria?
Where can I find the best quality cupcakes in Gold Coast?	Where can I get good quality cupcakes and a lot of different flavor in Gold Coast?
What is the best way to make money on Amazon?	How do you make money on Amazon?
Why there are people who still believe that earth is flat?	Why do some people think that the Earth is flat?
What are the causes of the fall of the Roman Empire?	What were the 3 main causes for the Fall of Rome?
Why does Kelly Martin despise Jimmy Wales' popularity?	What happened in the past between Kelly Martin and Jimmy Wales?
How do I get rid of depression?	How can we get rid of depression?
How do I earn 1 lakh in a month?	How can I earn rupees 1 lakh within a month?
Which book is best for data structures and algorithms for beginners?	Which is the best book to learn data structures and algorithms?
How do you stop a Terrier/Border Collie mix from humping your furniture?	How do I stop my Pit Bull/English Bulldog mix puppy from humping my furniture?
What are the best things to do when we are alone?	What is the best thing to do when we are alone?
How do we cure racism?	What is the cure for racism?
What book would you recommend on Solid State Physics?	What are the best book for self learning Solid state physics?
What is the most amazing thing you have seen an animal do?	What is the most fascinating thing you have seen an animal do?
Does long distance relationship works?	Is long distance relationship works?
What are some of the best post through ssc and how much they get paid?	How much cash-in-hand will one get in different posts through SSC exam?
What are some mind-blowing inventions and technology that most people don't know about?	What are some mind-blowing inventions gadgets that most people don't know about?
How is agriculture sector doing in India?	What went wrong with agriculture sector in india?
Which is the best geography book for UPSC?	Which is best book of geography for UPSC?
What are some examples of 3 stanzas in poems?	What are some examples of three stanza poems?
What are some of the best ways to freeze fresh figs?	How do you freeze fresh figs?
What can integration be used for in real life?	Where do we have to use integration in real life?
Can I change my iPhone 6 cracked screen by myself without any risk? How?	How do I replace a cracked iPhone 6 screen by myself?
What is the difference between scripting and programming?	What is the major difference between a scripting language like PHP and a programming language like Python?
What is difference between single & multiple reaction?	What is the difference between single and multiple reaction?
How can I find a business broker?	How do I find a business broker?
What are the safety precautions on handling shotguns proposed by the NRA in Massachisetts?	What are the safety precautions on handling shotguns proposed by the NRA in Hawaii?
What is best online business loan company?	What is the best resource for small business loans?
How do I not care what other people think of me?	How can I stop myself from being affected by what other people think about me?
How do I post a question here?	How can I ask my question on Quora?
What will happen if sun will die?	What will happen if sun dies?
How can I find all my old Gmail accounts?	What is my old Gmail account?
What are chassis?	What is chassis?
What is the effect of GST bill on a common man?	What exactly is GST bill and how exactly will it affect the common people?
What is the best day of your life and what made it so amazing it stayed in your mind forever?	Which will be the best day of your life?
How do I become CA in India?	How do I become CA?
Where can I test my IQ online? Is there any free source?	Are there any free online iq tests that are accurate?
How can I improve my spoken English?	What are some ways to improve English?
Can I be arrested for downloading from torrents in India?	Are you still using torrent in India? Can I be arrested for using it?
How I create an app?	How can I create a mobile application?
What is the longest journey you have made in your car in India?	Which is the longest journey have you ever made in your car in India?
How do you solve the following recurrence using substitution method? [math]T(n) =T\left (\left\lfloor\frac {n} {4} \right\rfloor\right) +n [/math]	How do you solve this recurrence [math]T(n)=T\left(\left\lfloor\frac{n}{4}\right\rfloor\right)+n [/math] by substitution method?
What are some good German books for beginners?	What are some German literature books for beginners?
Can a UK solicitor who has been jailed practice when released?	Can a UK solicitor practice after serving a jail sentence?
Why are there more beautiful women than handsome men?	Why are there more beautiful females than males?
Why are so many people on Quora obsessed with IQ?	Why does it seem like half of the questions on Quora are about your IQ?
How do I file ITR only on agricultural income?	How do I file itr only on agriculture income?
Which are the best play schools in India?	Which is the best play school in India?
How can I increase traffic to a story blog?	What is the best way to increase traffic for a new blog?
How do you know if you're really in love?	How do you know if you're unconditionally in love with someone?
What are some mind blowing Safety wallets that most people don't know about?	What are some mind-blowing safe wallets that exist that most people don't know about?
What are the detrimental effects of drinking alcohol?	What are the negative effects of drinking alcohol?
How can I become a true computer science engineer?	What should I do to become a good Computer Science Engineer?
How does direct deposit work?	How do direct deposits work?
How do I handle trust issues?	How do I deal with my trust issues?
How should I start my preparation for the IAS exam?	How do I start IAS preparation along with BE engineering?
What does it truly mean to be in love with someone?	What does it truly mean to love someone?
What will you do if you become invisible for a day?	What will you do if you become invisible?
Which three senior cricketers Dhoni dropped from the team as was mentioned in the movie MS Dhoni?	Who are the three players Dhoni refers to in the movie MS Dhoni to omit from the team?
Will Donald Trump's campaign hurt his business dealings?	How much will Donald Trump's 2016 campaign hurt his brand?
What are the health benefits of flax seeds?	What are the health benefits of adding of flax seeds to one's diet?
How can I stop the urge to masturbate?	How can I stop masturbating?
How do I increase the size of a penis?	How can you increase girth and length?
What long-term impact will the Syrian Refugee Crisis have on German culture?	What is your opinion on the German refugee crisis?
What are the branches of Earth science?	What are some branches of Earth science?
Is ISRO more competent than NASA?	Is ISRO better than NASA?
What's your opinion on Indian Prime Minister Modi's new policy about illegalization of 500 and 1000 currency notes?	What do you think about ban on Rs. 500 and Rs. 1000 currency notes?
What a girl thinks when she sees a boy even if she already has a boyfriend?	What does a girl thinks when she sees a boy even if she has a boyfriend?
What is a sure way to commit suicide?	What are some painless ways to commit suicide?
How can I use a vehicle in a different state without changing the registration number?	How do I transfer vehicle from one state to other without changing the registration number?
Is there any disadvantage of not being a NTSE scholar?	What are the benefits of being an ntse scholar?
Why is the Indian government afraid of the truth by banning the Australia journalist report on India and China war in 1962 for over 50 years?	Why did Indian government hide the truth by refusing publishing the Australian journalist report on India-China war in 1962?
Which is the best English book to prepare for SSC CGL?	Which are the best books for SSC CGL?
How do know when you're in love?	How do you know if you are in love? How do you know its not just chemicals in your brain trying to trick you to reproduce?
Why is my Quora feed always showing the same questions?	Why does the Quora algorithm repeat the same question in the feeds?
How I can speak English with fluency?	How can I learn English well？?
What are the pros and cons of the new GST bill in India?	What is GST (INDIA) bill and why is there such a hype for it?
Why does the North Star appear not to move while all the other stars move around it?	Why doesn't the Northern Star move across the sky like the other stars?
What do you think about the 1-day ban on NDTV by Modi Govt.?	What's you think about NDTV ban is it good? Or just Modi like who show them government good thing and hide bad from people's?
What is a truth table?	What is truth table?
How do I get a carnotaurus toy?	Where can I get a carnotaurus toy?
How is the life of on IAS officer in naxalite area?	How is life for an IAS officer in a Naxalite area?
Why did Hillary Clinton lose the US election 2016?	What made Hillary to lose presidential election?
What are some examples of unethical behavior?	What is unethical behavior? What are some examples?
What are some examples of databases?	What are some examples of a database?
Which is the best academy for cricket in India?	Which are the best cricket training academies in India?
How do you remove spray paint from cement?	How do you remove spray paint from concrete?
What is your creative New Year's resolution for 2017?	What's your new year resolution for 2017?
What is it like to work for Indian Army/Airforce/Navy as an officer?	How is the life of an Indian airforce officer?
Can I live a happy life without ever experiencing romantic love?	Can I have a happy life without ever experiencing romantic love?
How I do learn English?	How do I learn English?
Why did Russia offer Pakistan to sell their military goods while having a good relation with India?	Why Russia is supporting Pakistan in spite of having good relation with India?
How can a boy become the world's youngest billionaire?	Who is the world's youngest entrepreneur?
What clarinet mouthpieces are the best?	Which clarinet mouthpiece should I buy?
What causes damage to the somatosensory cortex? How can this be prevented?	What causes damage to the somatosensory cortex? How can it be prevented?
How can I make an Opinion Blog on Quora?	How do I create my blog on Quora?
What is the best romance anime?	What are some good romance animes?
How do you delete yourself from the internet forever?	How do you remove yourself from the Internet?
What's your review for the movie Ae Dil Hai Mushkil?	What is your review of Ae Dil hai Mushkil?
What are some unknown computer tricks and hacks?	What are some good unknown computer hacks?
What should Every Programmer Know about Software Testing ?	What should beginner programmers know about software testing?
Does it mean I'm still going through puberty if I am still growing a bit of hair on my chest and darker thicker hair on arms?	Does it mean I'm still going through puberty if I am still growing a bit of hair on my chest and darker thicker hair on my arms?
How can I get more views on YouTube videos?	How do I get more views on youtube video?
How do you round a decimal to the nearest tenth?	How do you round decimals to the nearest tenth?
Is Mormonism the true religion?	Is mormonism true?
Does The Coca-Cola  Company own Santa Claus?	Did the Coca Cola Company invent Santa Claus?
What is your creative New Year's resolution for 2017?	What will be your New Year's resolution for 2017?
Can anyone think of a positive that will come out of a Trump Presidency for me?	What positive change would a Donald Trump presidency bring?
What are some of the best Liquid funds in India to park your surplus money for 10-15 days?	Which are the best debt or liquid funds in India?
Can I get pregnant 14 days after my period started?	Can I get pregnant a week after my cycle?
What are some of the amazing facts about USA?	What are some amazing facts about the USA?
Have the Ancient Mayans been scientifically tested?	Has Ancient Egypt been scientifically tested?
How can I find all of my Gmail accounts that I ever set up?	How can I get a list of all my Gmail accounts or recover them?
Why do bad things seem to happen to good people?	Why do bad things have to happen to good people?
How does it feel being very rich?	How does it feel to be extremely rich?
How can I hack the mobile phones of my friends?	How can I Remotely hack a mobile phone?
What is the biggest scam ever?	What is the biggest scam you’ve ever seen?
What is ecology?	What is meant by ecology?
What is the best nature for Snorlax?	What is the best nature for Snorlax in Sun and Moon?
What are some health risks of eating raw meat?	What are the health issues related to eating raw meat? Are some meats safe to eat raw?
What's your opinion on Indian Prime Minister Modi's new policy about illegalization of 500 and 1000 currency notes?	What does Balaji Vishwanathan think about Modi's new currency Idea?
How can I gain weight on my body?	How can I gain weight?
What is difference between aerospace engineering and aeronautical engineering?	What is the difference between aerospace engineering and aeronautical engineering?
How are IIT professors paid?	How much do IIT professors get paid?
What are the most dangerous countries in the world?	What is the most dangerous country in the world and why?
What are prospects and challenges of pulses in food security?	What are the prospects and challenges for pulses for sustainable food security?
How can I take my spoken English to a higher level when I speak good enough but not fluently?	How do I speak English like celebrities?
Why dogs tend to pee on the tyres of the parked vehicles?	Why do dogs pee mostly on tires?
What marks in the JEE-Mains would be equivalent to that of Jamia Milia Islamia?	What is the expected JEE main 2016 cut off for Jamia Milia Islamia?
Can I become pregnant even when using condoms?	Can you get pregnant when you're using condoms?
What was the most cringe-worthy thing you ever did in middle school?	What was your most cringe worthy moment in school?
How can I earn money online?	How can I earn money online easily?
What are the differences between C and C++? Which one should I learn first?	Which one should I learn first - C or C++?
Life teaches you new things everyday. What did you learn today?	What is your life lesson that you learn from today?
How do I save money while shopping?	Can you save money by shopping wisely?
What are some good ways to get over an ex?	What is the best way to get over your ex?
Will Donald Trump carry out all of his promises from the election that he won?	Can Donald Trump achieve his campaign proposals?
Why are most engineers single?	Why do engineers stay single?
What do you use Pinterest for?	What is the use of pinterest?
What is Palestine?	What is Palestine? Where is the Gaza Strip and where does it lie?
Why do some people ask questions on Quora that could easily be answered by using a search engine?	Why do so many people ask things on Quora that they could just as easily Google?
What is the borderline personality disorder and what causes it?	What causes borderline personality disorder and when?
When were cotton fibres first used?	Where was cotton first used?
How can I get a job in the hike app?	How can I get a job into hike app?
How should I improve my writing skill for blogging?	How can I improve my writing skills to write advanced composition?
What does Donald Trump's popularity and unpopularity tell us about today's America?	What does Donald Trump's success tell us about the American public?
What is your review of Capital Cities (band)?	What is your review of Capital Cities?
Why did the Battle of Vimy Ridge occur? Why is it considered a defining event for Canada?	What is the importance behind the battle at Vimy Ridge? How did this event affect the outcome of the war?
Which is the best coaching institute for cat preparation in Delhi?	What is the best coaching institute for the CAT preparation in Delhi?
How can I lose weight slowly and naturally?	How do I lose my weight from 58 to 50 kgs?
What is covalent bonding? What are some examples?	What are covalent bonds? What are some examples?
What can I do to stop over thinking?	How can one stop over thinking?
What is the meaning of A2A that people often include in their answers on Quora?	What does A2A mean and why is it being used at the bottom of some answers on Quora?
Why is Russia and Pakistan holding their first joint military exercise in 2016? Is this Modi's biggest failure?	What do you think of Russian troops arriving in Pakistan for a joint military drill? Is this the biggest failure of the Modi government?
What is the best binary options broker?	Which binary options broker is best?
How do I tell my parents I'm an atheist?	How should I tell my parents that I am an atheist?
If speed of light is the fastest then how it is measured?	How is speed of light calculated?
What is the expected cutoff of NTSE Stage-1 UP 2017?	What shall be the expected cutoff for NTSE stage 1 2017 in U.P.?
Why does government is issuing Rs. 2000 note instead of Rs. 1000? Why is it so? What will be the consequences?	What could be the reason behind the launch of 2000 Rs note instead of 1000 Rs?
Which coaching institute should I choose in Kota for IIT JEE?	Which is better for IIT JEE coaching- Kota or Bangalore?
How do you come out to your parents as transgender?	How does a tween come out as transgender?
How is sociology of education helpful to a teacher?	What is sociology of education?
What are Dank memes?	What are some dank memes?
How can I get more followers?	How do I get more followers?
How can I get rid of chub around my stomach area?	How do I get rid of fat in my midsection?
What is the best comic book?	What are the best comics?
What should I eat to gain muscle fast?	What do I eat to gain muscle?
How do I become a digital marketing expert?	How do I become a good digital marketer?
Which would be best laptop under 25k INR?	What is the best everyday use laptop under INR 25k?
What happens to the matter that forms a black hole?	What happens to matter that enters a black hole?
Is Osama bin Laden still alive?	Is Osama still alive?
Why is India performing bad in Olympics?	Why is India so bad at Olympics?
What are your thoughts and experiences with open relationships?	What are your thoughts about or experiences with open relationships?
Which is the best ethical hacking institute in India?	Which is the best institute in India for doing a hands on course in ethical hacking?
How did you prepare maths for JEE?	How should I prepare for JEE maths?
How does one use a tampon? Where does it go? How does it get there? Is it more effective than the pad?	How do I use a tampon?
Do nice guys finish last?	Why do assholes finish first and nice guys always finish last?
What's the most romantic thing anyone has ever done for you?	What is the most romantic thing ever done to you?
When does a startup stop being a startup and become a normal company?	When does a startup stops being a startup?
How can I study to get better grades?	How can one get better grades?
How do I get out of a bad friendship?	How can I get over a bad friendship?
How do I see who's viewed my Instagram profile?	Can you see who views your Instagram stories?
What is the upcoming technology?	What are the most upcoming technologies in the world?
How do I learn deep learning in 1 month?	How can I learn Deep Learning quickly?
What are my rights in Canada if my flight gets cancelled?	What are my rights in Canada if Air Canada cancels my flight?
What is the scariest dog in the world?	What is the most dangerous (individual) dog breed in the world?
What is diplomatic immunity?	Why are diplomats given immunity?
How do I get a car loan for commercial use in India?	How do I get a car loan in India for commercial use?
Why is this world so cruel?	Why is the world so cruel sometimes?
What are the best business to start with 20 to 30 Lacs of investments?	What are the best businesses to start with 20 to 30 lakh of capital investment?
Timetravel: What will the world look like in 2100?	What will the world look like in the year 2100?
How can one web-scrape a list of majors at every given university for further processing (preferably with metadata if possible)?	How can one web-scrape a list of drugs for further processing (preferably with metadata if possible)?
Where can I watch Dragon Ball Super Episode 46 with English subtitles?	Where can I watch Dragon Ball Super online with English subtitles?
How can I stop hating someone?	How can I stop myself from hating someone that hurt me?
What makes the Spanish accent in Spain distinctive from Spanish spoken in Latin America?	What are the differences between Spanish which is spoken in Spain (by Spaniard) and Spanish which is spoken in Latin America?
What exactly is the Rapture?	What is rapture?
How do you rest your rescue password if you don't remember your answers to the sequrity questions?	How can I reset my Gmail password if I don't remember my recovery Email and current password?
What is the difference between animal blood and human blood?	How do I differentiate between human and animal blood?
What are some great books on entrepreneurs?	What are some great books for entrepreneur?
How do I speak English fluently?	How do I speak English like celebrities?
What are the advantages of life insurance?	What are the benefits of buying life insurance?
Which is your favourite song and why?	What is your favorite song of all time and why?
What is that one movie you recommend me watching right now?	If you could recommend only one movie for everyone to watch. What would it be?
How do I dress well as a teenage guy?	How should I dress well as an 18 year old guy?
What are the best Battery Saver Appd for android 2016?	Smartphones: What is the best battery saver app for Android 2016?
How do I get a job as a film and TV critic?	How does someone become a professional TV or film critic?
How many times can I give IIT jam?	How much time can I give IIT JAM?
Which company provides the best SEO services in Delhi?	Which is the best SEO Company in Delhi for Digital marketing?
Did the early U.S. presidents write their own speeches? If so when did this practice stop?	When did U.S. presidents start outsourcing the writing of their speeches?
How do nuclear launch codes work?	How do nuclear codes work?
What are some useful online courses for management students?	Which online courses for management students add weight to a resume?
How does a supernova happens?	How does supernova form?
How do I improve my pronunciation of English?	How can I improve my English in all aspects?
What is Baluchistan problems?	What is the Baluchistan issue?
How do I give great oral sex?	How do I give oral sex?
How many FPS can the eye see?	Vision (eyesight): How many frames per second do humans see?
Is there no life on other planets?	Is there any evidence of life on other planets?
How strong is the Indonesian navy?	How good is the Indonesian navy?
Is Donald Trump secretly working for the Russian President Putin?	Is Donald Trump an agent for Vladimir Putin?
How do I get funding for my idea of an app?	How do I get funding from investors for my business idea?
Why are the Academy Awards commonly known as the Oscars?	How did The Academy Awards come to be called "The Oscars"?
How do I get a lean body?	What should we do to make lean body?
How can I get rid of ant problems in my house?	How do I get rid of ants from my house?
What are the differences between romanticism and neoclassicism?	What are the differences between neoclassicism and romanticism?
What type of porn do you like?	What kind of porn do you like to watch?
Can we control our feelings?	Does our mind control our emotions?
What is the best way to increase your dopamine levels the natural way?	How can dopamine levels be increased naturally?
How did Donald trump win?	How did trump become president?
Which are the best designed websites in the world?	Which is the best designed website in the world?
From where shall I start to learn hacking?	What is a good site to learn hacking?
What are some Mindblowing facts about bollywood?	What are the some amazing facts about a Bollywood movie?
Can girl and a boy be best friends?	Why can't a guy and a girl remain best friends forever?
What's my Wi-Fi password?	How do I get my Wi-Fi password?
How can I overcome loneliness and depression?	What can I do to overcome loneliness and depression?
My kid spilled a milk shake on my Mac Air and the keys stick. What is the best way to clean it?	My kid spilled a milk shake on my MacBook Air and the keys stick. What is the best way to clean it?
How can I transfer all my mail data in my Gmail account to another Gmail account?	How do I transfer Gmail accounts?
How do I turn white hairs into black?	How do I turn my white hair into black hair?
What is the worst movie of 2016?	What was your least favorite movie of 2016?
How does starving help to lose weight?	What are the pros and cons of strarving yourself in order to lose weight?
Is Jayalalithaa on ventilator support?	Is Jayalalithaa alive?
Can the fingerprints of two different people be the same?If not then why?	How many people can there be before two people have identical fingerprints?
Why do you need a Sales consultant?	Why do you need a sales consulting?
How many users does Turo have?	How many users does Turo have today?
What was the best Apple product ever released? Why?	What was the best Apple product release ever?
Which university is best for an M.S in mechanical engineering?	Which universities are best for mechanical engineering for m.s.?
How do I reduce face fat?	What is the best way to reduce face fat?
How does Donald Trump's win affects Indian students preparing for graduate studies in US?	How will Trump's presidency affect the Indian students who are planning to study in the US?
What is the difference between DOS OS and Windows OS?	What is the difference between DOS and WINDOWS OS?
Why are the flowers that bloom at night generally white?	Why are night-blooming flowers generally white?
What information can I find out about someone if I Know their social security number?	How will I know if someone uses my social security number? What can someone do with my SSN?
How do you send a private message to someone you're following on Quora?	Quora: How do you message someone through their profile?
Why do people ask such questions here on Quora which could be easily found on the internet?	Why do so many people prefer to ask questions on here and wait for an answer rather than type one or two words in a search engine?
How did we get a picture of the Milky Way Galaxy?	How is the picture of our Milky Way galaxy taken from the outside if we are inside the galaxy?
Why does quora mark my questions as needing improvement?	How do I talk to the moderators who marked my questions as needing improvements in Quora?
Who do you think will be the next US president?	Who is the next US president in your think?
Whom should one follow on Quora? And why?	Can you suggest some best people to follow on Quora?
What is a fun board game to play with only 2 players?	What are the most balanced and interesting board games for 2 players?
How do I get my site at the top of Google for free?	How do I get my website at the top of Google for free?
How does one study math effectively?	How should I study math?
What are chances of another war between India and Pakistan?	How does our economy effect if war happens between India and Pakistan?
Where can I found best quality solid door upright freezers in Sydney?	Where can I found high quality glass door upright freezer I Sydney?
What is the most important thing in one's life?	What is most important thing in life? Can we categorize it?
Who will win the US presidential elections 2016: Hillary Clinton or Donald Trump?	Who will win in America presidential elections in 2016?
What are alkyl halides and how are they classified?	What is an alkyl halide?
How can I stop masturbation?	How can I stop doing masturbations?
How do I grow my hair really fast and easiest way?	How can I grow my hair longer fast?
Is there any reliable way to boost internet speed if yes then how?	Is there any way to boost my internet download speed?
Is Israel safe for travel?	How safe is traveling to Israel given the periodic unrest?
I am entering the world of video game programming and want to know what language I should learn? Because there are so many languages ​​I do not know which one to start with. Can you recommend a language that's easy to learn and can be used with many platforms?	What programming languages should I learn for video game development?
How can I improve my English in all aspects?	How can improve my English speaking?
Is it good to have sex before a marriage?	Is having sex before marriage right?
What is EDM?	What exactly is EDM?
How can we increase ability of brain? What should be our routine to enhance presence of mind?	Is there any way to develop my presence of mind?
How do I lose 30 pounds?	How can I efficiently lose weight?
Why are some anarchists vegan as well?	Why are some anarchists vegans as well?
How will issuing of new 2000 Rs notes help curb black money and corruption?	How will banning the present 500/1000 notes fight black money if it can be exchanged?
Why does my lower back hurt when I squat?	Why does my lower back hurt when I do squats?
How does one prepare for NTSE stage 2?	How do I prepare for NTSE stage 2?
Why did not the Republican Congress amend Medicare and the ACA to require drug companies to negotiate prices?	Why don't Republicans want Medicare to negotiate drug prices?
What is the best thing about Ohio?	What's the best thing about Ohio?
What are good ways of proving that I am living the real world but not dreaming?	How do I convince myself that I am not living in a matrix world but a real world?
How does it benefit you to answer questions on Quora?	Why do you answer questions in Quora?
What is the easiest and painless way to commit suicide?	What's the absolute easiest way to commit suicide?
Why is Jake Williams so famous?	How did Jake Williams become famous on Quora?
What do software developers miss when switching from Linux to Mac OS?	What are the main features a Linux (Ubuntu) user would miss when moving to Mac OS X?
Who will win upcoming USA election?	Who is going to win the 2016 presidential election?
Do some people lack mirror neurons?	Do people who are less empathetic lack mirror neurons?
What's the dumbest thing you believed as a kid?	What was the dumbest thing you believed to be true as a child?
How do I write a good profile on a dating website?	What are the best things to write on your online dating profile?
Why do people use Quora when they know that they could find a more accurate answer on Google?	Why do people ask Quora questions which can be answered easily by Google?
What is your review of Ravana Had 10 Heads?	Did Ravana really have ten heads?
How do I find my xfinity password?	How can I find my Xfinity password?
Which is Shahrukh Khan's best piece of work?	Which is Shahrukh Khan's best movie?
Can Donald Trump win?	Could Donald Trump actually win and become POTUS?
What is the best thing to do after break up?	What are some of the best thing to do after break up?
Can you still get pregnant one day before menstruation?	Can you get pregnant one day before ovulation?
Can you envision a world without money?	Is it possible to live in this world without money?
What are some natural alternatives to Adderall?	Are there any all natural substitutions for Adderall?
Which is the best keypad phone?	Which is the best keypad mobile?
Which is the best Bollywood movie of 2016?	Which is the best Bollywood flim in this year 2016?
How does Hillary Clinton seem to get away with so many lies and scandals?	How does Hillary Clinton explain the many scandals she has been associated with?
Was the partition of India necessary?	Does partition of India and Pakistan was necessary?
How can I export my Twitter followers into a CSV file?	How can I export my Twitter followers into a CSV or Excel file?
Should we remove caste based reservation system from India and establish economic position based reservation?	Isn't it time for Indian goverment to change its reservation system for jobs and education from caste based to economic based system?
Which is the best honeymoon destination in kerala?	Which is the Best Honeymoon Resort in Kerala?
What are unique or lesser known facts about PM Narendra Modi?	Narendra Modi: What are the unknown facts about Narendra Modi?
How are international students from Hong Kong going to be affected after Donald Trump becomes president?	Is there any harm for the international students from South Asian countries in America after Trump becoming the President?
How can I get traffic on website?	How can I increase the traffic on a site?
Which is the best book for reasoning and aptitude?	Which is the best book for aptitude and reasoning?
Why does Manaphy always had a panic attack in the anime?	Why did Manaphy had a panic attack in Pokémon ranger and the temple of the sea?
Is calling people 'white trash' an action of racial discrimination? Why or why not?	Is calling white people 'white trash' an action of racial discrimination? Why or why not?
How can I hide my mutuality on Facebook?	How can I hide my mutual friends list on facebook?
Can you see who viewed your Instagram?	Who has viewed my Instagram?
What is the use of Pi?	Why do we use pi?
Should India attack Pakistan in response to the Uri terrorist attack?	Should India attack Pakistan after Uri attack?
What do Turks think about the Government of Turkey denying Armenian Genocide?	What do Turks think about the Armenian Genocide?
Why sex is important for life?	Is sex that important for life?
How do I reset my Gmail password when I forgotten it?	How can I reset my Gmail password if I don't remember my recovery Email and current password?
Can Donald Trump keep his campaign promises?	Is Donald Trump going to do what he promised to do?
What is web servers?	What is a web server?
Can we cross the border of our universe?	What is at the end of the universe?
How do I sell Bitcoins?	How do I sell bitcoin?
How did the Treaty of Versailles lead to World War 2?	How did the post-World War I settlement (Treaty of Versailles) lead to World War II?
Does Lipton green tea Assist in weight loss?	At what time should I drink green tea to be fit?
How can I get rid of over thinking?	I am into a habit of over thinking things. How do I get rid of it?
WhWhat is material dispersion in fiber optic?	What is material dispersion in fiber optics?
When is the best season to travel to Singapore?	What time of year is it best to visit Singapore?
What is it like to be caught in a tsunami?	What is it like to live through and survive a tsunami?
What are the dumbest questions ever asked on Quora?	What are the most annoying questions that you come across in Quora?
How Avogadro's Number was discovered or invented?	How was the numerical value of avogadro's number discovered?
Why are identical twins not identical?	Why do identical twins look different?
What are the best available technology gadgets?	What are some of the best phones gadgets?
What are some ethical dilemmas?	What is an ethical dilemma? What are examples of this?
How do lose weight with healthy way?	How do I lose weight?
When will lenovo K3 note smartphone get Android N software update?	When will Lenovo K3 Note get the Android 7 upgrade?
Where can I find good branded clothing in Bangalore at cheap price?	Where can I find cheap branded cloths in Bangalore?
What is zener diode?	What is a zener diode?
How is the HTC One E9+?	Does the HTC One E9+ have any issues?
What are the best ways to get rid of acne?	How can I get rid of pimples all over my face?
What should I do after graduation? Graduation	What can I do after graduation?
What is the mechanics behind the Bank Reconcilation statement?	What is bank reconcilation statement?
What's the best thing you've ever read on Quora?	What is the best thing you have ever read on quora.com?
Who is the Archangel Michael?	Who is St. Michael?
How can one move to Japan?	How can I move to Japan?
What are the best Sidney Sheldon novels?	What is one of the best Sidney Sheldon book?
How does one earn money online without an investment from home?	How can i make money online easily?
What books and study materials I will need for political science and IR for CSE optionals?	Which of the study material is useful for the UPSC CSE optional political science and international relations?
Why was Cyrus Mistry removed as the chairman of Tata Sons?	Why was cyrus mistry sacked?
Which quote did motivate you most in your life?	What is a quote that never fails to motivate you?
How can one be a good product manager?	How Do I become a product manager?
What does a blind person see in their dreams?	Do people who are blind from birth have dreams?
Which is the best English adventure movie?	What are the best adventure movies?
What are the safety precautions on handling shotguns proposed by the NRA in Arkansas?	What are the safety precautions on handling shotguns proposed by the NRA in Oklahoma?
When will Spotify launch it's services in INDIA?	Daniel Ek: When will you launch Spotify in India?
What's a good Canadian web hosting provider?	Could you recommend decent Canadian web hosting services?
Can Zoloft make you more creative? I am feeling more creative when I take it.	Can Zooloft make you more creative?
How can I control on my anger?	What is the best treatment for controlling anger?
How is oil price determined?	What determines the price of gas?
How can I stop worrying about what other people think?	How do I learn not to care about what people think of me?
How did Trump win the presidency?	How did Trump win America's vote?
How do I commit suicide and make it seem like an accident?	How can I make a suicide look like an accident?
What are the things to keep in mind while starting business?	What are some of the basic things which must be kept in mind while doing business for the first time?
What's one thing about you that nobody knows?	What is the one thing no one knows about you?
How can we increase our stamina for running?	How do I increase my stamina?
Who will be the next president of US ?	Who will be the next president of US?
Why is Trivandrum continuing to be the capital of Kerala when it's inconvenient for people living towards the north of the state?	Why is Trivandrum the capital of Kerala and not Kochi?
Which Chinese food do you like most?	What's your favorite Chinese food ?
What are the ways of losing weight?	How do I actually lose weight?
How can you earn with a website?	How can we earn through websites?
Why do people often ask questions in Quora while they can Google it themselves?	Why should we use Quora when we can Google everything?
How did Donald Trump win the presidency?	How did Donald Trump won the 2016 USA presidential election?
Was Lord Voldemort a virgin?	Was Voldemort a virgin?
How do I deal with my Conservative parents?	What are the best ways to deal with conservative and conventional thinking parents?
What skills and training do you need to become an artist?	What skills do you need to be an artist?
What do I see if someone has deactivated their account?	What will I see if Facebook friend has deactivated account?
What is a periodic table?	What is the significance of the periodic table?
How do I erase my profile on Quora?	How do I withdraw at Quora?
Is chemical engineering a dead end career? What are opportunities after graduation?	What are the career opportunities after finishing chemical engineering?
How do I access my Yahoo account which has been compromised?	How would I retrieve my Yahoo account without access to my alternate email or phone number1?
How can one overcome procrastination?	What's an efficient way to overcome procrastination?
What is a way to make money online?	Is there any easy way to make money online?
What is the best laptop within 60k available in India?	What is the best laptop under Rs.60000 in India?
Were the ancient gods real life aliens?	Are Gods ancient aliens?
Is it healthy to eat one chicken every day?	Is it healthy to eat a tomato every day?
What are the best places to visit in Goa on a 2.5 day trip?	What places should one visit in Goa?
How do you deal with it when people gossip behind your back?	How do I deal with people who speak mean things behind my back?
Which books are best for neet and AIIMS?	Which books and study material is best for neet and AIIMS?
How do you make Quora a better place?	What makes Quora a better place?
What is difference between a tourist and a traveller?	What is the difference between a traveller and a tourist?
Where can I get very professional and reliable envelope printing service in Sydney?	Where can I get variety of envelope printing services in Sydney?
Does parallel universe exist? What are the consequences?	Do parallel universe exists? Any evidence in support of your answer will be appreciated?
What is the best way to learn SAS?	How do I learn SAS?
Which is the best city in the world to live in?	Which is the best city in the world to live in? Why?
What are some good books to start with introducing me to eastern philosophies?	What are some good books to learn about Eastern philosophies and religions?
Why do the electrons revolve around the nucleus?	Why do electrons revolve around the nucleus?
What is the capital market and who are its participants?	What is capital market?
What does the WPS button on a router do?	What is the WPS button on my Xfinity router?
How much time should you take in answering a Quora Question?	How is the amount of time you invest answering a Quora question worth it?
What are few best exercise to lose weight?	What are the best home exercises to lose weight?
Programming Languages: What is the best programming language to master?	What is the best programming language nowadays?
What are the best books on game theory?	What are the best books about Game Theory?
Does anyone believe that there is life on other planets?	What are some signs of life on other planets?
Is it compulsory to learn C before I learn Java?	Is it necessary to learn C Language over Java?
What literary works relate to Bible very closely?	What literary works relate to Bible closely?
How can imitation crab be cooked?	How should imitation crab meat be cooked?
What would be a silly question to ask in Quora?	What are some silly questions asked on Quora?
How should I control my emotion?	How do you control your emotions in public?
How will scraping of 500 and 1000 rupees notes help in curbing corruption and black money?	How will demonetization of 500 and 1000 rupee notes stop corruption?
Why I need a credit card?	Why do we need credit cards?
What are the evidences to support the ancient alien theory?	Is there any credible source open to public which testifies to the ancient alien theory?
How can I earn money online easily?	What is the easiest way to earn money from online?
How can I publish my book on my own?	How can one publish a book?
What are great start up ideas?	What is the best start up to start?
Does P = NP?	Is P = NP?
Have you ever encountered any supernatural phenomenon in your life?	Have you ever faced any supernatural moment in your life?
How do I install and start up C programming language?	How and where do I start learning C programming?
How good is DTU?	Is dtu actually good or is it bad?
Can I earn money online?	What are the various ways through which one can earn money online?
How can I make money online with free of cost?	Where can make money online free?
What are the best soccer sites?	What is the best soccer website?
The Indian government is banning the Rs. 500 & Rs. 1000 notes but it is coming up with the Rs. 2000 note. Will it not cause a generation of black money in the future?	How will banning Rs. 500 and Rs. 1000 notes help in overcoming corruption in India?
How can I prepare for the ssb interview?	How should one prepare for ssb?
How do I advertise my business on Quora?	Am I allowed to advertise on Quora?
Is Trump still going to build a wall a make Mexico pay for it?	How Donald Trump will make Mexico pay for the wall?
Why can't a body move faster than the speed of light?	How do we know that nothing can travel faster than the speed of light?
What is the job of the enforcement directorate?	What is the job of enforcement directorate?
What is a hypertonic solution? What are some examples?	What is a hypertonic solutions? What are some examples?
Is it possible we are someone's computer simulation?	Could the universe just be a computer simulation?
Which mobile phone should I buy under Rs.15000?	Which phone should I buy under 15k?
Who has viewed my Instagram?	Is it true that you can see who’s viewed your Instagram?
What do I do to make my dick bigger?	How do I make your dick bigger?
How much should I charge for graphic design?	How much should I charge for graphic designing?
Which is the largest city in the world by area?	What are the largest cities in the world by area?
Why do girls go to the bathroom in a group?	Why do ladies often go to the bathroom together?
Which is the largest country?	What is the largest country in the world?
What was the craziest dream that you've ever had?	What is the weirdest dream you ever had?
What is the best online site to learn C programming by myself?	What are some of the best online sites where I can learn C programming?
What are the greatest action movies?	What are the best action movies?
What is the best way to learn c programming from 0?	Which is the best way to learn C?
What can I do to find a job abroad easily?	How can we get job in abroad?
How long do you have to be bulimic until dentist notice?	How long do I have to be bulimic for my dentist to notice?
What is a good inpatient drug and alcohol rehab center near Maricopa County Arizona?	What is the most impressive Inpatient Drug and Alcohol Rehab Center in Maricopa County Arizona?
What is the meaning of LIFE to you?	What's are the meaning of life?
Why did Yahoo take so long to warn everyone about the 2014 Yahoo Hack?	Why did it take so long for Yahoo to disclose the 2014 breach?
Should I be concerned about Hilary Clinton's health?	Is all the speculation about Hillary Clinton's health unfair or justified?
Are women more physically attracted to skinny guys or to well-built guys?	Do women find skinny guys attractive?
How many aircraft carriers does India have?	How many aircraft carriers are there with India.How many are under construction and how many are planned?
What was your worst nightmare ever?	What was your worst nightmare?
Which IIT has best Hostel Rooms?	Which IIT has the best hostel facilities?
What are the benefits of being a jack of all trades but master of none?	Is there a use for anyone who is actually a jack of all trades but master of none?
What are the requirements of being a high frequency trader?	What are the qualifications for a high frequency trader?
Should people over 95 not be allowed to vote?	Should people over 88 not be allowed to vote?
What's the best programmnig language for begginers?	Which coding language is the best for beginners to start with?
Where can I download Modi's all Mann Ki Baat full episodes?	Where can I download all of the episodes of Mann Ki Baat?
What are the odds against the members of the Electoral College casting their votes for Hillary instead of Donald?	What are the chances of Electoral college votes for Hillary?
What is the best comedy TV serial/series?	What are the best comedy TV shows ever?
What is the dumbest thing you have done?	What is the stupidest thing you have done?
Which are your favourite cosmetics brand?	What is your favorite cosmetics brand?
What are the different parts of a compound microscope? What are their functions?	What are the different parts of a compound light microscope? What are their functions?
What are some examples of possession utility?	What is possession utility? What are some examples?
Can hamsters eat strawberries?	Can hamsters eat carrot? Why or why not?
Why should I vote for Hillary Clinton?	Why should I vote for Hillary Clinton (apart from keeping Donald Trump out)?
How can you track a cell phone?	How do I track my partners phone?
How are bulk messages sent using WhatsApp?	How do I send bulk messages through WhatsApp?
What should I write my next eBook about?	How do I choose what to write an Ebook about?
What are the best incest movies ever?	Which is best incest movie?
What are the most fascinating things about time travel?	Why is time travel so fascinating to you?
What is the easiest and painless way to commit suicide?	What is the most painless way to commit suicide?
What was the relationship between Jesus and Mary Magdalene?	What was the role of Mary Magdalene in Jesus Christ's life?
How one should get prepared for campus placement?	How should one prepare for a campus placement?
What's the best way to potty train a dog?	How can I potty train a difficult dog?
What do you want a skincare app to have?	How can a skincare app help you? What features would you want it to have?
How do I gain weight in 10 days?	How can I gain weight in 7 days?
What's the best thing you've ever read on Quora?	What is the best thing you have read on Quora?
Are animals becoming intelligent over time?	Do animals become any smarter over a period of millions of years?
Will apple release a new MacBook Pro soon?	When will Apple release the next generation of MacBook Pros ?
How did Donald Trump manage to win the 2016 US election?	How did Donald Trump win the 2016 Presidential Election?
Which pharmaceutical company provides medicines at low prices?	Which pharmacy provides medicines at low prices?
Why are some people unhappy in this world?	Why are people unhappy?
How can I gain healthy weight and mass?	How do I gain healthy weight without eating junk?
How much money does an popular YouTubers get from YouTube?	How much money do you think popular YouTubers make?
Should I give money to beggars?	Is it right to give money to beggar?
Can I block a topic on Quora?	How do I block topics on Quora?
Who is the best football player in the world and why?	Who are the best football player in the world?
How do I stop masturbation permanently?	How can I stop doing masturbations?
What is your view/opinion about Akhilesh Yadav being expelled from Samajwadi Party?	What is the reason behind suspension of Akhilesh Yadav from Samajwadi Party?
How does Google Maps traffic work?	How do traffic maps work in Google?
How can I stop myself from spending more time on the internet?	How can I stop spending so much time on the Internet?
What is the difference between steam and vapor?	Thermodynamics: What is the difference between steam and vapour?
Which prison gang is the most dangerous?	What prison gang is the most dangerous? Why?
Can a person with tattoo can donate blood?	If I have a tattoo can I donate blood?
How to add a link in a Quora answer to another Quora answer when using Quora iPhone app?	How do I copy and paste a link to another answer in the Quora iPhone app?
Why did people around the world start hating Islam?	Why do people hate Islam?
Which is the best laptop to purchase under INR 60K?	What is the best laptop under Rs.60000 in India?
What should I do when I feel totally lost?	Why do I feel lost? What should I do?
What will happen if India decides to give Kashmir to Pakistan?	What will happen after India gives Kashmir to Pakistan?
What was the Christmas truce?	What happened at the Christmas truce of 1914?
Why can people feel they are watched by others?	Why do some people feel like they are being watched?
What it is like working at goldman?	What's its like working at Goldman Sachs?
Which are best places to visit in GOA during vacations?	What are all the best places to visit in goa?
Fellatio: What is it like to give a blowjob?	How does it feel to give a blowjob?
How can I overcome the habit of procrastination?	How can I stop procrastination?
Who are the top 10 Jedi who survived Order 66?	Who were the top 10 Jedi that survived Order 66?
Why don't people answer my question on Quora?	Why do people never answer my question on Quora?
Why have you stopped using Facebook?	Why did you stop using Facebook?
How do I earn money through online in India?	Which is the best way to earn money online in India?
Is Iran part of the Arab countries? Is it like what media say?	Why isn't Iran an Arab country?
How is life after being graduated from any IIM or a good business school?	How is life after earning a MBA from a top India business school?
How would be the economic relationship between India and America if Hillary Clinton becomes the President?	What will be Hillary clintons India policy if she becomes president?
I have forgotten my password for Facebook and no primary email and phone is added to my account. How can I get access to my account?	How can I find my old password or can I log into Facebook from my Gmail account?
What are great examples of absent mindedness?	What are best stories about absent mindedness?
Would you date a Muslim guy?	Would you date a Muslim guy? Why/why not?
What are the best ways to get rid of boredom?	How do you get rid of boredom and irritation?
How do I read minds?	How do I read peoples mind?
What is the best food to eat when you are down with fever?	What are the best foods to eat when you have fever?
How do I get my dog to not pee in the house?	How do I get my dogs to stop peeing in my house?
How did they take a picture of the Milky Way Galaxy in the Cosmos' first episode even though we are inside the Milky Way Galaxy?	How is the picture of our Milky Way galaxy taken from the outside if we are inside the galaxy?
What is the best sex youve ever had?	What is the best sex experience you have ever had?
What can I use Java for?	What is Java primarily used for?
Can snapchat be used for business?	How can I use Snapchat for business?
What are some best way to reduce mental stress quickly?	What are the best and quickest ways to reduce stress?
Will India win a single medal in Rio Olympics 2016?	How many medals is India expected to win at the 2016 Rio Olympics?
How can I learn communication skills?	How can you improve your communication skills?
Which city is the best in India? Why?	What are the best cities in india?
Can you explain trade relation between India and Pakistan?	What are the current trade relations between India and Pakistan?
What is the correct time to take green tea for weight loss?	Does green chai tea assist with weight loss?
Is there a scientific name for what existed before the Big Bang?	What happened before the Big Bang happened?
How do you solve a 3x3 mirror cube?	What is the best way to solve a 3x3 MIRROR Cube? How can I learn solving it?
How do I raise a puppy well?	How do I raise a puppy?
Should I buy the IPhone 6s or Samsung Galaxy s7?	How is Samsung Galaxy S7 compared to iPhone 6s Plus?
What is the biggest lie you ever told to yourself?	What is the biggest lie you have told yourself?
What are the questions asked in SSB interviews?	What are some questions asked in SSB interview?
Is there any chance of Eminem coming to India in the near future?	What are the chances of Eminem coming and performing in India?
What are drug rehab centers like?	What is drug/addiction rehab like?
Can a person control his emotions at will unknowingly?	How do you control your emotions in public?
What is the secret of keeping a successful long distance relationship?	How do we can remain satisfied in a long distance relationship?
What is your favourite comic book ever?	What's your favorite comic book ever?
What places should I visit during my visit to Kerala during July?	What are the best places to visit in Kerala?
Why did Zayn Malik left one direction?	Why did Zayn leave One Direction?
What was meant by the final scene in 2001: A Space Odyssey?	What is the ending scene in 2001:space odyssey?
What are the foods that reduce tummy fat?	Which exercise is effective to reduce tummy and belly fat?
What is the weirdest question you have ever been asked in an interview?	What was the hardest job interview question that you have been asked?
Is demonetisation helping Indian economy?	How will this recently introduced Demonetisation improve Indian economy?
How do I stop a German Shepherd/Border Collie mix puppy from chewing my shoes?	How do you stop a English Bulldog/Pitbull mix puppy from biting my shoes?
Do running increase your height?	What are the ways to gain height?
What are the functions of proteins in the cell membrane?	What is the function of proteins in a cell membrane?
What is the best and fastest way to increase your height?	How can anyone increase height?
What was the worst decision you have ever made?	What is the worst decision?
Do parents have a favorite kid?	Do you have a favorite child?
Why do people stay in unhealthy or abusive relationships?	Why do people stay in toxic relationships?
How do venture capitalists actually work?	How do venture capitalists work?
What's the best way to drive traffic to a blog?	What are some good ways to drive traffic to my blog?
How do I use the law of attraction to get a girlfriend?	How can I get the girl I like using the law of attraction and also using self affirmations?
What are the most interesting questions and answers on Quora?	What are some best questions posted in Quora?
How can I make money online for free?	What is the easiest way to make money online without spending a lot of time or money?
In what way can I join Indian defence service?	What should I study in order to join rhe Indian defence?
Is it possible to get one's social security number changed?	Can I change my social security number?
What is your creative New Year's resolution for 2017?	What should be my resolution for 2017?
How do you control your anger?	What should I do for controlling anger?
Which age is the best to start teaching my little son to play chess?	What is the best way to encourage 4-5 year olds to play chess?
Where can I talk to a doctor online?	Are there services to have a doctor visit online?
Is Hinduism just a practise and not really a religion?	Is Hinduism a religion?
How is the coefficient of kinetic friction found?	How is the coefficient of kinetic friction measured for any given pair of surfaces?
Does masturbation causes pimples?	How bad is masturbation and what are the bad effects?
Is world war 3 likely?	Is World War 3 closer than it has ever been?
What are some good books for spiritual enlightenment?	What are the best spiritual books in the world?
What is a unicorn startup?	What is unicorn startups?
Has anyone ever tried to live in the North Pole?	Does anyone live at or near the North Pole?
What is it like to play for an NFL team that you've grown up rooting against?	How do NFL players deal with playing for a team that they grew up hating?
Why do many Quora users ask questions they could look up online?	Why do people ask questions on Quora that could simply be googled?
Do I need an antivirus program for my Macintosh? Why or why not?	Why don't Mac computers need an antivirus program?
Why do people get paid to live in Alaska?	Do people get paid to live in Alaska?
What are the good human being qualities?	What are the qualities of a good human being?
What are some special cares for a featherless parrot?	What are some special treatments for featherless parrots?
What is the difference between the brain and the mind?	How is the brain different from the mind?
How can I fix a clogged catalytic converter?	What can I do to clean the catalytic converter?
How do you stop German Shepherd/Husky puppies from biting your stuff?	How do I stop my Pit Bull/English Bulldog mix from biting my shoes?
What is the biggest lie?	What are the biggest lies?
Why would people pretend to be a psychopath?	Why do people pretend to be psychopaths?
Gillian Anderson: What advice would you give to some of your younger fans?	Gillian Anderson: What would be your advice to your younger fans?
Do the Great Lakes have any salt water?	Why are oceans salty but the Great Lakes aren't?
Does Donald Trump have any potential to be a good president?	Donald Trump: Would you be a good president?
How can I make my self physically strong?	How do I make myself physically strong?
Where can we get a gap year affidavit?	Where can I get a gap year affidavit?
Why is there such a disparity between IMDB ratings and Rotten Tomatoes reviews?	Why do Rotten Tomatoes movie ratings sometimes differ significantly from IMDb ratings?
What does super or ultra super critical technology mean?	What is super critical boiler?
Why is Saltwater Taffy candy imported in Italy?	Why are saltwater taffy imported in Japan?
How can a person build his/her presence of mind?	Is there any way to develop my presence of mind?
What's the point of having a girlfriend in highschool?	What is the point of having a girlfriend as a teenager?
If we use the Jio sim in one phone and we can use in another phone?	Can I activate Jio sim in one 4G phone and then use that sim on another 4G phone?
What is the difference between net assets and equity?	What is the difference between equity and net assets in terms of accounting?
What's your most embarrassing moment in front of the whole class?	What is your most embarrassing moment in front of the whole class?
Is the surgical strike against Pakistan fake?	Did India really conduct a surgical strike on Pakistan?
How can I reduce my Belly and tummy fat?	How can I reduce my belly fat through a diet?
Why are cars made to go significantly faster than the highest national speed limit?	Why do cars let you go over the speed limit?
Daniel Ek: Why spotify is not available in India for free?	Daniel Ek: Why is Spotify not available in India?
What was the weirdest dream you have had?	What has been your weirdest dream?
How do you determine the surface area of cuboid?	How can you find the total surface area of a cuboid formula?
What is the best way to lose calories fast?	What are the best ways to lose a lot of weight as quickly as possible?
What happens when you lose your virginity?	What was it like to lose your virginity?
What are some tips on how to increase rank in search engines?	How do I increase the page rank of my blog?
Why do people ask so many Googleable questions on Quora?	Why do people ask basic questions instead of searching them?
Who is the worst Hollywood actress?	Who are some of the worst actresses in Hollywood?
Which things make life interesting?	What should I do to make my life interesting?
How can I travel without money to work voluntarily?	How can I travel the world without having enough money?
Website traffic analytics will show statistics for "direct navigation" which includes both typed in URL's (domain +.com) in the URL bar, as well as those using bookmarks to get to a site. What is an estimate for the breakdown of each?	Website traffic analytics will show statistics for "direct navigation" which includes both typed in URL's (domain +.com) in the URL bar, as well as those using bookmarks to get to a site. Are there any statistics that show an estimated percentage of each rather than lumping them together?
How does ATP provide energy to drive reactions? How is ATP hydrolysis thermodynamically favourable?	How does ATP give energy to a reaction?
Will Donald Trump beat Hillary and become our next president?	Will Donald Trump or Hillary Clinton win the 2016 US presidential election?
What basically is big data?	What's big data?
What are some causes of sores in the labia minora?	What are the causes of having a swollen and itchy labia minora?
How should I study effectively?	What our some tricks to study efficiently?
How does the HP OfficeJet 4620 Airprint compare to the HP DesignJet Z5200 44-in Photo Printer?	How does the HP OfficeJet 4620 Airprint compare to the HP LaserJet Enterprise 700 Printer M712dn?
How can Apple products get a virus?	Computer Viruses: Can Apple products be infected with a virus?
What is wrong with Indian engineering education system?	Why is the Indian education system worthless?
Why the suicide rate is high in Japan?	Why is Japan's suicide rate so high?
What's the nicest thing you have ever done for anyone?	What is the nicest thing you've ever done?
What is/are your New Year resolutions for 2017?	What's your new year resolution for 2017?
What are some profitable private businesses that can be started in India with an initial investment of up to Rs.50 lakh?	What are some profitable businesses that can be started in India with an initial investment of up to Rs.50 lakh?
How can I earn money easily online?	How can I earn money online from home only?
Who should be the next chair of the DNC?	Who will be the next DNC chair?
How can I see things from others' perspectives?	How can I see things from a different perspective?
What would be the best day of your life?	What is the best day of your life and what made it so amazing it stayed in your mind forever?
What is your favorite mythological creature?	Which is your favourite mythological creature?
What are some best cheap hotels in Goa (beach side)?	Which hotel is the best to stay in Goa if you're on a budget?
How can we make our life easy?	How do I make my life simpler?
Is there a chance that Donald Trump turns out to be a very good president?	Does Donald Trump have any potential to be a good president?
How is it to opt for Agriculture and Food engineering in IIT Kharagpur? What is the scope for non core jobs?	What is the career of an agricultural engineering seat in IIT Kharagpur?
Can we change email id registered with Aadhar card?	How can I register my email ID and phone number in an Aadhar card - UID online?
Where can we find the best Event Decorators in Hyderabad?	From where we can get best decorators for my events in Hyderabad?
What makes a true friend?	What is a true friend for you?
How can I increase the traffic to a website?	How can I increase traffic to my website using social media?
Will anything replace Facebook?	Will anything completely replace Facebook?
What makes a good software developer?	How can I make a good software developer?
How can I ensure my app idea cannot be stolen when outsourcing my work to the development team?	How do I protect my app idea when I am outsourcing its development?
How do Vietnam people think about Chinese?	How do Vietnamese people view the Chinese?
How do I gently persuade my mom to lose weight?	What can I do to persuade my mother to lose some weight?
Why is Saltwater Taffy candy imported in Hong Kong?	Why is Saltwater Taffy candy imported in Italy?
What are the best ways to get to America?	What is the way to get to america?
What is right wing and left wing terrorism?	What is left wing and right wing terrorism?
How do I accept the truth of life and move on?	How do I accept the truth of my situation in life?
How would you describe the nitrogen cycle?	How can the nitrogen cycle be described?
What is your favourite flower and why?	Which is your favourite flower?
Why do girls dress provocatively?	Why do many women dress so immodestly and provocatively?
Why do you want to leave your company?	Why do you want to leave the company?
What is the equation for speed of light? How is it determined?	How do you determine the equation for the speed of light?
Is it true that Economic recession is going to strike back in next 2-3 years? (In 2017-18)	Is it true that Economic recession is going to strike back in next 2-3 years? (In 2017-18)?
Why do people ask such questions here on Quora which could be easily found on the internet?	Why do people write questions on Quora that could be answered with a quick web search?
What are the different types of communication patterns?	What are the different types of communication?
How does having sex feel for the first time?	How does it feel to have your first sex?
Which is the best compliment you have ever received?	What is the best compliment you have ever received?
What is user experience design?	What is UX design?
What are the weirdest questions you came across on Quora?	What are some of the weirdest questions asked in Quora?
What is it like to be depressed as a parent?	What is it like to have a depressed parent?
How can I prove that every even number is a sum of two prime numbers?	Even numbers greater than 3 are always a sum of two prime numbers. How do I prove it?
Which is the evidence supporting the Theory of Plate Tectonics?	What are the evidence of plate tectonics?
What are some trampoline exercises?	What are the best trampoline exercises?
Why do some people vomit after getting drunk?	Why do people vomit after drinking?
Lies and Lying: What is the easiest way to catch a liar?	How do you catch a liar?
How could bringing in new 500 and 2000 rupee notes by the Indian govt eradicate black money?	How will demonetization of 500 and 1000 rupee notes stop corruption?
How could I be fluent in English?	HOw do I speak Fluent English?
What if Muslims never existed?	What would have happened if Muslims had never existed?
How much does the Emergency Care course cost?	How much does the Emergency Care course costs?
How should I plan my travel for the USA?	How should I plan for my first onsite travel (International travel to USA)?
What is the best evidence for the existence of aliens?	Is there any scientific proof for the existence of aliens?
How can you delete your Yahoo Mail ID?	How do you permanently delete your Yahoo account?
How can you freeze a pudding pie?	Can you freeze pudding?
What is it like to be raped?	Have you been raped?
What are some of the best Indian ads of all-time?	What are some of the best Indian ads ever?
What would the world be like if the Nazi Germany had won WW2?	What would have happened if Germany had won WWII?
What is the most beautiful moment in your life?	 What is the most beautiful moment in your life?
What foods should I stop eating?	What are the foods one should stop eating?
Why do black squares appears on a TV screen?	Why are black squares appearing on my TV's screen?
What can you teach me right now that could change my life?	What can you teach me that can be useful in my life?
How do I increase font size in Quora?	How can I increase the size of the font on Quora?
How can I realistically make money online?	What is best way to make money online?
What is the best way of improving spoken English?	How do I learn spoken English?
How do children learn from us?	What could young people learn from old people?
What is the best diet for weight lose?	How can I lose weight through diet and healthy eating?
Does Hillary Clinton really want to start a war with Russia?	Will Hillary Clinton make decisions that escalate into a war with Russia?
How does a circuit breaker work?	What are circuit breakers? How do they work?
What is your New Year's resolutions for 2017?	What's your resolutions for 2017?
Is the U.S. stock market rigged?	Is the stock market “rigged”?
How do I improve my appetite ?	What should I do to improve my appetite?
How does it feel to be a gay or lesbian in India?	How does it feel like to be gay in India?
Does caste system affect economic growth of India?	How does caste system affect the economy of India?
Why there can't be Ram Mandir in Ram Nagri Ayodhya?	Should we build a Ram Mandir in Ayodhya?
Can India ever host the Olympics?	When will India host an Olympics?
What is Murphy's Law and how was it created?	What is Murphy's Law?
What is primary purpose of life?	What is purpose of life?
What is the fastest way to lose my bulging gut and stubborn love handles?	How can I lose my love handles?
How could you get rid of self guilt?	How do I get rid of guilt?
What is the meaning of this life?	What is the meanings of life?
What qualities should you look for when deciding whether or not to follow someone on Quora?	What factors decide who you follow on Quora?
Is Arnab Goswami one of the best news anchors in India?	Is Arnab Goswami the best news anchor in India at present?
What would you ask Tim Cook if you had the chance to meet with him?	If you had 15 minutes with Apple CEO Tim Cook what would you ask him?
What is diffrence between freedom and liberty?	What is the difference between Freedom & Liberty?
What would be the best gift for my girlfriend on her birthday?	What I should gift to my girlfriend on her birthday?
How many hours should an engineering student study?	What are the study hours of an engineering student?
Which is the best book for clearing basic concepts of chemistry?	What are the best concepts books for chemistry?
How can I use WhatsApp web without scanning the QR code?	How can I use WhatsApp using my phone number on my laptop and without scanning the QR code?
Should Facebook credits become a currency?	Will Facebook Credits become a valuable currency?
What is the dumbest thing you have ever done?	What is the stupidest thing you ever did?
Has Jimmy Wales ever upvoted an answer?	Does Jimmy Wales ever upvote an answer written by someone else?
What form of religion would aliens in other planets have?	What religions would aliens have?
Why do so many people ask questions on Quora that can be easily answered by any number of legitimate sources on the Web? Have they not heard of Google or Bing?	Why do so many people ask questions on Quora that can be found in a Google search?
Can a communication engineer get into NASA?	What can I do to become a Communications Engineer at NASA?
How can I learn to build a compiler?	How do I write a simple compiler?
Should I still join the military now that Trump is President?	Should I still join the U.S Marines now that Trump is President?
How do I improve body muscles?	How do I increase our body muscles?
How can I develop patience and love towards reading?	How do I develop the patience to read books?
Why do some men want to have anal sex with women?	Why are some men obsessed with anal sex?
How can we get rid of mobile addiction?	How do I overcome mobile addiction?
Can I do masters in genetics after completing B.sc in biotechnology?	Can I do masters in genetics after studying biotechnology (B. Sc) ?
How can I improve my memory problem?	How can I improve my memorizing ability?
Why does Quora open each link in a new tab?	Why do links on Quora prefer opening a new window/tab?
Did matter exist before the big bang?	Before the Big Bang was it in complete darkness?
What should I do on my girlfriend's birthday to make her feel special when I’m far away from her?	I am far away from my girlfriend. What should I have to gift her on her birthday?
What are some examples of inclined planes in geometry?	What are some examples of an inclined plane that help explain what it is?
How can we earn money online without any or little investment?	What are the best ways to earn money online without investment?
What is the difference between Chinese culture and Western culture?	What is the difference between Chinese and western culture?
How can I publish my book on my own?	How do I get a book published?
What are biotic and abiotic components?	How do biotic and abiotic factors compare and contrast?
What is exactly is a firewall?	What is a firewall?
When was your first sex experience?	How does it feel to have sex the first time?
What do you think happens to our consciousness when we die?	What happens to human consciousness after death?
Can I hack WhatsApp of someone?	Can I hack WhatsApp?
Will India ever become a cashless economy?	Is it possible to become 100% cashless economy in India?
How can I come out of my comfort zone and stay concentrated?	How exactly can I get out of this comfort zone by motivating myself?
Is it possible to get pregnant while you are on your period?	Is it possible to get pregnant during my period?
How can I learn very quickly?	How we can learn quickly?
What are some examples of non-biodegradable waste?	What are some examples of non biodegradable waste?
Where can I find an indoor badminton court in Gurgaon (preferably near Sector 23)?	Where can I find indoor badminton courts to play?
What will happen if Trump wins for president will it be all bad?	What would happen if trump became the president?
Genetics and Heredity: What is genetics?	What does genetics mean?
Do you like Coke Studio Pakistan?	What is your review of Coke Studio (Pakistan)?
Who is the most over rated actress in hindi cinema?	Who is the most overrated actress in Bollywood today?
What is the best decision you have ever made?	What was the best decision you ever made?
How should I prepare myself for civil services examination?	How can I start preparing for civil service examination?
How can we remove reservations based on caste from India?	What steps can the government of India take to abolish caste based reservation from the country?
What is the fastest way to charge an iPhone?	What is the best way to charge my iPhone?
How do you make frosting without butter?	How do you make homemade frosting without butter?
What are the best resources for beginners to learn and start to become a UI Designer?	What is the best way to learn and become a Ui designer?
What's the strongest muscle in the human body?	Which is the strongest muscle in human body?
What will really happen if Trump becomes President?	What will happen now that President-elect Donald Trump has won the election?
Where can I find a qualified hacker?	Where can I find/employ a real hacker?
Is the 2016 MacBook Pro with Touch Bar a worthy buy?	What are your thoughts on the new 2016 MacBook Pro?
Life Advice: How can I make my life simpler?	How can I make life simple?
What is your review of No Man's Sky?	How good is No Man's Sky?
How can an introvert person become extrovert?	Can an introvert learn to become an extrovert?
Will the current tension between India and Pakistan result in a war?	What is the possibility of war between India and Pakistan due to terrorism?
What is your favorite sexual position and why?	What is your favorite position during sexual intercourse? Why?
How do I overcome emotional attachment to a person?	What do you do to overcome emotional attachments?
In Proverbs, why does Solomon refer to wisdom as "she"?	Why does Proverbs refer to wisdom as she?
Why are woman so afraid of getting intimate with men?	Why are women so afraid of getting intimate with men?
How much time will spotify take to land in India?	Daniel Ek: What are the hardships for Spotify to be launched in India?
Is Donald Trump going to go to jail for flying his jet illegally?	Why is Donald Trump not in jail for his comments?
What causes people to judge a person by the way they look?	Why do we judge people by their appearances?
What are controlled variables? What are some examples?	What are some examples of controlled variables?
What should I do to earn money online?	What is the easy way to make money online?
What is cultural relativism? What are some examples?	What are some examples of cultural relativism?
Whats the best way to reduce belly fat?	How can I reduce belly fat and overall weight?
What is the best way to memorize the periodic table without mugging up as such?	Which is the best way to remember periodic table?
What are the best hashtags to use to get more exposure on Instagram?	What are the best hashtags to use as a photographer on instagram?
What is YOUR strategy for gaining a loyal audience for YOUR blog?	How do I grow an audience on my new blog?
What are some creative ideas you have?	What are some creative ideas?
How can I prepare for gate?	How should I prepare for GATE?
Which is the best laptop for gaming under 60k INR?	Which is best gaming laptop under 60000?
Which one is better spectacles for student: glasses or fiber?	Which one is better spectacle for student? Glass or Fiber?
How do I score above 95 in CBSE boards 2017 in 2 months?	How do I prepare for cbse class 12 within 2 months and score 95 above?
Why did Bob Dylan attain the Nobel Prize in literature?	Why is Bob Dylan being awarded the 2016 Nobel Prize in Literature?
What are the best books for SSC CGL preparation?	Books for SSC CGL?
What is the "flatten transparency" option used for in Adobe Illustrator?	What is the "flatten transparency" option used for in Adobe Illustrator? How is it used?
Should you buy a Royal Enfield classic 500?	Should I buy a Royal Enfield classic 500 Chrome?
What is the most credible news source?	What are the most credible news sources?
How to become a good listener?	What should I do to be a better listener?
What are the differences between China and western table manner?	What is the difference of table manners between China and the UK?
The Biggest Scam In The History Of Mankind - Is this true?	What do you understand about what Mike Maloney describes as the biggest scam in the history of mankind?
What are conspiracy theories?	What is a conspiracy theory?
Why can't I type a long questions at Quora?	Why can't we add long questions in Quora?
Should I vote for Donald Trump or Hillary Clinton?	Donald Trump or Hillary Clinton?
What are the biggest obstacles in Elon Musk's plan to colonize Mars?	What will be the biggest challenges of living on Mars?
How do I survive a long distance relationship?	How do I survive long distance relationship?
What websites are safe to watch Korean dramas?	What websites are free from malware to watch Korean dramas?
How can I loose weight naturally without exercise?	How do I lose weight without doing exercise or diet?
What do men like about women?	What do men most like about women?
What instrument is used to measure volume?	What scientific instruments can measure volume?
Social Etiquette: How long should I wait to text her?	How long should I wait to text her back?
Daniel Ek: Are there any future plans of releasing Spotify in India?	Daniel Ek: When is Spotify coming to India?
What are some good books on marketing?	What are some of the best books ever written about marketing?
How do I keep a conversation going?	How can I keep a conversation going?
What should I do for controlling anger?	How do I control my emotions and anger?
Where can I get huge selection of floor tiles in Sydney?	Where can I get a huge choice of high quality wall and floor tiles in Sydney?
What are the differences between Republicans and Democrats?	What's the difference between Republicans and democrats in USA politics?
What is/are your New Year resolutions for 2017?	What is your New Year's resolutions for 2017?
How do I get a dog?	What is the best way to get a dog?
Why are there so many questions about Japan?	Why are there so many questions regarding Japan?
How should I loose weight?	How do I reduce body weight?
Can I become a technical co-founder?	How can I become a technical co-founder for a startup?
How can I forget about my love?	How do I forget my first love?
Why do girls hide their feelings?	Why do girls like to hide their feelings?
What is the worst way to die?	Worst ways to die?
What should I do if my video is too large to send by email?	What are some ways of sending videos that are too large for email?
I have started to hate myself. What should I do?	I hate myself. What should I do?
How do I get cheap flight tickets?	What is the best way to obtain cheap flight fares?
What is parabola?	What is a parabola?
What are the pros and cons of banning currency notes of 500 and 1000 in India?	What are the pros and cons of banning 500 and 1000 rupee notes in India?
What were the best attempts to solve the P vs NP problem?	How does one go about solving the P versus NP problem?
What are the countries that were partitioned from ancient india?	What are the names of countries that were once part of India? Also when they got separated from India?
How do you treat allergies caused by bleach?	How do you treat allergy rashes caused by bleach?
What are some of the best Hindi short films on youtube?	What are some worth watching hindi short films on youtube?
What are the best books to read for recruiting?	What are the best books to read for recruiters?
Where can I get a high quality and professional painting & decorating service in Brisbane?	Where can I get high quality and professional interior and exterior painting at Brisbane?
What is your favourite fruit?	What's your favorite fruit?
What are some of the weirdest dreams you've had?	What's the most unusual dream you've ever had?
What are the best new products in technology that people don't know about?	What are some mind-blowing technology gadgets that exist that most people don't know about?
How do people come up with new ideas/be creative?	How do entrepreneurs come up with new startup ideas?
For you what is the meaning of life?	What is the meaning of my life?
What are some ways to help a teenager overcome depression?	How do I overcome depression?
Does God really play dice?	Does God play dice?
How can I download videos from hostar?	How do I download hotstar videos using Personal Computer or Laptop?
Do India girls watch porn video?	Do Indian girls watch porn videos?
What are the best free tools for cross-browser testing?	What are some good free cross-browser testing tools?
Does raising the minimum wage reduce poverty?	What does raising the minimum wage do?
Is there any other Android app which have the best user interaction like "Haptik app"?	Is there any Android apps have the best design and user interaction like haptik app?
What are some of the best jokes you've ever heard?	What are the best jokes ever?
What are some of your favorite quotes and why?	What are some of your favorite quotes?
How can I travel to other countries for free?	What is the best way to travel around the world for free?
What does a womens vagina taste like?	What do vaginas taste like?
Where can I get reliable fire protection service in Sydney?	Where can I get emergency fire protection service in Sydney?
Was the holocaust the only genocide to use gas chambers?	Was the Holocaust the only genocide that involved gas chambers?
What does it mean to be verified on Quora? What are verified profiles? How does Quora verify accounts?	What does it take to be verified on Quora?
What are the best gifts ideas for sisters to give on this Raksha Bandhan?	What are some of best ideas on gifts to sister for this Raksha Bandhan?
What percentage of atheists are terror-ists in the world?	What percentage of theists are terror-ists in the world?
How do you become more of a people person?	How do I become a more friendly person?
Why was Cyrus Mistry removed as the chairman of Tata Sons?	What are your views on Cyrus Mistry being removed as Chairperson of Tata Sons?
How do I become an effective blogger?	How can I be a effective blogger?
Which are the best tv series for learning English?	What is the best TV series for learning English?
How should one prepare for campus placements?	How do I prepare for campus placement?
How does GST curb black money in real estate transactions?	How GST can curb black money?
How did people came to know that the Big Bang occurred nearly 13 billion years ago?	How do we know that the universe is 13.7 billion years old?
Why do we love watching movies?	Why do we love movies so much?
What does an actuary do?	What does an actuary do and why are they  important?
What is the easiest way to develop Android application?	How can I develop Android application?
How do you stop stopping?	How do I stop stopping?
What are some of the best ways to grow my hair faster?	How can I grow my hair faster?
What causes a pilonidal cyst and how is it popped?	What causes a pilonidal cyst?
Can you get pregnant one day before ovulation?	How do I get pregnant just after my periods?
What is the Baluchistan issue?	What is the Baluchistan conflict all about?
What will be Hillary Clinton's policy for INDIA if she becomes the president?	What will be Hilary Clinton's policy towards India if she become President?
What are the most anticipated movies in 2017?	What are the expected best upcoming Hollywood movies in 2017?
How do I use Arraylist in Java?	How is ArrayList implemented in Java?
What are the best places to explore alone in Pune on the weekends?	What are some of the best hangout places in Pune?
Can you really sense something bad is going to happen right before it does?	Have you ever felt that something really bad was going to happen and your instinct was right?
What's a good book to self-study topology?	What is the best book intro to topology?
How close were the Israelis to using nuclear weapons in the yom kippur war?	Did Israel consider using nuclear weapons during the Yom Kippur War?
Does the new 2000 note has a chip inside for its tracking by GPS?	Is there really a chip embedded in the new Rupees 2000 note?
Magazine business in India?	Which is the business magazine in India?
How do I get rid of the pain of unrequited love?	What is the best way to get over unrequited love?
Why are rainbows formed?	How is a rainbow formed?
Fitness: What is the best cardio exercise to lose weight?	What are the best exercises to lose weight?
What is like to be raised by an Indian mother?	What is it like to be raised by an Indian Mother?
Can Electors of the Electoral College vote their conscience?	Can the electoral college stray from its states popular vote?
What are some mind-blowing facts about Indian army?	What are some incredible facts about the Indian armed forces?
Why is the design of Quora so bad?	Why is the design of the Quora webpage so bad?
Is curved spacetime the state of displacement of the strongly interacting dark matter which fills ‘empty’ space?	Is the state of displacement of the superfluid dark matter the physical manifestation of curved spacetime?
What are the symptoms of a bad speed sensor?	What are the symptoms of a bad transmission speed sensor?
What is it that girls look for in a guy?	What does a girl look for first in a guy?
Could dark matter fill 'empty' space and be displaced by matter? Could the Milky Way's halo be the state of displacement of the dark matter?	Is curved spacetime the state of displacement of the strongly interacting dark matter which fills ‘empty’ space?
How do I get into my Facebook if I can't remember passwords and I can't access email account?	How does one get Facebook to reset your account when your Facebook account is hacked AND your email is hacked?
How will the ban on existing 500 and 1000 rupee note affect India? What are the pros and cons?	What are the advantages and disadvantages of 500 and 1000 rupees ban in India?
Can Fast and Furious 7 gross $1 billion worldwide?	Will Furious 7 be the first movie in the franchise to gross a billion dollars?
What are some alternate theories to the singularity existing at t=0 just before the Big Bang? What else could have existed just before the Big Bang?	Did the void exist before the Big Bang?
What is the proudest thing you have?	What are you proudest of?
What are the things that annoy or irritate you on Quora?	What irritates you on Quora?
Why has the Tata sons board voted to remove Cyrus Mistry as chairperson?	What are the prospect reasons of Cyrus Mistry being fired by TATA sons?
Which SBI credit card is best?	Which credit card of SBI is best?
Why is Arvind Kejriwal so frustrated these days?	Why is Arvind kejriwal so frustrated?
How can I apply for a work permit in the US?	How can I get a work permit in the US?
Is it possible to get back lost hair?	How do I regain my lost hair?
What will we face after death?	Will we ever know what happens after death?
I have a massive crush on my close straight friend. He knows I'm gay but he does things that make me question him. What should I do?	I'm gay I feel in love with a straight boy. He is also my friend. What should I do?
How do I get started with deep learning?	What's the most effective way to get started with Deep Learning?
Is world war 3 likely?	Are we getting closer to world war 3?
How do I reduce my belly fat easily?	How can I reduce my Belly and tummy fat?
Where can I found spectacular collections for bridal dresses in Sydney?	Where can I get beautiful collection for bridal dresses in Sydney?
Why did Indian government scrap Rs 1000 and 500 note and instead is introducing Rs 2000 note?	Did the Indian government ban the 500 Rs & 1000 rupees notes?
Why is a president that was impeached going to be allowed back in the White House as the First Spouse?	Should a former president who was impeached and lost his bar licenses for misconduct be allowed to live in the White House again?
How can one open a demat account?	How do I open a demat account?
What is the secret behind Elon Musk's success ?	What is Elon Musk's recipe for success?
Will keep in iPhone plugged in harm battwry?	Will it damage my iPhone 6s Plus if I keep plugging it into the charger?
Why are most boys afraid of commitment?	Why are boys scared of commitment?
How can I improve my vocabulary?	How do I expand my vocabulary?
Which are some of the countries you have visited?	Which are some of the countries you have visited and which are yet to visit?
Why do we experience dreams while sleeping?	Why dream is coming while sleeping?
How do you improve your writing skills?	How can I improve my writing skills for blogs?
How do I improve my aptitude and reasoning skills?	How can I enhance my reasoning and aptitude skills?
What does your typical work day look like?	How does your typical day look like?
Is there an air cooler with humidity control available in India?	Is there an air cooler with humidity control available in India ?
Which is the best book for Python beginners to advance?	Which is the best book for learning Python 3 for absolute beginners?
How can l better Christian?	How do I become a better Christian?
What baseball pitch is most effective?	What is the most effective pitch in baseball?
How do I catch Charizard in Pokémon GO?	How do I catch charizard on Pokemon Go?
Who will win the Barclays Premier League 2016-2017?	Which team will win the 2016-17 Premier League?
How do I read peoples mind?	How can I read a human mind?
How should I prepare to get selected for Google summer of code.?	How should I prepare right from first year to crack Google Summer Of Code?
How do Christians reconcile their support for Donald Trump?	How do Christians justify supporting Donald Trump?
How is the value of 0! 1?	Why does 0! Equal 1?
What is the best programming language one must learn to stay updated today?	What is the best programming language for a beginner?
How do I do well in engineering classes?	How can I do well in Engineering class?
What are some CV worthy online Digital Marketing courses?	Which is the best digital marketing institute for professionals in India?
What is the best way to pay attention in a boring class?	How can you really pay attention in a super boring math class?
What is the best time to visit Kerala and what are the places to visit in a span of 8 days?	What is the best place to visit in Kerala in June?
How safe are the airlines?	What makes flying so safe for passengers?
Why are rainbows formed?	What are the colors of the rainbow and how is a rainbow formed?
What can I do to improve my English speaking?	How could I improve my English?
What is RAID 1 and RAID 5 in a computer?	What is RAID 1 and RAID 5?
How is Facebook going to beam internet from space?	How would have Facebook's satellite provided internet from the space?
Why does my iPhone battery drain quickly even if I'm not using it?	Why does my iPhone's battery drain quickly?
When was the Simon Commission started?	When was the Simon Commission?
What is fossil fuel?	What are fossil fuels?
What is still missing from the fashion industry?	What's missing in the fashion industry?
What is the best way for making money online?	How do you make money online?
Who are the founders of Google?	Who is founder of Google?
what are the best aircraft fighter jets ? where hal tejas stand ?	How good is LCA Tejas compared with other fighter jets in its category?
Is Tally software becoming old compare to SAP or ORACLE?	Is Tally software be coming old compare to SAP and oracle?
Do you think Movie doctor strange is good movie?	Was Dr Strange a good movie?
How did Asian people went to be seen yellow?	Do  Westerns commonly call Asian people yellow?
What are the major human caused threats to biodiversity? How can we solve this threats?	What are human impacts on biodiversity?
What are the top 25 private engineering colleges in India?	Which is the best private engineering college in india?
What is the best treatment for sexual impotence?	What is the fastest and effective treatment for Impotence?
How can one improve his/her sense of humour?	How can I develop a sense of humour?
What is the best online English dictionary?	What’s the best online english dictionary?
How do I know if I have anxiety?	How do you know if you have anxiety?
How do you completely shave your bikini area?	What is the safest way to shave your bikini area?
What are the best TV series you ever watched and why?	Which is best TV series you have seen? And way?
What is Hillary Clinton's plan to deal with ISIS?	What is Hillary Clinton's strategy against ISIS?
Does massaging your breasts actually increase the cup size?	Does breast massaging with olive oil increase breast size?
Why India has managed to progress over the past sixty years and why Pakistan remains so far behind?	Why has India left Pakistan behind?
Do Quora users still see questions that are marked as needing improvement?	"The question was marked as needing improvement" how to deal with this, what ever I do still this error pops up? Is it Quora bot or any user?
What are the some good movies to watch?	Which are some good movies to watch?
How do I become an actor in Telugu film industry?	How does one become an actor in the Telugu Film Industry?
How can we interact with new people?	How can we interact with new people effectively?
What is the worst thing that has ever happened to you?	What is the worst thing ever to happen to you?
Which direction is the best for sleeping?	What is the best direction for sleeping?
What are the major differences between Chinese and western culture?	What is the difference between Chinese culture and Western culture?
Who will win if war erupts between China & US?	What would a war between the US and China be like?
Do you think Facebook will die in the next couple years? Why?	Will Facebook die out soon?
Where can I get very comprehensive commercial painting services in Brisbane?	Where can I get quality commercial painting services in Brisbane?
What is right age to join gym. Does it affect the body negatively if joined at an early age?	What is the right age to join a gym?
Where can I get necessary legal advice and services in Sydney for property transaction?	Where can I get all types of legal advisory services for property transaction in Sydney?
How good is Rutgers MBS - Analytics program?	How good is MBS Analytics at Rutgers University and its placement?
Is scrapping old 500 and 1000 rupees notes and releasing new 500 and 2000 rupees notes a permanent solution for eradication of black money?	How effective is scrapping 500 and 1000 rupee notes? Will it reduce black money?
What are the advantages and disadvantages of having an electoral college over a popular vote?	What are the advantages and disadvantages of the Electoral College?
Why Modi is putting a ban on 500 and 1000 notes?	What are the advantages of the decision taken by the Government of India to scrap out 500 and 1000 rupees notes?
How do I add pictures to questions on Quora?	How do I add pictures to Quora questions?
What are the colors in the rainbow?	What is the sequence of colours in the rainbow?
Which are the best dragon ninjas games?	What is the best dragon ninja game?
What career advice would you give to someone who wants to become a commercial lender?	What career advice would you give someone who wants to become a commercial lender?
Why are Saltwater taffy candy imported in the Philippines?	Why is Saltwater taffy candy imported in Laos?
What are the predicted winning lottery numbers?	What will be the next set of lottery numbers?
What is egoisme in language?	What are egoisme in language?
What does heart break actually means? Does it really breaks? Why can't we move after break up?	Does it really hurts for months after a bad break up?
How will you come to know that you are in love?	How do know that you are in love?
How did Hillary Clinton lose the 2016 US Presidential Election despite winning the popular vote?	How is Hillary Clinton winning popular vote but didn't win election?
How can I become a porn star?	How can I become a pornstar ?
What does it take to manufacture non-lethal weapons in India for government consumption?	What steps should India or the Indian Government take to become a leading manufacturing exporter nation like China?
How do I improve my English writing and speaking skills?	How do I improve writing skills.?
How was “The Simpsons” program able to predict Trump's presidency in 2000?	How did The Simpsons program predict Donald Trump's presidency in the year 2000?
How can we make this world visa free?	How can we make this world visa and border free with a centralised government ?
How do I prepare for gate EE?	How should I begin my preparation for gate in EE?
Is there a possibility that there is already a cure for cancer?	Is there any cure for cancer?
How can new world order be stopped?	How long before the New World Order becomes a reality?
Why can't I beat my porn addiction?	How can I stop my porn addiction?
Why do people ask questions on Quora instead of Googling it?	Why do people bother to ask questions on Quora they could just google to get the answer?
How do I find an internship?	Finding an internship?
If I find a woman attractive due to her natural odor (a different MHC profile from mine) does it imply she would be equally attracted to my odor?	If I find a woman attractive due to her smell (a different MHC profile) does it imply she would be equally attracted to me owing to my natural odor?
How can I get my startup idea funded?	I have a business idea how do I get someone to partner with or fund my business?
Is it possible to survive a shot in the head with a .357 Magnum?	It's it possible to survive getting shot in the forehead?
How do I make my life simple?	How do I make my life simpler?
What would someone need to do to live to 100 years old?	What do I need to do if I want to live beyond the age of 100 years old?
How are white blood cells able to produce antibodies?	What are the white blood cells that produce antibodies?
What do you think a Trump presidency means for you?	What does a Trump presidency mean to you?
How do I access the deep dark web?	What is deep web and dark web? And how to access it?
How tall was Goliath?	How tall was Goliath the Philistine?
Does the U.S. have low social mobility?	Is social mobility low in the US?
Why is Rahul Gandhi termed as Pappu?	Why does Rahul Gandhi named as Pappu?
How can I improve at chess?	How can I improve my chess skill?
What are the top 5 packers and movers in India?	Who are best packers and movers in India?
Why do some people think the Earth is flat?	Why do some smart and wise people think Earth is flat?
What background verification services allow me to do a verification check on myself?	What background verification services or websites allow me to do a verification check on myself?
Does Google need advertisement?	Does Google really need advertisement for itself?
Is Quora a liberal site?	Is Quora a socialist liberal website?
How do you feel about Donald Trump being elected president?	How do you feel about Trump winning?
What are some interesting movies in 2016?	What are your top 10 favourite movies of 2016?
Where can I get a PPF account?	How does PPF works?
How do I get free website?	How do I get free websites?
What would be the advantages and disadvantages of having one world language?	Would it better if the whole world spoke in one common language?
What is the difference between atheists and agnostics?	What is the difference between agnostic and atheist?
What are some mind blowing bike inventions?	What are some mind blowing bike technology?
Why is Pokemon Go not releasing in India as Ingress was released in India?	Why hasn't Pokemon Go released in India?
What is the initial and final velocities for upward motion of object?	What is the initial and the final velocities for upward motion of object?
What are the various ways through which one can earn money online?	What is the best way for making money online?
How do I learn Chinese fast?	Which is the easiest ways to learn Chinese fast?
Why India can't ban Chinese products?	Should India ban all Chinese goods or anything which is made in China?
What's an interesting secret you care to share anonymously?	What is the sexual secret that you can't share with anyone but anonymously?
Why is the salary level in developing countries much lower than in developed countries for the same job / position?	Why does the same job pay much lesser in developing countries than in developed ones?
Is world wrestling entertainment's fights real or fake?	Are WWE fights real or pre planned?
What are the pros and cons of doing/not-doing a Master's of Science in computer science in the USA?	What are the pros and cons of doing/not doing a Master's of Science in the USA in computer science?
Where can I get a legal wholesale provider of Apple iPhone 7 Plus worldwide?	Where can I get a legal wholesale provider of Apple iPhone 7 and get worldwide to accept the payment list by WU?
How do I know if I like that guy or no?	How will I know if I like a guy?
What was the first living organism on Earth? Where did it come from?	What is the first organism formed on the earth?
How does it feel to be a pornstar?	How is it like to be a pornstar?
What is bad about Ubuntu 16.04 LTS?	What is your review of Ubuntu 16.04 LTS?
Do I need to know Django to use Django Rest Framework?	Do I need to learn Django in order to build an app with Django Rest Framework?
How can I go to America?	How can I go America?
Who will be the next PM of India in Election 2019?	Who is most likely to become the next Prime Minister of India in 2019?
What daily habits can greatly upgrade life?	What are some healthy daily activities and habits every student should adopt?
Why we believe in astrology ?	Why do you believe in astrology?
What are the effects of noise pollution?	What are the consequences of noise pollution?
How do I earn more money through internet/online?	How can I earn money on internet?
What should I do to be a good Speaker?	How can I become good speaker?
User Loyalty: What are the first 5 websites you sign onto everyday?	What are the best websites to visit everyday?
Is it possible to lose 5 pounds in 2 weeks without a regular diet?	What type of diets can I take to lose 5 pounds in 2 weeks?
What things were invented in ancient Rome?	What are some examples of technology developed in Ancient Rome?
How can I find a good and cheap hotel in Goa?	Which is the best cheap beach resort in Goa?
How do I start a business? Where can I get a funding in India if I have a really good idea?	Where can I get funding for my idea?
What is the best way to show your girlfriend that you love her?	How can I show my girlfriend I love her?
Professor Philip Moriarty claims that touching between objects occur when two forces come into balance. What do you think?	Does contact between two objects occur when two forces come into balance?
What are some of the things people in their 20s can do to become more intelligent?	How can a person become more intelligent?
Why do specific heat capacity of objects differ?	Why do different materials have different specific heat capacities?
A new Noah's Ark theme park just open in Kentucky. Do people actually believe this story?	Why do rational people believe in Noah's Ark?
How can I get into an Ivy League college?	How do I get into top 30 universities including the Ivy League schools?
Is there a proper way to comment a code?	Are there any tips on the proper way to comment your code?
Review of the movie "Baar baar dekho"?	What is your review of Baar Baar Dekho (2016 movie)?
What are the best replacements for chia seeds?	What are some good substitutes for chia seeds?
How can I stop masturbating forever?	How can I stop masturbations?
What is the best language to learn programming?	What is the best scripting language to learn today?
What should my rank be in JEE Main to get CSE in IIITD if I'm OBC of Delhi region?	What should my rank be in JEE Main to get CSE in IIITD if I'm OBC of outside Delhi region?
Which is the best movie scene in the entire history of cinema ?	What are the best scenes in movie history?
Why was Quora named Quora?	Why does Quora site named by that name?
Why did the Nazis hate Jewish people to the point of committing genocide?	Why did the Nazis hate Jews?
What will be Hillary Clinton foreign policy with respect to India once she becomes president?	What will be Hillary Clinton's policy towards India if she becomes president?
How does science explain the paranormal activities?	How does science explain the paranormal world?
Why do we not use nitric acid in redox titrations?	Why can't we use nitric acid in redox titration?
I finished my diploma in mechanical engineering. Am I eligible for doing a B.E in Germany?	I have completed diploma in mechanical engineering in India.how can I go to Germany for B.E /B.Tech?
What are the challenges in the culinary industry?	What are the issues in the culinary industry?
How does Demonetisation of 1000 and 500 rupees notes affect real estate industry?	How will the ban of 500 and 1000 rs notes will affect land prices?
How can I keep myself motivated to study hard and not get distracted by other things?	How can I keep myself motivated towards studies?
Which is the best service videocon refrigerator service center in hyderabad?	Which is the best service videocon refrigerator repair center in hyderabad?
Do shaving more make the beard to grow faster?	Does shaving regularly make hair grow quicker?
How should I focus on my studies?	How I focus on study?
Why do many people call Hillary Clinton a "crooked" liar? What did she lie about?	Politics: Why do people just ignore the fact that Hillary Clinton seems like a deceptive liar?
What is the valid option for earning money online?	What is the best way to earn money through online?
How would demonetizing 500 and 1000 rupee notes and introducing new 2000 rupee notes help curb black money and corruption?	Will the ban on 500 & 1000 rupee notes really work against corruption?
Russia is being blamed for hacking US computers. Will this lead to nuclear war between the US and Russia?	Is Russia threat of nuclear war real?
How can someone hack a Facebook account?	How do we hack a Facebook account?
Can India ban Chinese manufactured goods?	Why don't India ban Chinese products to boost it's economy?
Do you like fast food and why?	Do you like to eat fast food?
How can I become the dictator of India?	Can someone become the dictator of India?
How do I get rid of cellulite from my lower body? What kind of physical activity helps?	How do I get rid of cellulite on my thighs and butt?
Which companies are best in customer service? Why?	Who has the Best customer service?
How should I celbrate my 13th birthday?	How should I celebrate my 13th birthday?
What are particle accelerators?	What is a particle accelerator?
Where can I hire very experienced plastering contractors in Boston?	Where can I get expert plastering contractors service in Boston?
Which are some of the best biographies?	Which is the best biography to read?
How can I increase website traffic?	How to increase my website Traffic?
What will be the repercussions of banning Rs 500 and Rs 1000 notes on Indian economy?	What will be the effects of demonitizing 500 and 1000 rupees notes in Indian economy?
What is the best site to listen and download english songs?	What are the best websites to dowload english songs?
Why does India need a Uniform Civil Code?	Should India have a uniform civil code (personal laws)?
Why do some people on Quora edit questions to the point the original question or important details are lost?	Why does Quora give people the ability to change the original question or topic?
How can I reduce my hips and tummy in less than a week?	Which exercise is effective to reduce tummy and belly fat?
How do I overcome smartphone addiction?	How do I fight my phone addiction?
What are some causes of a throbbing pain in the left side of my chest?	Why am I feeling a throbbing pain in the left side of my chest?
How are storms named?	How are cyclones and hurricanes named?
What are good places in India to learn martial art?	Which is best place to learn martial arts in India?
How do I prevent myself from dozing off during lectures?	How can I avoid sleepiness during lectures?
Which are the best english TV series I should watch now?	What are the best English TV series?
Can you change your team on Pokemon Go?	How do I change team in Pokémon GO?
Support gay marriage?	Do you support same-sex marriage? Why?
Are there any black magic success stories?	Has any one had success with black magic love spells?
What are some successful ways to quit smoking?	How did you quit/stop smoking?
Is the word "Jew" offensive to those of Jewish heritage and/or faith?	Is "Jew" a derogatory word for a Jewish person?
Can you lose weight without exercising?	How do I lose weight without doing exercise or diet?
What is the force of gravity between the earth and the moon?	What is the gravitational force between the earth and the moon?
How can I lose weight effectively?	How can I lose 10 Kilos?
What is the best way to prepare for GATE in CSE?	How do I prepare for GATE CSE?
When will we become extinct?	Will humans eventually become extinct?
What is the easy way to make money online?	How can I earn money part time online?
What are the best ideas to start a business with a small capital of rs 50000?	What is the best idea to start a business with capital of 50000?
Why do many Indian Christians keep Hindu names?	Why do some Christians in India have half Hindu names?
Can a woman get pregnant three days into her cycle?	Can you get pregnant 8 days before your period?
Can you make your penis larger at the age of 27?	How can I make my penis big and long?
What is the best book for learning Java?	Which book is better for learning Core JAVA?
What lessons have you learned from life?	What can I learn from your life?
What is the best site to learn how to code in java?	What are some good sites to learn Java?
What type of dream do blind people see?	What does blind people see in their dreams?
How shall I name my future gift shop?	I want to open a gift shop. What should I name it?
How do I reset my password for my old snapchat account?	How do I reset my password for snapchat when I don't remember the old one?
How do Mars and Earth compare chemically?	How does the chemical composition of planet Mars compare to that of the Earth?
How do I earn more money by freelancing?	How much money can I earn freelancing?
Why should aloe vera products be made a part of the daily regimen?	Why should aloe vera products be made a part of daily regimen?
How do I get a job as a film and TV critic?	What are the qualifications to become a film critic?
What are some examples of Bose-Einstein condensate state of matter?	What are some examples of a Bose-Einstein condensate?
What are some suggestions and tips to (STAY) happily married?	How do I stay happily married?
What are the best books to learn C programming in depth?	I want to learn C programming. What's the best book that I should learn from?
How can I travel without money to work voluntarily?	How do I travel the world without spending my money?
Can India be a developed country?	How long will India be a developing country?
What is the funniest thing that ever happened to you in your lifetime?	What's the funniest thing that's ever happened to you?
What is the size of the universe?	Why is the Universe the size of what it is?
How can I Transfer Music from iPhone to Mac without iTunes?	How can I transfer data on iPhone to computer without iTunes?
Is it okay to have sex with your boyfriend before marriage?	Is having sex before marriage right?
What are some great activities you can do at a sleepover with your best friend?	What can you do in a sleepover with your best friend?
What would happen if the Lottery's annuity prize was removed and the prizes were all in cash?	What would happen if the lottery jackpot removed the annuity prize and if the lump sum was tax free?
In the future will India and pakistan be together?	Could India and Pakistan unite again?
What are the different parts of a compound microscope? What are their functions?	What are the different parts of a microscope? What are their functions?
Why do people overthink?	Why do people over think everything?
Is there a way to get free coins in Pokémon GO?	How do I get free PokéCoins in Pokémon GO?
What are the perks of being unattractive?	What are the advantages of being unattractive?
How can the equivalent resistance of a circuit be calculated?	How is the total equivalent resistance of a circuit determined?
What are the safety precautions on handling shotguns proposed by the NRA in Kentucky?	What are the safety precautions on handling shotguns proposed by the NRA in Vermont?
What is your New Year's resolution for 2017?	What are some of the best New Years resolutions for 2017?
How do you feel about falling in love with your best friend?	How does it feel to fall in love with your best friend?
If energy is created and not conserved in an expanding universe (that expands without limit) can infinite energy be created then?	If dark energy is created with expansion can infinite of it be created?
Who visited my profile on whatsapp?	How do I know how many people saw my profile picture in WhatsApp?
How do I lose fat from thighs and hips as soon as possible?	How can a female reduce thighs and hips fat fast and forever?
How can I get a toned but not bulky body?	How do I get a toned body as a girl?
How would you deal with an angry parent?	How do you deal with angry parents?
What are the specifications of a gaming laptop?	What are the specifications for a gaming laptop?
I'm a non-medical student. Can I attempt biology instead of mathematics in KVPY SA stream?	I am going to write KVPY SA Stream and I am not a Biology student. So will I be able to skip Biology in the exam?
How did early man discover sex and reproduction?	How did the early man learn to have sex?
What is the meaning of CMOS and its functions?	What is the meaning of CMOS?
What are the safety precautions on handling shotguns proposed by the NRA in Montana?	What are the safety precautions on handling shotguns proposed by the NRA in Idaho?
Why does my heart beat fast for no reason?	Why is my heart beating too fast no reason?
Does red bull energy drink have bull sperm in it?	Does Red Bull contain bull sperm?
Which is the safest train car to sit on average? Is it towards the front by the engine or towards the back?	What train carriage is generally the safest to sit in?
How one can define success?	How does one define success?
What is the best in ear headphones to buy under RS. 1000?	Which is the best in ear headphones under rs 1000?
Are you excited or downtrodden about the prospects and the future of the United States?	Are you exited or downtrodden about the prospect of the future of the United States?
How can I become an IAS?	How do I become IAS?
What do you think about victory of Donald Trump in the 2016 Presidential elections? How did he overcome expectations and data?	How did Donald Trump overcome expectations and data?
What is the best way to write a CV?	How do I write resume?
Why do so may people ask questions on Quora that can easily be found by a simple Google searh?	Why do people on Quora ask silly questions about the facts which can be googled very easily?
Is it possible to remain friends with an ex that was your friends first? How?	Is it possible to stay friends with your ex within a week from break up when you are both in love?
What is the difference between "power" and "authority"?	What is the difference between power and authority?
If I smoked 2 times in a week period can I pass a drug test in 3 weeks?	If I smoked weed once a week ago and took a home drug test 7 days later and passed it will I be able to pass a pre-employment drug test?
How should I take care of my health?	What are the best ways to take care of your health and to stay active all the time?
What is meant by "Learning"?	What is meant by learning?
What should I learn to be a software engineer?	What is to be done to be a good software developer?
Can I start my HR recruiter career from a consultancy?	Can I Start my HR career from a consulting agency?
What is the difference between a plunger and a piston?	What is the difference between a piston and plunge pump?
How do I get the confidence to talk to girls?	How do I get confidence to talk to girls?
How can people actually support Donald Trump?	Why do you think people are supporting Trump?
What are some inspirational songs?	What are some best inspirational songs?
How do I become more down to earth?	How can I become down to earth?
What are some motivational pics that inspire you?	What are some motivational pictures that inspires you?
Does mass have an affect on gravity?	In what way mass affects gravity?
Do fish fart?	Do fishes fart?
What is the solution of Kashmir problem?	What do you think is the best solution for the Kashmir issue?
Has India ever held a surgical strike?	Did India really conduct a surgical strike on Pakistan?
Which is the best way to learn algebra quickly?	What is the best way to learn algebra by yourself?
How can I locate my stolen phone?	How do I find my stolen phone?
Why does Hillary Clinton's health matter?	Is all the speculation about Hillary Clinton's health unfair or justified?
What are the safety precautions on handling shotguns proposed by the NRA in Washington?	What are the safety precautions on handling shotguns proposed by the NRA in Wisconsin?
How can I stop myself from spending more time on the internet?	How do you not waste time on the internet?
Do cats keep themselves clean?	Why do cats clean themselves after eating?
What are examples of reflexive and emphatic pronouns?	What are reflexive and emphatic pronouns? What are some examples?
What are some examples of value?	What are some examples of values?
What do you think of the CIA's conclusion of the alleged Russia interference to help Trump win the Presidential election?	Why do you think Russia is trying to help Trump win the election?
How can people trace the location of a call made from a cellular phone?	How do I trace the location of a mobile from which a call was received?
How do you move on after a break up?	Dating and Relationships: How can I get over a break up?
Who was history's greatest badass?	Who is the Greatest badass in history?
How do I know that I am a psychopath?	How do you know if you are a psychopath?
Why might my cat be vomiting white foam?	What can you do if your cat starts throwing up foam? Why does this happen?
Why does the normal distribution show up so often in nature?	Why is normal distribution so commonplace in nature?
How do I stop eating junk food?	How can I stop eating junk food and sugar/sugary foods?
What age did you have sex for the first time?	What was your age when you had sex for the first time?
What is maturity in women?	What is maturity for women?
What does having sex feels like for a women?	Does sex feel good for women?
How do I know if this girl likes me?	How should I know if this girl likes me or not?
Does a woman always bleed when she has sex for the first time?	Why do women bleed the first time they have sex?
Is marriage an outdated concept?	Is the institution of marriage outdated?
How can I get job at Cisco?	How can I get a job at Cisco?
What is inside the Kaaba?	What is inside kaabah in mecca?
Why do you drive on a parkway and park in a driveway?	Why do we drive in parkways and park in driveways?
What is the best example of Karma in your life?	What's the best real life karma you've ever seen/experienced?
Do people still believe in the Greek gods?	Do people still worship the Greek gods?
What are the best opportunities to build a career after a diploma in mechanical engineering?	What is best to do after diploma in mechanical engineering?
Why does my urine smell like tuna?	Why does my pee smell like fish?
Is there any difference between faith and belief?	What is the significant difference between faith and belief?
What is the best way to clean a laptop?	How do I clean up my laptop?
What are the ways to fight mental depression?	How can I beat depression?
What do you understand by the term "experience"?	What do you understand by the term experience?
How can one stop masturbation?	How can I stop masturbating?
What else should I do to quit smoking?	How did you quit/stop smoking?
Why China helping Pakistan?	Why is China helping Pakistan?
How can I sleep better and early in night?	How can I sleep better at night?
What is virginity?	What is virgin or virginity?
Where are the best places to eat in New York City that have a great vibe?	What are the best places to eat in New York City?
How is it that people hate Hillary Clinton?	What are the reasons that people dislike Hillary Clinton?
What is the procedure of getting admission in Massachusetts Institute of Technology from India?	What is the procedure of getting admission in Massachusetts Institute of Technology for undergraduate courses from India?
Which is the best QuickBooks data recovery support number in New York?	What is the best QuickBooks support number in Arkansas?
Why Cyrus Mistry has been sacked all of a sudden?	Why was Cyrus Mistry sacked by Ratan Tata from Tata Sons?
What are the some best examples of human cruelty?	What are some examples of human cruelty?
In what ways would President Trump be different from Candidate Trump?	Will President Trump be a different person than candidate Trump?
What is the worst thing that could happen if Donald Trump becomes President?	What is the worst that will happen to America if Trump becomes president? What if Hillary does?
What movie should I watch?	What is the greatest movie ever made?
What is the procedure to start a new startup in India?	What are the procedures for to start a startup in India?
What do Atheists think about marriage?	How do atheists view marriage?
What is the worst joke ever?	What is the stupidest joke ever?
Why is it hard nowadays to find true love?	Why is it so difficult to find true love?
Is the BJP really communal?	Is the BJP really a communal party?
How can I be a fast problem solver?	How can I be a problem solver?
What are the safety precautions on handling shotguns proposed by the NRA in Arizona?	What are the safety precautions on handling shotguns proposed by the NRA in New Jersey?
What is the safest way to travel? What is the cheapest way to travel?	What do you think is the safest way to travel?
What is the best online personal diary/journal website?	What is the best online journal?
Why aren't US social security cards laminated? Can you laminate them?	Can I laminate my social security card?
Is depression uncommon in severe Autism?	Is depression rare in severe Autism?
What are some of the face palm moments you have in your life?	What was the biggest face palm moment of your life?
How do you send a private message to someone you're following on Quora?	How can I send a private message through Quora?
What are the ways to connect an encoder to LabVIEW?	What are the methods to connect an encoder to LabVIEW?
What are the best ways to increase my fertility?	How can I improve my fertility?
What do you think about Modi's new policy on the ban of Rs 500 and Rs 1000 notes?	What do you think about the ban on 500 and 1000 denomination notes in India?
How do I join IAF after mbbs?	How do I join IAF short service commission after completing my engineering?
Is diploma for hotel management beneficial?	Is diploma in hotel management helpful?
How can I improve English language?	How can I improve my English knowledge?
How do I remove a wart?	How do I remove wart on my face?
How should one start learning Python programming for electronics applications?	How do I start learning Python Socket Programming?
Have you seen a student roast a teacher?	Have you ever seen a student completely roasting the teacher?
What are your views on demonetization of 500 and 1000 rupee notes by the Modi Government?	Was the decision by the Indian Government to demonetize 500 and 1000 notes right or is it a big scam?
How could we know that we are falling in love?	How will you come to know that you are in love?
What it is being of your age?	What is it like to be your age?
What are some mind-blowing technologies that exist that most people don't know about?	What are some mind blowing technology gadgets that most people don't know?
How can I improve my bench press?	How do you build a bench press?
Is it possible to know who visited my Facebook profile?	Who can see my Facebook profile?
What is the process of getting a game on the Steam store?	What do I have to do to get my game on the Steam store?
Are ugly women more likely to become foam in the mouth feminazis than beautiful women?	Why are ugly looking/physically unattractive women more likely to be feminists?
How do I find a best friend?	How do you be your own best friend?
What would you say to a friend who is about to commit suicide?	What do you say to a friend that seems suicidal?
How do I survive in a long distance relationship?	Can you help me with tips for a successful long distance relationship?
What series would you recommend on Netflix?	Which movies or TV shows would you recommend on Netflix?
Can we control our feelings and emotions?	How do I control anger and impulsive emotions?
Why are people so obsessed with their phones?	Why are people obsessed with their phones?
What is a monotreme? What are some examples?	What is a monotreme?
How cheating is different from lying?	How is cheating different from lying?
What's mean of sapiosexual?	What is the meaning of sapiosexual?
Can you see who viewed your Instagram?	Can you see who who viewed your videos on Instagram?
What hollywood movies should I watch in my 20's?	What Hollywood movies must I watch in my 20's?
How exactly does banning Rs 500 and Rs 1000 notes curb the problem of black money?	How banning 500 and 1000 rupee can affect black money?
How do I talk English fluently?	How can I learn English well？?
Will we ever run out of pure drinking water?	Will we ever run out of fresh water?
How is everyone doing?	How is everyone today?
What does it mean when an individual is baptized?	What is baptized?
I lost my PAN card a year back but I remember my PAN number. How can I apply for new PAN card with the same number?	How can I apply for pan card and what are the documents we need to apply?
Is Modi's decision on demonetization of 500 and 1000 notes welcomed by public?	What are your views on demonetization of 500 and 1000 rupee notes by the Modi Government?
What is the one movie you watched that changed your life the most?	Which is the movie that changed your life and why?
What are some successful ways to quit smoking?	What else should I do to quit smoking?
How do I recover a hacked Instagram?	How can I hack my Instagram?
Which book is best for IAS prelims preparation?	What is the best book of preparations for IAS exam?
Why do so many people ask questions on Quora.com when they could easily find the answers themselves online?	Why do so many people post questions on Quora that could be easily and thoroughly answered by simply typing the question into any search engine?
Podcasts: what are the best podcasts for daily news and other useful information?	What are some great daily news podcasts?
Which is the best bike in Royal Enfield series?	Which is the best royal Enfield bike in 2016?
How do I start a market research company?	How do I Start a marketing research for my company?
Why do people hate atheists so much?	Why do people hate me for being an atheist?
Can we pursue biotechnology after B.tech in mechanical engineering?	Which course after b.tech in mechanical engineering suits best?
What will be the affordable WordPress support service in Australia?	Where can I get affordable WordPress support service in Australia?
What do Pakistanis think of Indians?	What do the people from Pakistan think about Indians?
What were the key inventions during the Industrial Revolution?	What are some of the key invention from The Industrial Revolution?
How does feal gay sex?	What do you feel while having gay sex?
Who is a better Person for office Hillary of Donald?	Who will be a better president Donald Trump or Hillary Clinton?
What is a secret you would not tell anyone but Quora?	What is the most embarrassing secret you have that you'd never tell to almost anyone?
How is information stored in DNA?	In which language DNA contain information? What the information is about? Are we able to understand all the information stored in the DNA?
How do I advertise on Quora?	Can we advertise our business on Quora?
Do animals have emotions and feelings?	Do animals have the same emotions as humans?
Which is best time to visit Kanyakumari?	Which is the best time to visit Kanyakumari with family?
Can anyone post a questions and answer themselves in Quora?	Can anyone ask and answer a same question in Quora?
What if this is all a dream and dying is the way to wake up?	What if life is a dream and when we die we wake up?
How much electricity is produced in windmills?	How much power is generated by windmills?
If Bernie sanders won the nominee would he have beaten trump?	Would Bernie Sanders have defeated Donald Trump?
What is the best way to reduce belly and arm fat?	How can I reduce my belly fat in 2 months?
Why did I get my period 6 days late?	Whu is my period 3 weeks late?
Which was the best movie of Bollywood in 2016?	What are the best Bollywood movies of 2016 so far?
Why does gravity exist? How does gravity attract materials?	How does Gravity exist?
What are the pros and cons of banning currency notes of 500 and 1000 in India?	How will the ban on existing 500 and 1000 rupee note affect India? What are the pros and cons?
Which are the 10 best Hollywood movies?	Which are some of the must watch hollywood movies?
When were cameras invented?	How long ago were cameras invented?
How painful is it to get a lip piercing?	How painful are lip piercings?
What country are American Eagle clothes made?	Where and how are American Eagle clothes made?
What is the best picture you took with your phone?	What is the best picture you took using your phone?
How can one apply for an internship in DRDO?	How do I apply for an internship at DRDO or ISRO?
What causes a sonic boom?	Why is there a sonic boom?
How do I relieve back pain?	How do you deal with back pain?
What is the best blog platforms?	How do I start a blog and what are the best blogging platforms available?
Should I stop masturbating? 	Why should I stop masturbating?
How will demonitization stop black money?	Will demonetisation really curb black money?
What are best Hollywood movies?	Which is the all time best Hollywood movie?
How can one overcome procrastination?	How do I stop procrastination?
What are the chances of war between India and Pakistan and its effects on India's economy?	If war occurs between India and Pakistan what will be its effect on the rest of country?
Why dose new year begin on January 1?	Why new year is celebrated on 1st January?
Has any incumbent PM before Narendra Modi ever conducted rallies for state election in India?	Is it appropriate for Narendra Modi to campaign for BJP in state elections even after becoming the PM of India?
What are some of the unknown facts about football that most of the fans don’t know?	What are some unknown facts about football?
What are advantages of Myriad Pro as copy?	What are advantages of Myriad Pro as body copy?
What are some rewards for becoming a top writer/top question writer on Quora?	What are the perks (apart from high self-esteem) of being a Top Writer at Quora?
What causes war?	What are the reasons of war?
What is best earphone under 500rs (in ear) with good sound quality in India?	Which is the best in the ear earphone under rs500?
How do I add an image to a question on Quora?	How do I insert an image in an answer or question details on Quora?
How can you move on with a broken heart?	How does a person get over a broken heart?
How do I gain weight in naturally way?	What is the best weight gain treatment for gaining weight?
How is Hillary Clinton like in person?	What is Hillary Clinton like as a person?
What are the safety precautions on handling shotguns proposed by the NRA in Arizona?	What are the safety precautions on handling shotguns proposed by the NRA in Pennsylvania?
I want to buy the best Android phone. Which one should I buy?	I want to get an android phone. Which is a good brand to buy?
What's it like to work at PR Apartment for your first job?	What's it like to work at PR Bank for your first job?
What is a CNC?	What is CNC?
Which language should one learn after Spanish? Why?	Which language should I learn after Spanish?
Why shouldn't dogs eat pork rib bones?	Can you feed pork rib bones to dogs?
How can we implement Machine Learning?	How do I implement machine learning?
How do I become an introvert?	How can I become an introvert?
What is the best size of penis?	What is a good size of penis?
Why do people get into dealing drugs?	How do people get into dealing drugs?
Why does Quora is not so strict in the way of writing questions like in the case of Stack Overflow?	Why doesn`t Quora vet questions like Stack Overflow?
How does CodeIgniter compare to Laravel?	What is the differences between Codeigniter and Laravel?
How do you control your anger?	What should I do to control my anger?
I'm in Xth & I'm worried about my boards this year. How should I learn so that I can retain all of them? Plz help?	I'm worried about my boards this year. What If I don't study enough? How much should I study?
How can I become a better problem solver? What mindset should I cultivate?	How does someone become a better problem solver?
How does touch give pleasure?	How can touching each other sex give pleasure?
Which is your favourite song?	Which one is your favourite song?
What is the easiest way to get the job in Canada?	Which is the best way to get a job in Canada?
What's the best solution to the kashmir issue?	What is the best possible solution of the kashmir issue?
What is good preparation material for IBPS Bank PO Exam?	What are the good books for bank po exam preparation?
How should I gain muscle mass?	How can gain my weight?
Why do most people on Quora dislike Donald Trump?	Why does Quora fail to recognize Donald Trump success?
How can I stop doing masturbations?	How can I stop masturbations?
What are some fake photoshopped image which looks quite real?	What are some best fake photos which seems absolutely real?
How could I calculate tension?	How to calculate tension in physics?
Why do some people like traveling?	Why do some people like traveling and some don't?
How can I improve my knowledge in civil engineering?	How do I improve my basic knowledge about civil engineering?
Is it possible to make Tibet an independent nation?	What are the possible ways & means to make Tibet as an independent country?
How close are we (or not close) right now to World War 3?	Is World War III on its way right now?
Did India really carry out surgical strikes?	Did surgical strike really happened by India in LOC? Which media is correct? India or Pakistan?
What is the in hand salary of an SBI clerk?	What is the in-hand salary of an SBI clerk?
How can I study in USA?	Can I study in the USA?
What would happen if Donald Trump was assassinated?	What would happen if Donald Trump got assassinated while he was president?
Who in the Earth named Earth?	Why was the "Earth" named Earth? Who named it? How have the planets been named?
Do you really think democracy is the best of all forms of government?	Why is democracy considered the best form of government?
What are some of your guilty pleasure?	What is your guilty pleasure?
What are some reasons caffeine might make you tired?	Why does caffeine make you tired if it is a stimulant?
Is nuclear energy considred renewable or not?	Is nuclear energy considered a renewable or nonrenewable resource? What are the reasons behind this classification?
How can I stop thinking I'm not good enough?	How do I change deep rooted beliefs that I am not good enough?
What is the essence of human life?	What do the real essence of human life signify?
How should I prepare for Indian polity?	How should one prepare for Indian polity?
What is the easiest way for a non-Muslim to visit Mecca (including the Kabaa)?	Does Qur'an prohibits non-muslim to visit Mecca?
What drastic changes can take place in Indian economy owing to ban on 500₹ and 1000₹ notes?	How Indian economy got affected after ban of 500 1000 notes?
What should I do if Quora marks my question as "Needs Improvement"?	Why every time quora marks my question as "need improvements"?
How do I get rid of acne and acne causes?	How can I get rid from my acnes?
Can I get my passport photo taken at Walmart?	Can you get passport photos done at Walmart?
Can hamsters eat strawberries?	Can hamsters eat grapes?
How do I contact a real hacker?	Where can I find a professional hacker?
How can I train myself to acquire an English accent?	How can foreigners acquire and/or improve their British accent?
How do I get funds for a startup company?	How do I get funds for startup?
How do I sleep the minimum amount of time without risking health?	What is the absolute bare minimum amount of sleep you need in order to stay healthy?
What business can I start with $100?	How do I start new business with $100?
What is main cause of cancer?	What factors contribute to cancer?
Did time begin before the Big Bang?	Was there time before the big bang?
What fraction of checked luggage gets lost?	What percentage of airport luggage is permanently lost?
What's the easiest way to learn Java programs?	What is the best way to learn Java programming?
How do I forget someone whom I really love?	How do I forget someone you were deeply in loved?
Why astronauts have a white and an orange-coloured space suit?	Why do astronauts have a white and an orange coloured space suit?
What's the best programming language to learn in 2016?	Which is the best programming language for a beginner to learn?
What is the best underrated book that you know of?	What are the best underrated books?
Is it possible that Donald Trump is campaigning very badly "intentionally" in order to Hillary Clinton can win?	Is it possible that Trump entered the Presidential campaign to ensure that Hillary Clinton wins?
How should I start learning how to code with zero knowledge in programming?	How do I start learning programming language? Which one to start with?
Why does my heart feel heavy and tight?	Why does my heart feel heavy?
What is the best position of neck while sleeping?	What is the best neck position for sleeping?
How can we terraform Mars?	Can we terraform Mars?
How can I learn Chinese language?	How can I learn the Chinese language?
What is the best way to avoid questions needing improvement on Quora?	All my questions on Quora need improvement. What is the best way to ask a question on Quora?
How do I pass a drug test for methamphetamine?	Does sure gell help pass a drug test for meth?
What are some good rules for choosing a patent attorney?	How can I find a good provisional patent attorney?
What are best books for AIIMS and AIPMT?	What are the best books for AIIMS and AIPMT?
How can I stop any bad habit?	How do I stop any bad habit?
How do I lose weight?	What are the best was to lose weight?
How winning money from YouTube?	How do people earn money from YouTube?
What are the common mistakes can be done while you are paraphrasing?	What are common mistakes when paraphrasing?
Do you think deja vu has anything to do with God?	Do you think deja vu has anything to do with God already having our life planned out?
Why Modi banned Rs 500& Rs 1000 notes?	Why the Modi government ban the 500 and 1000 notes?
Why is Jamshedpur known as Pittsburgh of India? What is its relevance as a city?	Why is Jamshedpur known as Pittsburgh of India? And why is the railway station "Tatanagar" and not "Jamshedpur"?
What does hypnosis have to do with weight loss?	Does hypnosis work for weight loss?
Why do people ask questions on Quora that are easily to find answers too on Google?	Why do many Quora users ask questions they could look up online?
What are some reasons why your iPod Touch wont turn on or charge?	What are some common reasons why your IPod will not turn on?
How can I become more fearless?	How can I become more fearless in life?
What are the career opportunities for map making platform in canada?	How are opportunities for map making in canada?
Is it possible to change direction with constant velocity?	Can I change my direction and still have a constant velocity?
Why do I feel anxious?	Why do I feel anxious all the time?
How do I remove virus from Microsoft Edge browser namely "evotracker.in"?	How do I remove virus named "evotracker" from Microsoft Edge?
What can I do to stop hair fall?	How do I stop my hair fall?
Could Bruce Lee win every UFC match if he was still around today in his prime?	Would Bruce Lee be able to hold his own with the top UFC fighters today?
How can I start an online store?	What is the process of starting an online store?
Where can I get largest selection of wedding gowns in Gold Coast?	Where can I get a full array of colors and sizes for bridesmaids dresses in Gold Coast?
What should I do more in my life?	what should I do in my life?
Where can I rent my car in delhi?	Where can I rent a car in Delhi?
What animals hunt eagles?	What animals prey on eagles?
What does it mean when two people share the same dream?	What does it mean when two persons dream the same thing?
What is the best civil engineering company for a job?	What are the best companies for a civil engineer?
What is the best Korean drama?	What is the best Korean dramas of all time?
What does "you're dead to me" mean?	What does "you're dead to me" means?
How can some people still believe the world is flat?	Why do people still believe in flat earth?
What are the most effective approaches to deal with social anxiety?	How do I deal with extreme Social anxiety disorder?
How can I learn something new everyday?	What is the best way to learn something new every day?
Does pressing the button at a stop light multiple times make the light change faster?	Does pressing the button at a stop light do anything?
What should I do after btech in ECE?	What should I do after my btech ece?
Which are the best careers for women?	What are good careers for women?
How does poop taste?	How is poop tasting?
What will happen to South Korea with Trump as the president of the U.S.?	What will happen to South Korea with Donald Trump the president of the U.S?
Which Laptop can I buy under INR 25k?	Which would be best laptop under 25k INR?
Why does Manaphy always had a panic attack in the anime?	Why is Manaphy always fussing in the anime?
Why do so many people on Quora ask stupid questions they could find answers to if they spent less than 5 minutes on a search engines?	Why do so many people ask things on Quora that they could just as easily Google?
How do I learn acting at home?	How can I learn acting at home?
How can love hurt so much?	Why does it hurt to love someone?
Who sets the price for games on Steam?	Who sets the price for my game on Steam?
Which is the best book for solving the puzzles?	Which is the best book for puzzle solving?
How do I build traffic to my website?	How do i get traffic for website?
How can I stop being taken for granted?	How do I avoid being taken for granted?
What are the top ten engineering colleges?	What are the top ten engineering colleges in world?
Which are the best resonable rates beach facing resorts to stay in with your family in Goa?	What are good affordable beach resort to stay with wife in GOA?
What is it like dating an Australian woman?	What is it like dating Australian Women?
What are the best romantic comedy novels/books?	What are some good romantic comedy novels?
How do I track a cell phone without owner permission?	Is it possible to get a general location of a cell phone without the cell phones owner knowing?
Is peace in the Middle East possible?	Will there ever truly be peace in the Middle East?
What are some tricks to book cheap air tickets in India?	What are the best ways to get cheap airline tickets in India?
How can one improve his writing skills?	How could I improve my writing skill?
Which Mac Lap Top should I buy?	Which Mac laptop product should I buy?
What are the wildest things you have done?	What is the wildest thing you have done?
Why do Quora engineers use large monitors?	Why do programmers prefer two large monitors?
Why do people choose to be transgender?	Why would someone choose to be transgender?
What is the value of human life?	What are the values of life?
Which are the rarest world war pictures?	What are some of the best pictures from World War I and II?
How are rain scenes shot in movies?	How do filmmakers make it rain in the movies?
What's disruptive about President Obama's verified Quora profile?	What's the big deal about President Obama's verified Quora profile?
How can I prepare for the GATE 2016 in the last six months? Is there any good study to get qualified in CS?	What are strategies to get good score in GATE EE 2016 with two digit rank within 3 months?
How is the life of a female IAS officer?	What is the life of a female IAS officer?
What is a business model for a social networking website?	What is social network business model?
How is network marketing working?	What is network marketing and how does it work?
How can I learn how to act?	How can I learn to act?
What can be affected for the scrapping Rs. 500 and Rs. 1000 currency notes?	What can be the reasons for discontinuation of 500 and 1000 rupee notes? What can be the future effects of it?
Can you get pregnant 2 days before your period has ended?	Can you get pregnant a couple days before your period?
How does monotheism and polytheism differ?	How are polytheism and monotheism different?
Which one is the best phone under 12k INR?	Which is best phone under 12k?
How did you learn to speak English?	What should I do to improve my spoken English?
What is the best way to scrape Facebook data?	How can i scrape data from Facebook user profiles?
Do most women enjoy sex?	Do Women love and enjoy sex?
What is a car service?	What is car servicing?
How can noise pollution be controlled?	How to control noise pollution?
Why do some Americans refer to the United Kingdom as 'England'?	Why do so many Americans (including some well traveled politicians) keep referring to the United Kingdom as England?
How can I prepare myself for GSoC 2017 in three months?	How should we prepare for GSoC 2017?
Where can I get great range of flavours for cupcakes at Gold Coast?	Where can I get good quality cupcakes and a lot of different flavor in Gold Coast?
Which is the best earphone under 1000 INR?	Which headphones/earphones are the best under ₹1000?
What are the causes of boredom and the best practice to get rid of it psychologically?	Boredom is killing me. How do I get rid of it?
What is you favorite TV program?	Television Series: What is your favorite TV show and why?
What is an easy way to commit suicide?	What can be the most insane ways to commit suicide?
What are the best way to learn hacking?	How can I learn to hack?
What's the quickest way to get rid of belly fat?	How get can I rid of belly fat?
Why do all of my questions on Quora need improvement?	Why do I always get a notification from Quora that my questions "need improvement"?
Is it possible to create a home server using Ubuntu server in virtual machine?	Is it possible to create a home server ( using Ubuntu server) in virtual machine?
What is comparative politics and how to study the same for upsc optional political science and international relations?	What is comparative politics and how to study the same for upsc optional political science & international relations?
Can I use Jio sim in 3G smartphone?	Can I use Jio in 3G phone?
What programming languages are used in industry?	What programming languages are used in which industries?
Who is the best Hollywood actor of this time?	Who are the best Hollywood actors?
How can we improve our education system?	What should be done to improve our education system?
Which is the best broadband service provider in West Delhi?	Which is best broadband service provider in west Delhi?
Why does earth revolve in an elliptical orbit? It should be in a circular orbit.	Why does planets move in elliptical orbit why not in circular orbits?
What is life like without any freedom?	What would life be without freedom?
Is the National Media biased towards North India?	Why the National Media in India is always pro-Northern media?
What would the world be like after a 100 years?	What would be world like after 100 years?
What is the best laptop to buy under 25000INR?	What is the best laptop under 25000 in India?
Why does the iPhone SE not have 3D touch?	Why does the iPhone SE do not support the 3D touch?
What's the difference between a blog and an article?	What is the difference between a blog and an article?
Is it normal for 13 year olds to see their friends naked?	Is it normal for 13 year old Boys to see their friends naked?
What is Data Science?	What is actually a data science?
What are your views on the decision of Narendra Modi to discontinue the use of 500 and 1000 currency notes?	What do you think of the decision by the Indian government to demonetize 500 and 1000 rupee notes?
What do you think of the decision by the Indian Government to demonetize 500 and 1000 rupee notes?	Don't you think Modi will repeal decision to ban 500 and 1000 notes as it will cause high inconvenience?
How do I get rid of the pain of unrequited love?	How can I get rid of the pain of unrequited love?
What I do when i don't know what to do?	What do I do when I don't know what do I have to do?
Why is Saltwater Taffy candy imported in Greece?	Why is salt water taffy candy unknown in Japan?
How do you know when your spouse is cheating?	How can I know if my spouse is cheating?
In programming, why is it mostly "Hello World" that is printed in one's first program?	Why do all the programming languages use "Hello World" as the first program?
How imminent is world war III?	Is a world war going to happen?
Do successful people try really hard?	Why do successful people work so hard?
What kind of movie do you like?	What type of movies do you like?
What are the best places to learn surfing in Sri Lanka?	Where is the best place to learn surfing in Sri Lanka?
What is the increase organic traffic of websites?	How can I increase traffic to my website using social media?
How are green spots on potatoes harmful?	Are green coloured potatoes are harmful for health?
Will Hillary Clinton run in 2020?	Will Hillary Clinton participate in the next elections of presidency in 2020?
Why did MS Dhoni leave the captaincy of ODI and T20?	Why did MS Dhoni resign as ODI and T20 Captain?
How many topics can you add to a question on Quora?	Does it matter how many topics you add to a question on Quora?
How can I loose 5kgs weight in a week without exercise?	Can you lose weight without exercising?
How did one small decision change your life?	What small decision have you made that turned out to be the biggest?
What is the meaning of love?	What is meaning of love?
What is the best business idea with surefire profits and less investment?	What are some new business ideas with lesser investment?
What is the difference between a song and ghazal?	What is the difference between a ghazal and a normal song?
Whats your personality type?	What is my personality type?
What are some of the best places to catch Pokémon in Delhi?	What are the best places in Delhi to play Pokémon GO?
What will be the top 10 Bollywood songs of all time?	What are your top 10 favorite Bollywood music?
What is the best method of losing weight?	How can I really start losing weight?
How do you stop a German Shepherd/Golden Retriever mix puppy from chewing your shoes?	How do you stop your Beagle/Pointer mix puppy from biting your shoes?
How we can get job in Google?	How can I find a job at Google?
Do we have any scientific/archeological evidence that events of mahabharata and ramayana are historical?	Is there archeological evidence which supports that Ramayana and Mahabharata actually happened?
How do I start writing my first Sci-Fi novel?	What is the way to start writing a sci-fi novel?
What would happen if the White House were taken over?	What would happen if terrorists seized the White House?
Which are the best honeymoon locations in Kerala for summer honeymoon trip to Kerala?	Which is the best resort for honeymoon in kerala?
What are the pros and cons of moving to Ubuntu from Windows 10 ? Should I go for Ubuntu or not?	What are the pros and cons of Ubuntu and Windows (general comparison)?
What are the best places to visit in South India?	What are the best places to visit in South India ?
Where do you think Gendry is now?	Is Gendry still rowing?
What is the monetary policy?	What is monetary policy.?
What are the best book for self learning Solid state physics?	Which is the best book for solid state physics?
Which are the best short stories?	What are some really great short stories?
How do I present my concerns about my relationship without starting an argument?	How do I present my feelings and concerns about my relationship without starting an argument?
What is the KVPY SA expected cut off for 2016?	How was KVPY SA 2016 ? How does it compare to previous year papers? What is your expected cutoff for it?
Which is the best service IFB washing machine service center in Hyderabad?	What is the best IFB washing machine repair center in hyderabad?
What is the minimum score in AMCAT that can get you a call from Accenture?	What is the minimum score on the AMCAT that can get me a call from Accenture?
What are the safety precautions on handling shotguns proposed by the NRA in South Carolina?	What are the safety precautions on handling shotguns proposed by the NRA in New Jersey?
Internships: What are the ways to earn money online as a student?	What is the best way to earn money online for a college student?
Will I become rich playing poker if I sucked very bad at math?	Should I play poker if I want to become wealthy if I sucked extremely bad at math in grade school?
What are the issues in flipkart?	What are the problems in flipkart?
How can I make my girlfriend really desire me?	What is the best way to make your girlfriend desire you more?
How hard is it for a native English speaker to learn Russian?	How hard is the Russian language to learn for the typical English speaker?
Who is the best prime minister India has ever had?	Who is the best prime minister and why?
What fundamentally gives matter mass?	What gives matter its mass?
What are common mistakes that SEO people make?	What are the most common SEO mistakes?
What are some good ways to make a joke?	How do I make Jokes?
What would have happened if Hitler didn't attack Russia?	What will happen if Hitler didn't attack Russia?
How is electromagnetism used in loudspeakers?	How are electromagnets used in loudspeakers?
What is the best training institute for SAP ABAP training in Noida?	Which is the best SAP SD training institute in Noida?
How is data stored in the brain?	How is information stored in Brain?
Is Hillary Clinton a liar?	Is Hillary Clinton a pathological liar?
What is the least painful way for suicide?	What is the most effective way to suicide?
Why do people love to get drunk?	What are some of the reasons why people like to get drunk?
Is it reasonable to tell your cousin that her boyfriend (your friend) is cheating?	Is it reasonable to tell your cousin that her boyfriend is cheating on her?
How do I develop leadership skills?	How can I improve your leadership skills?
So many ads on the street and also on the internet say "Work from home data entry job." Is this is genuine job or fake, and has anyone tried to work from home?	So many ads on the street and also internet say "Work from home data entry job." Is this genuine job or fake, and has anyone tried to work from home?
How does one explain the difference between object-oriented and procedural programming in layman's terms?	What is the difference between procedural and object oriented programming?
What's a narcissist?	What is a narcissist?
What programming languages are best to learn?	What is the best programming language to learn(in your opinion)?
What are some ways to get many views on YouTube?	How can I get many views on YouTube?
What are some good novice books for C++?	Which are the books for self learning c++?
What is the best fanfiction site?	What are some good fanfiction sites?
How can Big Data affect racism?	How can data science affect racism?
