How many hours after taking an antibiotic I can drink alcohol?
Are I overweight (192.9) for my age?
Aspirin allergy – is it worth buying a bracelet?
During a visit to the doctor, I hit my head on a box on the wall containing dangerous substances (used syringes, used needles, etc.).
Once on antibiotics 4 5wks top high dentist cld didn't get needles 2 frozen 2 rubber extract really hurt she says it's tissue hve 2 go bk? plz
Can Adderall (dextroamphetamine and racemic amfetamine) cause pressure in the ear and mild headaches at the end of the day?
Can aorta coartation cause low height growth?
Can Doxycycline Treat Ear Infections?
Can Cucumbers Help Excrete Cucumber?I Eat Cucumin with Salad and I find it normal for them to be excrete
Can the malformation of the chiari cause pituitary problems or insipid diabetes?
Can homeopathy help for acne?
Can this drug cause anxiety at age 12?
Can you tell me why my husband is sweating and vomiting after the injection of 30 units of Lantis insulin?
Does Age Increase EDS Symptoms/Problems?
Does Dermonu work on acne scars?
This is an extension from my last question. there is also vaginal emissions, so I am ovulating. can it cause vomiting?
I may have had 3 panic attacks over the past few months, which makes me a bit anxious and wondering if this is?
For months, I had neck/back problems, and there was muscle tension in the skull. There was stress (anxiety) BP is a bit healthy. Yesterday I felt badly in both hands and trembled. In the 20s... today it’s off and on.
Hi, I have an ultrasound in the chest and spinal area. There is no trace of hernia or adenophy. The result has returned completely to normal. My doctor has seen it and felt it twice. He has said it is not hernia and it was a bit big
How can someone’s level of happiness affect someone else’s health?
How common is to have symptoms of physical anxiety without feeling anxious?
What is the difference between ADHD and Add?
How can I know if I have anxiety and depression?
How long does the herpes take to break out?
How much Tylenol (acetaminophen) 3 is equal to percocet?
How much time should I take after ACL reconstruction?
How should the drug methotrexate affect the body’s cells as regards the treatment of arthritis?
How do you deal with childish behaviors?
How do I know if I have an allergic reaction?
I am currently taking minocycline to treat my acne, but I think I’m getting itchy acne?
If I had hepatitis A, does it mean that I can’t drink alcohol a few weeks later?
I have one or two acne rashes every month.How can I prevent them?Acne also leaves scars on my skin.
I got my second period twice in less than three weeks, and the second in four months.Why?I have not been stressed or changed my exercise plan or diet recently.
I had an arthroscopic surgery on my left knee a month ago, but it seems to be filled with synovial fluid, shoulders I work back or wait until I can see the doctor?
I have tinea versicolor on the testicles and the tip of the penis.It becomes spicy and dry.The doctor sent me a wash of salicylic acid.Is it meaningful?
I am 16 years old and my left begins to have quite severe pain when I walk, the pain is more than extreme, it hits my pants I can’t drive help?
I am taking anxiety and depression pills mainly to avoid panic attacks, and can I take more than 0.5mg if I feel panicked and 0.5mg doesn’t work?
Is 4mg intuniv & 2mgrisperdal too much for 5 1/2 yrs, im worried..His neurologist prescribed for pddnos & adhd?
Is aloe vera juice good for high blood pressure?
Is the fecal bacteria really healthier than other bacteria during pregnancy?
Is the hypno-therapy dangerous?
Is it normal for you to have nausea and appetite loss when in your period?
My child has a low level of alkaline phosphatase on his laboratory results.
My husband has chronic itching w / no rash / inflammation.He has seen allergists, dermatologists, acupunctors and therapists.
My six-year-old daughter was on antibiotics for more than 48 hours and began to run a fever on 101 and she says her head is hurt.
Q: Hi, I’m almost 12 weeks pregnant, and there are tiny plastic particles in my food (accidentally) so I am worried; if I accidentally swallow some:
How can I get a male voice?
My joints have always been clicking since I was a child, but over the years it has become very painful, especially when it rains or when I get a cold?
Treatment for PID induced by BV was done only with a single dose of asithromycin and the injection of antibiotics.
What is the cause of perianal abscess?
What doctors in the external chronic anal scratches and pls tell me that there is a small proposed process in my anal out of the chronic anus scratch?
What is recommended for treating a cut back longitudinal ligament?
What is mécoblamine? for what is this drug used? my mother is diabetic, is it helpful? thanks in advance
What is the cleanest and safest SSRI for common stress-induced anxiety?
What are the definitions or descriptions of: activity change?
What is a type 1 shell fish allergy?
What should I do if I have a sneez allergy when I wake up? tell me what kind of illness or allergy there is.
What specific exercises help with suprapatellar bursitis?
What should I do if I have high blood pressure, lost love depression, completely broken?
What hormones are responsible to give you a male character on your face?
Which Treatment is the Most Effective and Fastest Working for Aortic Regurgitation?
Why is my arm always asleep? like where I can’t move at all
Why do I have a white pigmentation of the skin around my anus and extreme itching and blisters around the anal and anal spacing?
Does taking contraceptives to treat dysmenorrhea affect my reproductive ability after marriage?
A 35-year-old woman has a sharp pain in the chest/heart without heart problems, lasting only 1 minute.
A doctor prescribed 125mg of warren soup for his 3-year-old son for a fever.
After having sex with the hubby, I noticed some fresh blood and a feeling of burning and the desire to urinate.
Two weeks after my oral surgery, my cheeks are still swollen and I feel a hard fracture in my lower part.
I always use contraception, always use sperm-killing condoms, and always go out with a condom, but my periods are slow.
Are there reliable blood tests for ovarian cancer?
Have you had a lot of chest pain recently, especially when sitting in a particular position?
I had this softness and pain in my chest for almost a few weeks... not getting pregnant.
The changes in the boundary to the brain MRI in 1 yr mentioned by the neuroscientists, does this mean something sad?
Both hands have no pain in the chest, just a small heart burns, I have gastritis and arthritis in the back.
Is the brain epidermoid the same as the meningioma tumor, as are the differences between two 3cm brainstem / 8cm prefrontal bones?
After the first cleaning, bright red blood flow in the BM, and then the other cleaning will not have blood. I drink a lot of pops and a very small amount of water.
C4-5 right non-covertebral osteophyte / disc bulge complex disc wide bulge right foraminal neural stenosis & cervical ventral brain abutment.
Can a menstrual blood clot move to the heart or lungs like other blood clots?
Can Celiac disease mimic MS even after being treated with a strictly gluten-free diet?
Can Fibroadenomas Become Breast Cancer?
Can Polycystic Kidney Be Cure?
Is it possible to get rid of type 2 diabetes with exercise and good nutrition?
Can you tell me why it is essential to promote a healthy diet for children and young people?
Can you explain how an echocardiography is performed?
Can you tell me the name of the health institution or pharmacy, known for its synthetic Voriconazole 1% eye drops solution?
Can my sinus allergy make it difficult to breathe?
Can caffeine overdose symptoms persist for more than 2 months, even if we have already stopped caffeinating?
Can we walk on a soft mattress contribute to the bowleggedness?
Dear doctor, I feel my eyes lighted too brightly and feel dizzying very painful in the front of the neck and tension in the limbs in the back of my neck sleeping in a coma for 6 weeks?
Does anyone know what to do with a 13-year-old who suffers from severe anxiety?
Does something cause esophageal atresia during pregnancy?
Does breastfeeding at the same time change the risk of a woman with breast cancer in the unsweeted breast? my son had a preference, so I was going to treat to the left.
Does the cut on the lips turn white?
Does my eye doctor prescribe about 3 grams of seed oil per day to interact with Ortho Trip Cyclen or other contraceptives?
The "open" reduction with the intramedular cloud of the tibial shell fracture causes muscle weakness and slow healing of the bones due to tissue damage
Can stress cause hematospermia?
Does kalawalla grass (polypodium leucotamos) really work for autoimmune disorders?
Does vitamin D come in the form of shots?
The rate of emission of GB is very low. The diet was cut down to fatty meat, fruit, and vegetables. The reflection of the throat is constant, but the intensity varies.
My mother is 150cm and my father is 156cm.I wondered if I could be at least 160-165cm high?
Get a high level of hb & doctors recommended that I repeat the fbc test again in April 2014. now I got 17.6% of the blood cell level of what food u recommended, the name plz?
I had a period after 4mo and it lasted for 11 days, this never happens. I have experienced unpleasant pain in my uterus.
I have a itchy rash after taking Viasine (Clarithromycin) for 4 days.Did you take this before and was it okay?
I have had hard cysts on my scalp for a long time, and now they have grown from 1 to about 8 to 9, of which 3 have become a little big, but they are very uncomfortable when brushing my hair, though that’s not my main problem.
Havent has my period sn 1 year I have been using helium and now I have got my own help I wonder when I will start my period?
I have left leg and left leg pain. I have kept it high throughout the day. I hope it is not a blood break. I also have three
Do you have a blood test for neurological reasons, it can detect pregnancy?
Hi I'm using neutrogena since 15..Acne doesn't leave what I should do?
Hi, I have back spasms that break out from time to time. I made the heat and ice turn. tried naproxen watched my diet and take vitamins
Hello, so I just had a throat, and if I was using the same clothes I used when I was sick, wash all the leaves as infected to the family.
Hi, I am 33 years old, have 3 children, my height is 173 cm, my weight is 100 pounds, my normal weight depending on age must be 75.
How accurate is a Diabetes blood test to test your blood sugar for 3 months?
How do you know if a person has chronic fatigue syndrome?
How can pregnant women avoid atrophy and blood clots?
How can I get normal bowel movement on a daily basis when I have menopause and have not had a normal BM for almost a month?
How do I get rid of the pain in my leg?
How to cure chronic bursitis of the knee?
How often does someone develop Cubital Tunnel Syndrome?
How does a doughnut break into the digestive system if it does not essentially have nutrients?
If your menstrual cycle changes every month, how do you know the days of ovulation and how do I increase my chances of getting pregnant?
How effective are punctual sockets for the treatment of dry eyes after Lasik?I am close to 1 year after surgery and artificial tears do not help.
How long will a cancer person live?
How many teeth will the dentist take before receiving my toothbrush?
HSV 1+2 Serum Test Reorganization- 1.77 & HSV Type 1 + 2 PCR DNA Results NegativeH. The difference between the two results cannot be understood.
Hymen ring remains... What is it and how can it be fixed?
Hysterosalpingography – can you tell me about it?
I am breastfeeding my nine-month-old daughter at 24 years old I can do mammography as a final result 2 years ago was fibrous cells in my left chest Should I be concerned?
Am I pregnant for 35 weeks and 6 days, leaking a lot of clean fluid from my chest, and getting bad tension pain in my abdomen?
I am 44 years old and my breasts and nipples are soft and what can it be?
Do I notice red spots on my skin near my lips?
I’m on penicillin for about a month now, a week ago I started to see my period, but in the afternoon it stops.
I eat for 16 hours in a hurry 8 but in 8 hours I eat 3 meals. so should I keep my meals together so I don’t start fasting? or can they spread?
If the global temperatures rise, will malaria spread into other areas?
If I don’t have a white egg cervical mushroom, am I still ovulating?
If I use 4 tylenol (acetaminophen) 3 and 0.50mg Xanax, would it be as dangerous to use lsd and mdma in a matter of hours as mixing LSD and MDMA?
If the mass between my ribs was cancer, it would make CBC abnormal, and at what stage?
If you feel a mass on your chest more than 4 yrs, should you worry now?
If the baby has already fallen, does it automatically mean you are close to having a baby?
I electrocuted and was replacing a cable in my car and accidentally I touched it with a screwdriver and it surprised me and I felt it was going over my arm.
I had 2 x rays made 2 times different with the portable mechanism I saw the image but I didn’t see the kidneys just the lungs is possible.
I’ve removed the implant and now I have Evelyn’s combination pill, which has been normal for a few months, but now the bleeding, when removed & shouldn’t.
I had medial epicondylar release/ulnar nerve decompression 5/9/14.
I had my meniscus fixed last week I should not carry the weight on that leg. I lost my balance and took myself short with that leg, am I okay?
I had unprotected sex 2 weeks ago and I started getting brown discharges, but I’ve already started.
I have a black scarring on my eye that I can see when I look at something that is light colored.
I have a noise around an insect bite, is it common?
I have a bite bug and it continues to get worse. what is recommended?
I have a burning sensation in my upper chest after 2 days of having a breast enlargement, is this normal?
I have a full thickness of tears / broken flexor hallucis vagina after surgery 3 months ago. it was withdrawn 2.5 cm. I can't swallow the big finger down. What is a long-term possible question without my big finger's ability to push down, providing
There is a small piece on the back of my head, it is on the middle of the hairline. It is hard and unmoving. It will not hurt.
There is a painful pain in my nose, it’s red and rough.My nose is also very dry.What is it and how to treat it?It doesn’t go away and it hurts.
I may have a wrist fracture, but how do I know without going to the hospital?
I have arthritis on my knees and the lower back. Usually when I get out of bed they are stiff.
I have a warm and irritated urethra and clitoris lately I have to urinate a lot. I think I have an UTI or yeast infection.
I have eaten 1200-1300 calories. (most days) and workout 5x/weekly. I eat more on weekends but keep my weight.
I had abdominal pain, diarrhea after meals, fatigue and sometimes bloody stools.
I’ve been taking my birth control Amethia for 3 months, but on Wednesday I took it 2 hours longer than usual.
I have a l5-s1 light bowling disk. One doctor said I had to give up a good squash and the other doctor said that I could play it again within three months.
I have membranous nephropathy and I can see a nephrologist who is sure that this disease can disappear at any time or I will eventually be in dialysis
I have microalbumin urine 343.2 μg / ml,microalb / creat ratio,random urine 402.3 mg / g created, no DM,no HT,is it serious?
I have pain in the lower right jaw, and I also feel a swelling under it.
I have these painful wounds on my stomach, but I think they are very painful.
I have TJ em from India and I want to ask if it is curable?
I know there are alternatives to penicillin, but why don’t we use other doses, or do they have problems?
I am 33 smoking gastritis I have an abortion 11 yrs before, I can't get pregnant 10 yrs after why?
I’m borrowing my birth control shot on the 24th, but I have uterine pain on the right side of the uterus and I don’t know what it is?
I broke my birth control and started a new pack when I first week, I was bleeding for 3 days and now I was confused when my cycle came again.
I'm afraid of real needles.I can pull my blood for the first time in a few months.Can they do something so it doesn't hurt?
I am wondering what the best birth control is?
In my blood test, I had high levels of triglycerides (234 mg/dL), get (ast) (37.4ui/l), gpt (alt) (59.3ui/L) and gamma-gt (52.3UI/L).
Is it normal to swell around your teeth during your period?
Is it normal to have a low sexual desire after having three sections?
Is it possible for someone to overcome liver cancer?
Is it possible to have herpes and develop only in the anus or under the tongue, but not in the mouth?
Is it safe to undergo hysterectomy before angioplasty?
Is it safe to use a probiotic during breastfeeding?
I started bite and it felt and tasted like rotten eggs with vomiting diarrhea symptoms that looked like red blood
I walked on the wounded rock on the outside of my foot.After 17 days, it was swollen and wet.The discomfort is still there.
Can Candida be tested again after treatment?
Is there any difference between inositol tablets and powder?
Is there a particular time for the teen to sleep?
Is a too high birth control dose dangerous?
I stopped taking Accutane/isotroin in November, is it safe to have children now?
Is Uristat (phenazopyridine) a good cure for potential utis?
Is it true that we don’t drink pills or vit. w/cold water?
I used a piece of corn mat over the plate on my toes, it had a sensitive, and now it got worse and swollen.
I have a bench with a barbell, dumball, trip-up bar, and jogging miles, and what are some workouts I can do to gain muscle?
I have a cold for a week, I just stopped taking antibiotics, sometimes coughing gray mucus, the doctor is not worried, should I take a second batch of antibiotics?
I didn’t have hormone acne until I started tilia fe b.C 4 months ago, it’s considered to treat acne.
I was diagnosed with chlamydia on 9 / 29 / 2015. Treatment on the same day. Testing on 11 / 16 / 2015 was positive again. I did not have sex since 1 test.
I have been prescribed Tripsin + Chymotripsine to treat my teeth for 3 days, can I continue to use these combinations for a long time?
I was taking amoxicillin for dental problems.The second day I began to have a complete vesicle with difficulty urinating and clear symptoms of discharge.
I was doing zip lining and there was a block of about 50 pounds at the end of the zip line. I went about 30 miles per hour and hit my ankle on it.
Just stared at the right side of the nose. Very red and swollen. It's a pain of touching the nose or the nose out. It is big like a polype. clear
I just saw the size of black marble in bm. I thought maybe just food, so I put it with latex gloves.Def no food, it’s poo.
L/4, l/5 Laminect foot pain 1 year later, the foot doctor says normal, the neurologist says s/1 cause, and the optical surgeon says MRI is good.
Recently, when I’m scared or surprised, I feel like the blood is pumping into my legs and then my toes really start to hurt.
My legs are always cold, even if I sweat badly, my legs and fingers are cold.
My 6mo old nephew has pink round spots on each ass in the same place.My sister worries that it's the ring.It's bothering the baby
My 7 yr is still positive for the strep and I’m staying towards the pandas. I’ve been prescribed clindamycine 75 mg/5ml. Is this the right antibiotic?
My bf fingrd I might sperm on his hands. his fingr is dry, all he does is cleaning his penis wi/ a ppr twl.
Should I see a doctor if my complete blood photo results note rbcs show hypochromia, microcytosis and anisocytosis?
My father has a CV and Parkinson's disease, and is there any test that can show my potential child's possibility of developing these problems?
My girlfriend thinks she’s fat, but she really isn’t and she stacks calories and when she eats something bad, does she burn the calories through exercise?
My girlfriend has AIDS, we have unprotected sex because she says birth control protects me, right?
My girlfriend woke up this morning with a makeup at the end of her chin.She never had this when she went to bed and didn't hurt her
Are my mother’s warfarin INR levels recently fluctuating to warning levels for no apparent reason?
My pain pills make me sleepy and grumpy, but I need to work.
My periods are black and sticky, but no smell, despite having irregular periods for two years?
My recent blood test INR 1.12 APTT ratio 1.12 Beta-2 Microglobulin 1.50mg/L are they okay?
My son has hemorrhoids and he gets thin stools and mild diarrhea is it hemorrhage?
My son’s front teeth are very sharp.Why is this so?
My nails were in a yellow hue and had turned into a collision on my nails and I wondered what I could do.
Painful scar tissue remains below the point of abnormal hair removal, deep pain. Dermatologists recommend plastic surgeons.
Panic attacks after smoking? is this normal?
Please explain what it meant to have a “prominent nose”?
What is the survival rate for malignant meningioma?
Give me advice on how to stop taking hctz (hydrochlorothiazide) after developing petechiae in my arm.
Questions about release - slimey and middlecycle?
Question about the Test Bands. If they were pink before I used them, are they bad?
Recently there was bacterial vaginosis and fungal infection. I still think I was bv-treated with metronidazole + fluconazole.
Surgon found 1 large hemorrhoids and a few small.
School papers: How do discipline and/or criminal records affect your ability to be admitted to a professional school/medical school?
Is it normal for my skin to come out under my tongue?
Can two women have their own child?
So I have this dark brown mole on my head, it’s a sort of red around one side, I don’t know what causes it.
A few hours ago my left pink toe was shaken and it was quite painful, now it swells, there is a bulge in the right finger and it hurts.
Do you suggest a way of late dismissal during sex for men of 42 yr age?
If it is assumed that cancer was spread from the place of origin, was that early cancer treated differently?
The reason for my first pregnancy mistake seems to have a blood bag above the baby of 6 1/2 weeks, and what can I do next time to prevent it.
How to lower bilirubin like blue light?
The crying bubble under the feet, the red fingers... looks terrible, what to do?
How Much Niacin Should I Take to Clean My THC Free System?
What are the chances of getting pregnant if my boyfriend is off, but then his fingers and penis are inserted back into my womb with sperm?
What are a few non-medical things I can do to help my asthma?
What are the chances of survival after the diagnosis of stomach cancer?
What are the 5 most common emergency surgeries in American teenage girls?
What is a small white rash at the end of my tongue, can it spread to my baby?
What level of blood sugar is considered normal in people with type 2 diabetes?
What can cause the throat blood vessels to expand and expand episodically, which is significantly improved by a daily replacement dose of hydrocortisone (20mg)
What can I do with low back pain and rigidity during and after abandonment?
How can I increase my chances of getting pregnant? I also had a medical abortion 5 months ago.I used the ovulation kit and there were no results.
What causes hunger for an hour after eating, causing abdominal pain and burning sensations
What causes these blisters under the tongue?
What can I do to increase my breasts naturally?
What does a medical physician do during the cancer treatment period?
What does it mean to have a F2 bone cyste in my spine?
What is exactly the quickest way to burn off stomach fat?
What happens in fetal heart ultrasounds?
What happens to a person who has pancreatic cancer at the end?
What Can Increase Blood Coagulation?
What is the best position for the fetus in the seventh month?
What are the risk factors for cervical cancer?
What to do with migraines caused by temperature changes?
What is hepatic failure and how to treat it?
What are the definitions or descriptions of: Diclofenac?
What’s the difference between catatonia and “emotional unavailability”?
What is a good way to deal with back pain?
What should I do if I have 25 very painful cancers in my mouth, can you help me know how to relieve the pain?
If I have an archwire that is not connected to a rack that connects to the Damon rack, what should I do?
What should I do if I have a very flat ass? it hardly exists, and what tricks/exercises can give me a beautiful ass?
What should I do if there is blood in the stool?
What kind of treatment will you recommend for the demodex folliculorum infection? it appears at the bottom of the nose and spreads to the bottom.
What happens if a spider bites your tongue?
What causes a white tip? the sore throat in the morning, but it disappears.
When do your breasts start to swell?
When can I give my baby chicken and meat, they are now 8 months old?
When should I do an ovulation test? in the morning, in the afternoon or in the evening?
Why does my blood pressure rise when we wear a stomach bond? Diastolic and Cystolic both increase by 10 points, pushing it to the high blood pressure range 135/105.
Why do I have pain in the chest wall and difficulty breathing for a long time after workouts?
Why not use a non-rebreather on a pt that’s hyperventilating because of anxiety?
Why does my chest hurt when I stretch, cough, and cough?
Why my period is blood dark brown and stops after 4 hours.
Normal 3 U/s and lower 5 D-dimers during 4 weeks will eliminate Dvt despite the pain in the legs still present?
If there are symptoms of a collapse of the spine in the neck?
2yr old dry skin over the lips and upper lips irritated or dry. Regular cetaphyl atopic stick. Is it better to put baseline? it is
Suddenly my ears stopped producing ear wax, what’s the reason?
Does anyone have a dietary suggestion for a 10-year-old with gastritis?
Recent CT scans showed two patches in the pancreas.What does this mean? previous colon cancer and esdras.Also 6mm mass in the liver
Are there any serious after effects of an overdose of heroin?
A while ago, I developed a white crowded discharge, itching, small bubbles, a strange smell.I am 6 months pregnant and I do not have STDs.
Can allergies to the components of a toothbrush cause diarrhea and stomach pain?
Can race help you track a disease that is self-induced or self-regressive?
Can a person be allergic to a fever plug?
Can urine tests show you have a kidney stone?
Can cognitive behavior therapy help someone stop smoking?
Can Contact Dermatitis Cause Scaring?
Can I drink coffee to prevent headaches?
Can I have a glass of wine when I take methylprednisolone for Ivy poison?
Can Sleep Pain Cause Memory Loss? and Negative Thoughts? I've been diagnosed with sleep Pain but I'm sure how long it's been
Can it be irritating when taking a DEPO shot? Is brown discharge normal while using it, but so far there is no period?
Can you do surgery 13 weeks after the initial injury to repair the broken ulna and middle axis radius that shows poor bone healing and seems to be healing “the bow” (bad angle)?
Can you tell us the most common genetic disorders?
The cold gets worse after 10 days Symptoms: rashes, shortness of breath, chest pain, eyebrows stuck with mucus at night.
Does ovarian cyst increase during ovulation?
I cut off my fingers about 10 hours ago and it looked very deep and quickly cleaned up, wearing it, and now you can hardly say I cut it.
Does Adderall (dextroamphetamine and racemic amfetamine) cause the eyes to itch?
Does anyone get blood cancer?
Does chronic use of laxatives lead to a bacterial imbalance in the intestine?
Do people with cognitive impairment due to brain tumors recover their abilities?
Do you think there will ever be a remedy for herpes or people are already trying to find a cure?
The effects of alcohol consumption on body fat?
The eye feels dry a few days before one eye becomes slightly red with clear mucus, and the next day the mucus is yellow eye irritation.
The flu has been symptomatic for about 3 weeks, now the symptoms have disappeared, it has been coughing for 1 week, the chest really hurts.
For people with arthritis, does the pop kicks hurt like the palms of their hands?
For the first time, a lot of clear, colourless, odorless fluid was poured out of my womb two days after having sex with my partner.
For almost four months, I had yellow stools without any other symptoms, turned green three days ago and had no iron supplements.
It has water fluid on the feet and legs quite bad, already on the water pills....It has a difficult time to sleep and it makes it difficult to walk...Do I have to go to the age?
Do you think atherectomy is better than the stent procedure?
Hi. I have a bleeding and a little pain in my lower abdomen and back.After I clean it, I can see it and sometimes like that mucus
He touched my vulvar clitoris with his fingers, I don't know if he had an ejaculation or not.
Hello, I had a pain in my right ear.Maybe it started on Thursday, but it continues to hurt?
What is the difference between baby and adult blood vessels?
How can I overcome anxiety without medication?
How can I cure a third-degree burn?
How can you help a depressed friend?
How can I improve my posture?I’m bending my head forward at least 4 inches from my round shoulder.
How can I prevent my hands from getting dry?
How do you know the difference between hemorrhoids and colon cancer?The symptoms are very similar, but what are the main differences?
Why do so many doctors not believe adrenal fatigue is a real problem?
How do I calculate how many days my cycle lasts? it flows 6 days, but on the 7th day it falls very little, as observed.
How to stop my cold pain from the skin when the cold pain of the skin should bleed?
How can I tell the difference between diverticulitis and colitis?
How do you know if you have respiratory depression?
How long does it take to eat ice cream?
How much potassium do you need every day from a regular diet to be healthy?
How much water should a 60lb 10-year-old drink a day? we were told at least 64oz, but that seemed too much she drank.
How can I read the significant pain of the L1-5 swollen disk?
How do doctors recommend treating headaches or migraines?
Can I not see in the dark, like anyone else? do I need carrot or vitamin A?
I didn’t get my menstruation for two months at the beginning of this year. I consulted OBGyne, a friend of my brother.I consulted her after I experienced brown discharge and I was alert.She said I might have PCOS. She advised me to take Provera 10mg
I eat vegetable curry every day (of different types) at each meal. does that matter for my 5 per day and is it a healthy way to eat vegetables?
If a 5-year-old baby has a pain (the skin disease that causes pain), the doctor has given her the drug, but with which juice to wash it?
If I have a 33-day cycle and I start clomid in 5 to 9 days, when should I have sex?
If I have sex the day before I ovulate, when will I get pregnant?
I’m fine, but I have diarrhea every day and I can’t find a suitable diet for me!
I have water in my ears, so I use the ear drops for the ears of the swimmers; now I can't hear, drops are trapped in my ear.
I have a flu with dry cough and in the morning it's phlem.
I have a headache, dizziness and blurred vision, and I just entered one that I should be worried about, what are the signs?
I have a terrible headache, what to do?
I take Proventil (Albuterol), but I still have trouble breathing – what can I do for it?
I have a slight headache for a while.Are there an opposite MRI to detect the blockage of the brain in the CT of the head and arteries?
I have had stomach pain and some diarrhea in the last few days, is it ulcer or flu?
I just had a loop cut in the cervix. what to expect from my histology report?
I just ate chocolate, but should I not eat the rest of the day to control my calorie intake?
I am a teenager who is not sexually active, and recently I started getting pain when I pee shortly after ejaculation.
I have experienced a frequent throat cleansing since using ozone air generators... My Google calls it a healing reaction... What do you think?
I'm on a depoproval shot. am not sexually active.When I wake up and get up, I have a clear urge to discharge.Is this normal?
I am over 30 and I only have acne on my headline, what can I do about it, can my husband irritate and cause acne?
I was on the fourth day with extreme throat pain, coughing and possible fever.
In a mental health program, I use opiates again and my addiction to them is strong and don’t know how to tell the doctor?
I need to know if there are more than one types of achondroplasia.
Are CBT or X-rays good enough to tell a dentist if he needs a sinus lift to prepare for dental implants (will I go to CBCT anyway)?
Will Hashimotos goitre always be there, or can this condition be recovered?
Is it contraindicated to insert a urine catheter in a patient with a myocardial stroke?
Is it normal for the area in which you get your pieces hard?
Is it possible to buy a few irosons (elithromycin estrate) without a prescription?
I sprinkled raw juice in my eyes with my contact yesterday night, my eyes were good, should I throw my contact away?
Is Salmonella an Infectious Disease?
Is there any formal diagnosis of hypersensitivity to clothes?
Is there a connection between dry ears and dry lips?
Is there a medicine for control of my anger?
Is there any interaction between drinking soya milk and taking accutane?
If your semen or discharge comes out brown, is there something wrong?
Is the use of an electronically programmable stationary bicycle for a moderate speed as good for the heart as a moderated walk?
I take Yaz (Drospirenone and Ethinylestradiol) bc and I missed the last 11 days, I had unprotected sex, I could be pregnant and I could miss my period in the next month because I took the pill
I took 4mg of Suboxone on Tuesday so I got out of my methadone and was in full withdrawal...I have a urine test 5 days later on Monday?
I had sex with a condom.I checked for wrinkles, it was okay, there were no wrinkles.If it didn’t crack, was it almost effective for STDs?
I’ve never been pregnant, so it’s hard for me to distinguish the signs and symptoms, so a clear/blind discharge could be a premature sign...
I was at ENT for another problem and he said my adenoids were very soft.I am 20 years old.Is this normal?
Excentrial mild c5c6 discovery vertebral joint hypertrophy to the right; mild t-spinal scoliosis, defect of bilateral stops l4, stenosis of forums in l4l5 - is surgery necessary?
My 2-year-old daughter receded in a speech, she had an epileptic seizure in November, and she had behavioral problems (do not listen, act, mean, ignore) why?
My 7-year-old has severe seasonal allergies and is being prescribed a daily dose of antihistamines, can you recommend any natural treatments?
My boyfriend's penis became black and blue on its head after having sex yesterday night. has swelling but no pain. it looks like a blood bubble?
My son is a painful loser.
My grandfather has lung cancer and he has it in his heart.He didn't make much sense and fell in abundance.The hospital nurse took diuretic medications for him.About how long does he have?
My mom is about 75 years old and her BP and sugar are in control, and sometimes her urination frequency increases despite normal sugar.
From mini-tablets. 35 days of the last menstrual cycle. 4 days of menstruation. 2 days after the bleeding ended, I felt like I was ovulating and had pain in the bottom right.
Please advise if it’s normal or is it okay if I’m trembling during my beneficial day?
Can you recommend the best beer to avoid hangover?
Tell me what adrenal disease is and what causes it?
Back glass separator eye-p.v.d, what is this?
The radiologist read my pelvic CT scan wrong and I went to the ER to hurt my very bad pelvic pain and so on.They ordered a non-contrast CT test of the pelvic.The first CT examination report showed the right ovary was slightly larger than the left (I don't have a left side)
Should I use a benzoyl peroxide cream or soap?
Lord, my mother and I are not sure if I have any suggestions for herpes or a cold??
Sometimes I dream when I sleep, but I am awake and know that I am, but also dream.
I always have a non-productive dry cough on my nose, but there is no fever and occasional headache, what should I do?
Had a stroke at age 90?Would speech therapy help her at this stage?
Well, should groups of people not take Aromasin (exemestane)?
What is the best treatment you know to cure a cold quickly without causing scars?
What is the probability that I will eventually get the symptoms caused by my wpw? Left vascular connection. No symptoms, medical diagnosis. Age20 men
What are the treatments for frequent urination?
What makes me bright, Dizzy?
What can I eat before my colonoscopy?They told me the clean fluid, but what does it mean?The coffee is not clear, but they say I can have it
What can anyone do about heart disease?
What caused a 17-year-old girl to experience pain and a feeling of a bubble in the abdomen?
What effects can I expect from velcade chemotherapy (bortezomib)?
What if the delayed ovulation occurs due to psychological reasons?
What is functional heart attack and what preventive measures should be taken?
What are the definitions or descriptions of: hyphema
What is life expectancy for a person with mixed connective tissue illness?
What is the prognosis and best treatment for DVT?
What is this rare illness called Porphyria?
What kinds of diseases and abnormalities can cause both symptoms of hypothyroid syndrome and juvenile arthritis?
What could cause a slightly enlarged joint gallbladder if all other organs look good?
What treatment do you suggest for endometrial and ovarian cysts?
When does deep-vascular thrombosis occur after a flight?
When do you need to seek medical help for MRSA it is red swelling and pain has recently been a bit sleepy and nauseous I am a diabetic?
When I eat food, my throat stretches badly, apparently being turned by a mobility disorder. I also have chain spasms and pain in the breast.
When Is It Needed to Drink Salt?
Does cooking add to coconut oil or affect cholesterol and triglyceride levels?
What parts of the body can be donated when you die?
Why is the abdomen at the top of my belly always swollen and full whenever I eat? and then I end up releasing gas, which mostly stinks.
Why should I participate in a MS clinic trial?
176 RA IgM factors are considered low-positive for rheumatoid factors.
3wks postop GB removal.very nausea, pain, and headaches.to get an ultrasound tomorrow to check for fluids. could it be the cause?
One friend and I were lying at night and we both did oral sex...Is there any way I can get pregnant?
Can a fiber softener allergy occur immediately, or can it appear a few months after using softeners?
Do you have blood tests or ultrasound tests to see if you have Globus pharyngeus?
Is it sometimes hit me in my head? is it sleep or cold or other reason?
Can a man with impotency or erectile dysfunction ejaculate while sleeping and have nighttime emissions?
Can anyone be cured of solar maculopathy
I started taking 100mg of gabapentin per day for 4 days and 200mg of trimethoprim twice a day.
Can a milk allergy lead to the formation of circles under the eyes?
Can lifting weights lower the immune system? for the first time in seven months, start yesterday, and the next day there is a cold pain in the lips.
Can you give me some advice about good abdominal exercises?
Can you use emla cream (lidocaine and prilocaine) during the tattoo procedure?
Can you get bird flu from the bird flying to your home?
With daily use of about 6 to 7 months, the best way is to restore weight, muscle and fat.
Vertigo and light in the head, what can this cause?
Doctors, what is the average sperm volume in a man ml?My husband is 2 ml.Is it too low volume?
Do diuretics remove your appetite and make you feel uncomfortable when you go or get up?
Do doctors need a biopsy to make sure I have a disease, or am I just undergoing a pelvic examination?
Will the muscle tension of antipsychotic drugs disappear after stopping? all other side-effects will go away, or the brain will re-connect to the conservation effect?
The impact of healthy foods and junk foods, what are these nutritious foods? and the impact of junkfood, thank you.
How much hair is too much for a woman?
Do I feel a rhinitis a week before my period and BC is normal?
During the last months, around the same hour of each month I feel angry, irritable, inflamed, fatigue cramps.
Cold eggs at 24 to 25 years old.
Did anyone study the positive or negative of spanking?
What are the side effects of taking Tesbooster at the age of 16?
Hey, my ferritin level is 14.8 ng/ml... Do I need to take iron supplements?
Is it true that humans are born with both female and male parts?
Hi, doctors, I take 20 mg of Citalopram tablets and have cold legs, all the time, any other side effects similar to Citaliopram, I am worried?
Hi I am 18 years old and would like to know what I will use or take to become older?
Hi, I went to a cardiologist, I did ECG showing changes, ecocardiography and my heart was good, but I saw some interruptions.
How can you really deal with bad morning sickness?
How can I improve my eye?
How can I get rid of the nose, itching eyes, rhinitis and frequent cough?
How can I show my reverse nipples?
How can I stop the pain on my face?
How can I overcome my family problems before I go to college?
How much temperature should it be to kill the creutzfeldt-jakob disease?
What is the probability that a dermoid cyst is cancerous?
How long is acute bronchitis lasting in children?
She is very active and is trying to get a smoother stomach.She weighs 84 pounds and is 4' 11"
How to treat pulmonary edema?
I have a boring pain in my esophagus, and it’s painful too, and I’ll feel a little better if I take Omeporazale.
I'm trying to gain a pound, am I having some genetic disorder?
I can only not use the bathroom for 1 to 4 hours, is there any way to keep it more, what to do?
If I have astigmatism, can it cause a headache every day?I don’t wear glasses, but I work on the PC all day and there’s a lot of bright lighting.
If I suffer from the morning side effects after the pill, should I assume that they worked?
If you had Giardia and have treated it, but your liver increases enzymes, what could this be an indication?
I had mucosity in my stools and myself for 3 weeks and then suddenly I had sickness and diarrhea with fever and now I go back to the mucus when it turns on?
I have a positive ANA 1:160 Homo pattern & RNP of. 3. joint pain, dizziness of the limbs, skin indents remain for hours, itching.
I have a distorted feeling and occasional pain that appears and disappears in the upper right abdomen below my right chest, what could it be?
I’ve been having problems every time I eat, I go and it’s yellow and short and my belly feels strange in the middle, I have diabetes
I have been experiencing headaches for about 2 weeks, feeling tired and weakened and loss of appetite that has not occurred at once.
I have endless inflammation throughout the day, which makes me feel weak every day, but at the same time ruins my appetite.
I have flu, I have no heart disease history, my heart rate is a bit higher than normal, is it normal during the flu, or is it a worry?
I hit my front on the edge of the microwave.Do I need to check it out?
My feet hurt, but I don’t know what’s wrong.
I am bleeding for no reason, what can this be?
I have an eruption of genital herpes, usually I take the acyclovior. but the pharm told me that it could affect my ulcer.
I have eye pain and red appearance again, what can be the cause?
I have sulfuric acid three to four times a week, no gallbladder, I eat healthy, what causes it?
I have a lot of hemorrhoids! what should I do?
What are the side effects of Dr. Dnp?
I recently had sex with my husband during my period and he ejaculated inside me and now I had painful cramps in
Do I need a vaccine against the H1N1 or H5N1 flu?
I started my period a little on Sunday, but on Monday I stopped having points.Today my seven-day feeling is that I still have my menstrual period, but only the point.
Are there any side effects or bad effect on the body by drinking protein from the body?
I think they have what they call bipolarity, and I can’t afford treatment.
I have had recurrent yeast infections for years, how do I prevent them from recurring?
I have had eczema on my face since October for the first time.Can it come from the alcoholic makeup brush cleaner I use or
I now feel like my gloves are asleep and I’m being treated for hypothyroidism, my legs really hurt, and the dry skin on my feet is thyroid?
I woke up, my eyes were cut off, what should I do?
I learned that my mother could get a tumor after a X-ray.She sent our nine-week-old baby last week.
My 16-month-old son has ethylmalonic aciduria, what kind of fats are harmful to his health (saturated fats or mono saturated)?
My age of almost 3 months was crying during his meal. almost every time he feeds, he was Crying.
My fasting sugar is 136, or 7.5, which is high, so, is this why I vomit every morning?
My left is in a low and horizontal position and my right testicles are in a high and vertical position.
My legs get upset to the point that I can’t walk sometimes it happens when I move fast or carry something very heavy.
I'm thinking of using peppermint oil capsules to soothe my ibs is this a bad idea?
A week ago, tonight, I was throwing out several times and there was no stomach pain or stomach attack. I slept until the rest of the next day. No energy yet!!!
Over the past few days, my glasses are trembling, what is the reason? just a slight excitement.
Do people who have received a liver transplant due to liver disease (the final stage) always develop liver aneurysms?
Please help, 27w/ED has occasionally had problems at the start of the past year and a half, until now it’s not possible to keep standing while masturbating.
Please suggest the best antibiotics for the highest WCB and CRP. This is due to bladder surgery
Tell me what they can do about the hole on the face?
The pockets filled with purple fluid on the scalp increased for a few months, swelling during cutting. similar to skin labels. worried about cancer. there is nothing to check out?
Rcently prescribed Lumigan 0.1% IOP concern about burning in the eyes called the Doc and Doc doesn't take calls.
As for my last question.Every time I take oxicodone, I get very sensitive to the sound.A person who speaks is too strong.There are no migraines yet.
Heavy gastroparesis is thrown out every day. Most of them are a liquid diet. How do I make sure I get the right nutrients to be as healthy as possible?
Strange or frightening Ambien (Zolpidem) side effects?
Ultrasound says the length of the liver is 15.7 cm, is this a normal size?
Yesterday I walked somewhere in thin jeans I started to hurt my left hand I hurt when I touched it I didn’t happen before I was very healthy.
I was treated for chlamydia with doxycyline 2 months after possible exposure, can I have an asymptomatic PID and not knowing about the infection
I was writing, and my fingers were strange like Charlie's horse.
The wet eyes have been usimg restoration for a month I’ve tried to refresh that caused discomfort what drops of eyes recommend to stop the eyes of water?
What are the side effects of Cyclizine 50 mg?
What are the best lumbar stretching exercises?
What are the components of a good exercise routine during pregnancy?
What are the side effects of Zoloft (sertralin)?
What Are the Signs of Having a Coldbite?
What can I do with adrenal tumor and what are the symptoms?
What can I do to naturally abort a baby? live in the Philippines and abortion is illegal here.
What can I give to my 13-year-old teen with throat pain?
What does the ECG mean by t wave flat?
What does this mean if I only have a partial tear of my PCL?
What does it mean when some people with Gilbert syndrome develop anemia?
What does the lymphatic core with the center of the echo-gen mean?What can cause the swolling of the
What should I do if my bf was someone in w hpv?We haven't done sex yet.I've taken three gardasil.
If I was 27 years old, what would I suggest if I had a sperm erection problem after I inserted my penis?
What is suggested if my husband was prescribed metoprolol to reduce his hearing rate, which was higher than 100 bpm?
What inanimate objects do you calm when you look at them?
What is Multi-Cystic Pancreatic?
What is a anti-nuclear antibody test in immunology?
What is Micturization?
What is ovulation, and when will the female ovulate?
What is the time to recover from a bone surgery?
What is the difference between gastroenterology and Roux-en-Y surgery?
What is recovery for surgery such as endoscopic sinus surgery and septoplasty?
What advice do you have to design an effective workout/nutrition plan?
What should I do if I'm worried that my two-year-old son has a holter monitor test?
What should I do if I can’t stop eating fat food?
What should I do if I have a problem with my fistulectomy?
What kind of vitamins or minerals should a healthy 23-year-old man take daily?
What causes abnormal T3 (liothyronine) levels? is TSH/T4 normal?
When do doctors use a big needle?
When I close my eyes and get tired (I try to fall asleep) suddenly, coincidental thoughts rise into my head like a very fast dream.
When I turn on or off my shoes, do I feel like there is sand on the bottom of my feet and feel shaking?
When I think about something that makes me feel frustrated and nervous, I feel my heart rate, what does it mean?
Is it better to use 7seas tablets or minadex multivitamin syrup to boost immunity in children after illness?
Why do I get cough when I eat salty or salty food?
Why Do Preeclampsia Women Have Stomach Pain?
Why do some nutrients completely circumvent the liver?
Why do I feel stomach pain every time I eat meat and the gas is bad? is it intolerable? is our body really not to digest meat?
Why do people with a thin nose tend to break their lips?
Does having lipomas in the lower back affect a given epidural or spinal blockage before having a
Can you say you can get the flu from a flu shot?
Birth control at 21 f, my periods start late, periods are lighter than normal, pain in my abdomen is not normal, and I’ve been much more tired lately.
26yo F. HIDA scan showed 23% gallbladder function, no stones.
After having sex once I don’t want to do it again with her, why do I do it?
Anal cracks have been bleeding a lot for a week.Started treatment with steroid cream a day ago.How long will it still bleed?
What effective treatment for allergies can I do?
Is there a good OTC remedy for labyrinthitis?
We are both a carrier and our first baby has Hb e beta.We are interested in our second baby.
Can AST and ALT levels rise because of a root canal procedure?
Can I take a B12 shot if I have high blood pressure?
Can I take my antibiotics 1 hour earlier? penicillin 500mg 1 tablet every 12 hours?
People can be born without color blind, then it occurs as they age.I know that people with good vision can go wrong, is it the same thing?
Can there be positive tests for HSV1 and HSV2 if you have never had any symptoms, what will blood tests prove?
Can varicoselectomy or inguinal hernia cause epidymitis?
Can too hard cleaning your teeth cause fatal oral disease?
Could you write me a doctor’s certificate so I could take my music exam again?My fingers were caught, blood vessels formed, and swollen so big that my nails got up.
Dads HbA1C was 6.2 on January 21, 2015, he had a diabetic diet: Hba2C was 6.0 on April 4, 2016, now can you check Hb A1C again?
Does hot dog cooking reduce sodium content?
Does thyroid nodular calcification mean you have cancer?
Does taking 5HTP help to reduce the adrenal hormone?
Does GMO have an effect on type 1 diabetes?
Do people with testis cancer feel that the pain comes and goes?
Foods for treating low alkaline phosphatase?
MRSA Doctor gave me doxycycline for 10 days. The cyst is excreted and does not hurt. finished medicine. Is it out of my system? will it come back?
I have a hole that feels like my legs are getting 1 inch lower than the floor, and it’s a little annoying but not terrible.
Hi, 3.71 x 4.35cm ecogenic mass mixed at the bottom of the uterus, pls what does it mean?
Hi here you can help.Do I ask Dr. Eric Kelts?I think that I have a nerve that I’m stuck in and it moves to my legs from under my back, what I think is siataca I don’t know but I am in pain.
How to put the battery in the packaging machine?
I am a 17-year-old girl, weight: 170 pounds and height: about 6 feet
How can I 'force' to grow a beard in a particular area?I want to make a 'goth' style, but what I have is only a jaw and a small beard.
How can I talk to my doctor about insomnia?
How to get in touch with worms in pets?I saw a few white things in my b.M. but didn't see it every day.How can I remove them?
How to safely remove a potential head injured swimmer from the water?
How harmful is an infection if it is not treated?
How long after an aneurysm surgery should you stop working?
How long does the implant bleeding last and is the same as the normal period of bleeding?
How many times do I need to evaluate and replace my customized Orthodox and flat-foot / 1fallen arch. 5K running / walking advice to avoid injury?
I am 20 years old and weigh 62 kg and I am 5"6' tall
How to increase sexual energy?
How to lose fat? tell us specific things, i.e. the type of exercise, the duration of the exercise, etc.
I'm always facing problems with my weight gain. what should I do?
I'm a survivor of Hodgkin's pediatric lymphoma. I've developed a double horizontal vision. I have an ophthalmology appt.
Effient 1 per day temsig 50mg 1/2 day ramipril 2.5 per day aspirin 1/day is it advisable to get a tattoo since I have 2 stents and had a heart attack in the last 18 months?
I have unprotected sex with a prostitute after 28 days I go to the HIV test I give the result is non-reactive 0.07 is it conclusive?
If the mother has celiac, should the child be tested?
I feel that my food is not digested and I feel like I have to throw it out constantly?
I’ve had sex today and since then I have had severe bleeding and I’m not in my period, but my periods are not regular.
I have a bean-sized ass over my wrist, which is hard but also soft when I touch it.
I have a small point on the top left of my back. I have it for about two months now. it’s a bit like a gray point. so please help.?
I have an irreversible tube in my breasts, and now my last child has a pair that has no pain on the chest almost six years ago?
I have a headache, so please recommend it.
I have had slight pressure/density on my head and face, and for 8 years, I feel only better when I bow down on the floor.
I have very high prolactin due to pure tumors, and I also take antidepressants.
I hit my head at the car door, there was a small collision, and after 24 hours I had a headache.
I hurt my knee and heard the pop, but now it hurts when I go up the stairs and down it and walk it, or move it in a certain way, I should see my doctor
I just started my period for 2 days and just started real bad headaches, throat pain, body inflammation and colds.
I am 19, the doctor checked the uterus, developed abnormal cells, HPV varices, receives more tests, was with a boy 2 years old can I have sex without protection?
I am 24 years old, my cholesterol is 354, I have 3 degree obesity, now I work with a nutritionist and a doctor, and I also have osteoartritis.
I am 27 years old, a woman.I use lotions to remove hair.What can I use to prevent or treat rashes when hair grows again?
I'm 48 years old and I don't have frequent erections, but do I take blood pressure medications and Cialis helps me somehow, or is it in my head?
I am from 5 to 9 160 pounds How to gain weight quickly and healthy in 1 month I want to earn 20 pounds or more?
I am a young MTF and I want to start hormone replacement therapy. is aldactone (spironolactone) 100 mg / day a good option?
I have bad headaches with cold sweat pain in the neck and nausea and pain behind the eyes
I have too many heart palpitations (the heart pulse is very hard every 2 minutes) I am just 22 years old.
I am not sure if I am pregnant. take 2 tests one + with a very weak blue line another -.. fatigue, severe headache. nausea.. dizziness. but pain helps?
I usually wash my hair for 1 * week because it is very dry I take isotretinoin.
Is a four-week negative HIV/PCR antibody test reliable?
Are atherosclerosis inherited?
Is my blood pressure normal at 110/74?I feel nervous and wireless at 2am now.
I share food with a lot of strangers and eat from the same dish. I have cancer pain. Is it possible to develop oral/genital herpes?
Is it better to take aspirin in the evening or in the morning to prevent heart attack?
Is it normal that the stomach increases in size after receiving CPR?
Is it normal to get a cystocele at the first pregnancy at 27w? not overweight. standing and sitting for a long time.
Is it safe to absorb alcohol (ethyl 70%) every day before I put it in and then put them right after?
Is Mental Illness as Hereditary as Bipolar?
Is a fast/hard heartbeat is normal, followed by an adrenaline rush, even in bed it seems to be random it happens more frequently now it has happened
Is there a cure for measles infection because my blood is too thin and there is a risk of internal bleeding?
Is there an effective way of determining if you have caught a venereal disease?
Is it still in the healing process, or may it be a scarring.What should I do?Do I need a check-out appointment, or do I need to wait until I was treating the age spots with liquid nitrogen 2 1/2 weeks ago.
I think I have a very painful bonyon and I think it’s too late to go to the store.Do you have any common household goods that you can use to help now?
I was discouraged because IV was in university for a year and have only completed half of what most students have done.
Winter exercise is hard, I like to run outdoors, but it’s too cold, there’s so much snow, how do I lose weight in winter?
I get my hands mostly red in the morning.I found myself sleeping hard on my hands.Is there anything to worry about this?
I took 20mg of Prozac (fluoxetine) and increased to 30mg per day this month. I have to take it all morning or divide it for breakfast and lunch.
I wear my glasses, sometimes I don’t wear them, whether my vision at night is cleared at the time of the day, what does this mean?
Low potassium? how much should it be? can I take the drug excessively?
Can I use tampons a week after a medical abortion? I found contradictory information online.
My wife and I have been trying to have a baby for the past few months, but will it be negative?
Can severe infections and lack of nutrition cause hair loss?
My 5-year-old daughter took a urine test last week and found traces of blood, calcium was 2.4, creatinine was 3.3, should I worry?
My seven-year-old son fell from his back on the couch and hit his head on the concrete floor.
Does my back hurt on the right side?
My BM is not solid but not loose enough.It looks more like the absence of a better word "cracked" why is this?
My eyebrows and hair fell out a lot, and my eyelids didn’t grow any more, nor did they grow very fast, and I even used Rogen (Minochitil) to grow my eyeglasses, but it didn't work.
My vision is bad in one eye -0.5 and in the other eye -0.75 how can I improve my eyes to normal vision without features?
My heart rate is normal during the day, but why does it get faster when I sleep?
My mother’s uncle and his daughter both suffered from leukemia when they were 65 and 54 years old.
Sometimes, the blood vessels in my lower leg break and form, and there is a lot of pain with the appearance of touch.
On the upper right side of my head, I have that random pulse sensation? as if someone was touching his finger on that little place.
Painful rash spread on the right ass. causes lymphatic pain on the thigh and general pain in the back
Penis extender or jelqing? what is better for penis enlargement?
Planning a healthy pregnancy with diabetes. what to do and when?
Tell me what it is when your back is locked.
There are severe migraines and deep pain in the ears for a week.My migraine causes deep ear pain
Should I make a statin tomorrow at my check-up?My cholesterol was very high and I’m sure it’s still.
Should I take an influenza vaccine or there are negative side effects?
Should I take a ball out if it is still inside?
Tinnitus 35 years. silence until the break May.Squealing. up and down.ENT doctor thinks that stress is the cause.Good sign noises vary as well.Treatstress and will you withdraw?
I have recently been diagnosed with crown and thought of moving to a vegetarian lifestyle because raw vegetables/salads are already a problem.
The McKay root picks will grow up, and if so, why have I relaxed my hips inches when I started taking the pill?
What is considered to be the safest prescription medication for high blood pressure?
What are some of the risk factors to get high blood pressure?
What are the physical factors that affect heart rate?
What can I do if I can’t put the contact lens at all?
What is the reason why the number of red blood cells is high, it is at 19 and the ESR is high and TSH 1.25 has never been as low as the anti-thyroid 9 is at 900?
What causes underdeveloped breasts in a woman with PCOS?Current biochemical abnormalities are a high deficiency of LH vit d, sometimes a low
What Can Increase Estrogen Levels Do for Me?
What do I have to do after I have tried for 8 months, and there is no good result for the second child?
If my son suffered from cerebral palsy and the school had no room for him or his drugs, what would you advise?
What if my son had just been diagnosed with a heart murmur? he was just 3 years old and I thought the murmur
What foods should you avoid if you have herpes?
What happens if the HPV disappears itself and can it still spread?
What is alpha-1 anti-trypsin deficiency and what effect does it have on the body?
What is Magnesium overdose? I took 200mg and is it too much?
What is the drug for high blood pressure
What kinds of bacteria or viruses are identified or sought by a semen culture?
What is a murmur of the heart?
What to do with premature grey hair?
What should I do if I have done a prk so that while I am in my recovery phase, I should have a certain temperature on my place?
What if someone mixed the human growth hormone with femara (letrozole)?
When my heart burns, my eyes also start burning, which is very uncomfortable.
Which listerin is better for cavities?
Why is my left hip almost every night? I’m turning around with it. It turns from my hip’s bone to my foot and ends up on my knees.
Why is my tongue so painful?
Will I continue to have a baby after a heart attack?
Does a broken scapra take more time to heal than a fraction of synthetic fibers?
After 3 days of flu (influenza) w/fever taking ibuprofen and acetaminophen, I left a burning feeling behind.
Ana 160:1 and u1rnp 5 u/ml. Other lupus screen negative. Lung hypertension, kidney failure is bicarbonate (natrium bicarbonat). Can it mtcd/sjogren?
Anorexia with irregular heart rhythm.
Best Multivitamin Brands for Seborrheic Dermatitis and Candida Overgrowth?
Do you have any advice for ointment for rashes on the hands and feet and mouth of a 2-year-old child? she has energy but is a little uncomfortable with the rash on the arm/bottom.
Any suggestion I have received a benzapenecillin injection 2400000 and now I feel more valuable than before, have I been cold?
Does Sympathetic Nerve Blocks work to calm the sympathetic system that causes angina and migraines?
In the evening, when I use my phone or PC, it will be a bit blur.
Blood pressure is 140/88 low? I am 25 years old.
Bright red spots and periods occurred for 6 days. the last cycle's middle cycle had points for 4 days. last month period lasted for 12 days. for 44 days.
Can Depression Cause ANS Disorder?
Can I tell myself how to maintain my materialism when I don’t eat?
Can laser eye surgery cause pain during surgery?
Can microdermabrasion be harmful?
Can anyone advise me that I have had pain in my knee for 5 months?
Can we die with an extended heart on the xray?
Could you advise me to translate my MRI result?
Could you call me at 908–405-0112?
Can abdominal adhesions be obtained from a laparoscopic bilateral hernia?
Can you tell me how advanced is lungs/bronchial cancer?
Can Diabetic macular edema be cured by acupuncture?
Does anyone know what causes pain in the legs, especially at night?
Would a female virgin get angry if she had sex with a person with a prostate problem?
Is chiropractic medicine helping people with back problems?
Does excessive masturbation cause back pain over a long time?
Does ovarian cancer cause numbness in the legs and swelling in the feet
Does the father or mother carry the high genes of the daughter?
Does the use of a foam roll build muscles or relax?
Is Weight Loss Naturally During Breastfeeding?
My father has acne and arthritis, and I also have joint pain, which means that autoimmune disease will also be passed on to my son?
Feel slightly shaken, sick. I don't have diabetes, but I have a glucose meter. The meter read for 3 hours after eating 75mg.
For what reason do surgeons choose to overload the stomach rather than bandage surgery?
There is a liver failure, the medication is unable to reveal the cause, and ascits have developed.How can I naturally improve the liver and kidney function?
There was a collision on the right lip of my vagina, and when it was bad when I sat down, I bit, and I didn’t have sex for a year, what could it do?
Hi, I noticed that I had a small black spot on my gums, the mark occupies the surface of the very tip of my gum tissue.
How can a DHT blockers impact a female user on birth control?
How do I deal with gambling addiction?
How can I control my PP sugar levels? Fasting is controlled. Is eating, walking, and eating also controlled?
How can I reduce my triglyceride levels.I was removed from my kidneys in 2010 and my levels rose.I am a vegetarian and truly healthy
How to slow down hair loss in the middle of my hair?
How can you check your cholesterol level?
How is a medical examination used by the insurer?
How long does it take for sleeping medication to get out of your system?
How low can hemoglobin be before a blood transfusion is needed?
How long or how far do you have to ride a bicycle to lose weight?
How common is low testosterone in men aged 30 to 50?
How to Heal Disk Hernia? What Types of Exercises Should I Do?
If you hate your life and are afraid of dying, how do you live it?
How to Lose Belly Fat?
I am 5/1 and 185 pounds I have hip problims so I do not exercise what are my waiting loss options?
I’m a 21-year-old man with a small, painless buildup of about 1 cm in my hip area, which is where my inner legs connect to my chest?
I am sure that Maxalt (Rizatriptan) is not working at this point.My head gets so bad.It hurts to move it, just walking.
I think I have the flu, I vomit green and yellow, and I also have a fever.
If I have only 10 minutes of time to work, what can I do?
If someone has been treated for chlamydia in the past, is there a possibility that the doctor can find out that he needs to retrieve the medical history?
If your numbers are hard and dark, what does that mean?
I close my eyes very often.Can it be because I have anemia?
I have a low placenta that bleeds twice around 1 o’clock in the morning, is that coincidence?
I had a backdrop surgery three years ago and had discomfort in the area of my right leg and leg. Can this treatment help me?
I suffered two strokes from endocarditis in 2012 and had unbearable headaches for 24 hours a day for three years, what tests do I recommend?
I have a solid small bulk under the skin in front of my trachus, and I’ve had a very bad headache that’s so bad to wake me up in the middle of the night.
I have had damage to the lower lips since last week and have not healed!I am hydrating it to prevent a crack, but now I have a small shock on the upper lips!
I have iron deficiency and have not been diagnosed, but I am quite sure I am anemia. Do I just want to know if broken blood vessels are symptoms?
I have a pink blood vessel on the left side of the penis. it reaches the front corner before it disappears. it only appeared yesterday. what should I do?
I’ve been watching my periods every two weeks for several months, I’m very regular, and I am much heavier, can you help?
I have big breasts and my nipples don’t come out when my nipple comes out when it’s cold or when I touch them.
I have chronic hepatitis C. A doctor I usually do not prescribe metronidazole 500 mg for a bacterial infection.
I got my head cold with transportation, I got the Rx of zpak I, and I took the boy dose today, but for the last four days I felt a disturbance in my left ear.
Recently, my ends are constantly cold and my joints are easily sleeping.Can this be another autoimmune disorder?
I have arthritis and fibroids, the weather seems to affect how much pain I feel, what do the doctors think about it?
Do I have chondromalgia of stage 4 in both knees, along with the eruption of the left knee vein and the right paracentral disk of t8-11?
I am 26 years old and I have constant hot flames, several times a day. I sweat very easily and had a significant decrease in appetite.
I am a 42-year-old woman with pain in the lower back, what could it be
I am a woman of 29 years old.I feel pain through my abdominal button.I have a problem with pain more recently, but only when there is pain.
I’m feeling stressed about pregnancy and my period began to be light and shorter, can my stress cause this?
I have acne on my neck, how can I stop it?
When you quit smoking, how many years will it take for your lungs to get clean?
Is a fast heart attack normal after taking methylprednisone?
Is a two-day period with mild spasms normal? usually I have it for 3-4 days with very bad cramping.
Is cirrhosis the cancer of the liver?
Do you use Hydroderm for Jock itch?
Is it possible for a teenager to have a really bad stomach acid? it has worsened and generally avoids the foods they trigger, but in recent times even the antiacids will help
Is it possible that the common antibodies neutralize the acid that produces the plaque and causes fluctuations?
It is possible to cure cataracts without lens implant, but are you using a correction lens?
Is there a way of losing my lower belly fat and seeing abs?
Is vaginal swelling normal during the ovulation period?
Is itoprid hydrochloride a aidgul drug?
There are only three, it doesn’t hurt, I thought I’d touched something, it’s a kind of rose, I’m not sure it scares me?
I have a bilateral neck disection for thyroid cancer in 2011.My neck has been flooded for 3 years.Do I need to see a lymphatic nod specialist?
I have had swelling that have reappeared on my larger lips three times or more, but now I have a small rounded wound.
I currently use a night guard, but wondered if any damage caused by bruxism is reversible over time (is it that the enamel heals)?
I’m doing pretty hard training and recently, I’ve been clicking my knee when I try to go down the stairs or exercise any leg.
I just got the news that I have an old compression fracture that is now causing me pain, what can I do to relieve the pain
Recently, I’ve gotten this strange rash behind my ears and inside my ear.
The legs felt like something was crawling on them, but nothing.
Headache and body pain are very severe, what can this be?
My 5-year-old son has a fever, a running nose, a cough and diarrhea.
My beard is re-growing, it is itching with red spots. can I do anything besides regulators to treat itching and spots?
My dad had a small piece on his legs, just after his forearm was torn apart. It was no longer as dirty, it would never cause him pain, but the little piece still exists?
My friend was also on the nuva ring, and if she washed the ring with really hot water, she would stress the problem.
My jaw makes a noise when it chews.
The back under me always makes you feel pain. Is there any way to heal this? Playing Badminton and going to the immersion will worsen?
My period is a week earlier and heavier than usual, what can it mean?
My red blood cells remained around 5.6-5.9.Hemaglobin was always between 16.9 and 18.0 and hematocrit was always around 50-55.
My stomach always sounds noisy, whether I’ve just eaten, but I don’t have much gas.
No, I am in BC and I have sex (it’s painful) I have blood brown and my vagina is almost painful but painful?
Regular discomfort in the left arm is accompanied by short chest pain, and I am breathing the air.
Period is more than 4 days ago. But the period is similar (as) to the tinga and a little cramp now. Nothing important. Is this HPV Bcoz that I have? Is it causing pain?
Please help me with bipolar ptsd fibromyalgia and high anxiety
Pushups - should hr or BP fall first? for me the hr falls quickly but the neck continues to pulse very hard, is it dangerous to have low hr and high bp?
Side effects of fluphenazine?
What insurance includes the laser treatment for angiofibromes?Best treatments for angiophibromas?Laser treatments are inefficient.
What is the reaction of Lasik?
What are the main signs of a staph infection?
What can cause cancer below the eye?
What can we do for a displaced jaw?
What causes kidney stones, is it in genes or diet?
What does it mean having low ts4?
What does it mean if everything has the same smell and smell?
What if I was nervous on the hamstring but still could walk? something surely popped up on my hamstrings, but I’m still hockey
What is a good place for the answers to dental problems? Ada or is it just a party line?
If there are spots on your legs that look like liver spots, are they black?
What is the cause of back pain? from the bottom right side to the middle. really worry. no changes in the way of life. also have low abdominal discomfort
What is the definition or explanation of Lyme disease vaccine?
What is normal body temperature for a man?
What is the use of the drug lovenex (enoxaparin)?
What should I take into account before getting an intrauterine device?
If I have a stone in two kidneys, what should I do if one is 7mm.If I put the stone alone, what would they do?
What should I do if I begin to experience the 'Turkish neck' problem?Do you know the Flex exercise that can help me?
What viruses can cause brain swelling?
When I see my girlfriend's bad words / insults come to my mind, I have to replace them with good words.
When should I see a doctor for the fever of my child? It was around 103 the whole day and has the peak at 103.7.
When should I think about a knee arthroscopy?
When do you lose weight?
What are the best machines and jobs for cellulite on the ass and hips?
Why did I have a pulmonary rupture after a heart surgery?
Why do my lips always scratch? what should I use as a good moisturizer? Vaseline and carmax don’t work (of course).
Why do my ears “pop” when I'm lifting weights?
Would you test Neg for chronic 15 WBC leukemia, low hematocrit, early saturation, fatigue, and muscle weakness and discomfort for "ordinary suspects"?
About eight weeks of pregnancy women had a small period of cystic bleeding for one hour yesterday, after which only a light brown point passed through the blood vessels.
After a hysterectomy, the menopause begins immediately.
After a car accident, my legs and feet are dizzy and I have knee pain.
After Septorhinoplasty (In 4 weeks post op) how do you know if the rest of the Dorsal hemp is up or different?
Do you have any clues about how to stop losing hair from stress and begin to grow? I have a big test that took stress in early June and then
Patients with COPD received 12.5mcg of pentaniol. gp doubled this dose to 25 mcg. The patient died two weeks later.
Are your arms considered to be makeup?
Are food intolerance such as MSG and onions permanent?
Is the surgical steel and the surgeon degree really the same?
Are there quick home remedies for mild abdominal pain and headaches?
Is there any side effects I should worry if I have my 9-year-old son using Milk of Magnesium as a disinfectant?
Blocked ears, swollen nose and symptoms of a cold or a dry throat
Blood in the urine, pain in the flank. No burning, frequency. Polyps of the bladder or kidney stones
Can contact dermatitis lead to a cutting of the vagina?
Can a tooth seal be safely removed without using a drill if there is a crack underneath it?
Can fast food really make you fat?
Can ibs relax at night and then go into the day?
Can tuberculosis cause microvascular disease?I cough for more than 3 weeks, micro hemorrhage
Tell me if my fingers are blue, swollen, and can’t move the amount that means it’s cracked.
Can you tell us what melanocytic lesions are?
Day 2 with a delicate, bloated, brittle feeling, pain when standing, moving, laughing or sitting. lower abdomen / pelvic area. no uterus before 1
Diverticulitis causes the lower back.
Does anyone know the levels of hCG associated with partial molar pregnancy?
Does your mouth loosen quickly or slowly?
Lung cancer always affects the oxygen levels
Is time important during the ovulation?
Do I need to take antibiotics before a dental examination?If I was in Tkr?I know you will do this before a dentist examination.
Feeling tired, life fatigue, some sleep disorders during working days, some weight gain, and there are rare suicidal thoughts.
Frequent unbearable leg cramping, what is the fastest way to alleviate pain?
I had pain for two weeks, but now I have pain in my abdomen and right side.
After three days of severe contractions for two days, I started bleeding again after sex.I feel pressure on my abdomen, do I also have a fever?
Hi doctor, I feel numb and dizzy in my neck and neck, pls help me?
I have skin colored spots on my vaginal lips! there's a problem? I'm really afraid!
How accurate is the doctor’s measurement to determine the week of the baby, date of arrival, conception, ovulation, etc.
How bad is olive oil for your diet?
How does hot water look thin?
How Mitral Stenosis Affects the Heart?
How qcarbo16 works, I see that people use it to pass a drug test, although this is not why I brought it, I need to clean my body, how
How will your basic metabolic rate be affected by your basic energy spending?
How long does the blood last after the removal of mirena (levonorgestrel) until April 16 I was always regular
How long will the pain last for a root extraction?
How much do the spots in the abdomen (Witch Hazel) hurt in general?
How do you know if you had an abortion without passing the fetus?
How do you measure the severity of pectus excavatum?
I am 42 years old and I have only experienced menstruation four times in the last year.I have stomach pain, but nothing happens.
I have experienced a headache (better: resting, nsaids (ibuprofen, naproxen, etc.) (time frame: gradually starting) (side: left, right) (incidence: < 1 hour...
I have severe stomach pain in the middle of my right side.Every time I sweat I'm really bad like Charlie's horse next to me
I was sitting on a chair and holding something and feeling like something was shaking and now there is pain around my left side neck.
I didn’t have my period for a month and now I have a pink discharge and a negative pregnancy test and still do not have a period.
If I have an allergy to a normal ear, can I put a bright nail polish cover on my ear? or is it wrong? I’m reading this on a few websites.
If you had a CBC two years ago and still have the same symptoms, is it good to have a new one?
I got a cold about a week and a half ago.Now I have a very severe headache and a pain in my left nose, I feel like my bone in the left nose hurts?
I had a hysterectomy and removal of my tubes and ovaries, but two years later I was told that I had very painful areas in my pelvis and I had endometriosis.
I had unprotected sex 6feb n My period was 17feb. 3 times tested 2 days in the morning, but were they all negative?
If I have a brain disease of 3cm on the left frontal spine, can I also suffer injury when I am pregnant?
Do I have ADHD? is it possible to be a surgeon? please tell me honestly.
I have a small hole on the floor of my right ear.What can it be?Thank you.
I have endometritis, just had an abortion, and now the pain seems to be stronger than before, is it because of abortions?
I had some pregnancy symptoms, I was 4 days late, and there was a slight brown discharge at the time of my period, and two nurses said I thought I was.
I have hypermobile joints and I’m experiencing pain in my right arm, ankle, shoulder and muscle.
I have a lot of dry gangrene on my right leg and I lose four legs, but I don't go beyond the middle leg.
I have mosquito bites all over my body, from head to toe. My whole body itches. bites and other bites come together.
I have no big nodal voice on the right side of the neck, and I have severe pain in the throat.I was diagnosed with pharyngitis.
I have a pain in my left side of the neck, I have been swallowing for 3 days.
I have this peeling/blister patch on the bottom of my foot. What is it and how to get rid of it?
There is this strange taste in the mouth, but there are no other symptoms of dry sockets.
I have a flexible sigmoidoscopy and when am I ready to use it before I get into the hospital?
I'm 5' 8'' and 109 lbs I can see the pulsing on the left side of my stomach button when I go down.
With a lot of local pain, I was diagnosed with extended uterus, bikornate and some egg cysts.The pain is extreme.
I begin to think there is a collapse of the Mallard Dome.
In an attempt to diagnose the disease, I received a 7 CT scan in two years.Because of a new upper-right abdominal pain, the doctor ordered a low scan.
In the middle of my chest, under my breast, it makes me think I can’t explain it.
I have symptoms of pregnancy 23 days late, but what should I do if the test results are negative?
Is it normal that bleeding after colonoscopy is not associated with the intestinal movement?
Is it possible to have pain in my upper back?
Is it possible to take antidepressants for a lifetime and stay healthy?
Is it possible to have anxious symptoms 24/7, for two years straight?
Is memory loss associated with statins?
I coughed and got rid of some of the stool in my throat (I had a nose drop after), it was clear, but then there was something white, what was that?
Are there treatments for acne and the fourth nerve paralysis?
Is there usually pain in the left shoulder/arm/leg associated with acne?
I have been experiencing ear pain now for a few months, sometimes.Is this sound like a brain tumor or sinus problem?
I have stitch like pain and bleeding/ uterus feel heavy. I have had mirena (levonorgestrel) for 8 weeks now.
I wondered how far I would go if the ultrasound said 6.5 cm / 1.3/27 Hz at the top of my image.
I want to know what causes pain, mild fever, swelling, frequent coughing, headaches, fatigue and nausea.
The most effective. muscle relaxers for chronic pain.L4-l5?
My 16-year-old daughter left with abdominal pain, no fever and no burning when urinating, and just 2 days ago her period decreased?
My doctor may change my prescription (metoprolol) because it ruined my sex life.
My doctor said above my head.We are confused.What is the amiotic infection?
My mother had a pain in her left arm legally, and she had never suffered from her heart, the finger itself moved, what could or would be?
My patella is sensitive to touch, it hurts when the knee is twisted, and it jumps out. there is no noticeable swelling.
My stomach / lower stomach is painful 2 months after a C section. Is it feeling like spasms?
Missing a headache every day, but not having a pregnancy, what could go wrong?
My friend has eaten some raw chicken in an accident, so can he get insects or parasites?
Only one sex partner and cervical dysplasia reoccurred, what is wrong?
Pain in the right leg, sometimes on the side, sometimes in the knee; burning behind the knees, getting worse with a cold.
Please explain why my amygdala hurts.
A sharp pain on the right side, the bottom of the neck?
Heavy joint pain began 24 hours ago, right. pain when opening the mouth and trembling. Do you need to go to ER?
A sharp, localized pain in the top of the head, about 10 degrees from the center, a slight deformation of my parietal bone.
Should I take my inhaler before I go to a doctor's examination?
Should I use nicotine patches to quit smoking, or should I try e-cigarettes?
A minor acne in girls over 3 years of age appeared for no apparent reason, but doctors worried Monday why there was no reason for it to appear so much.
If I have a polycystic ovarian period, can I get irregular correctness?
Symmetrical legs and feet; dizzying, weak and tense. Painful to walk @rest, both feet throb until they both go "numb".
Ectopic but negative test symptoms.?Such as dizziness, lower abdominal pain to the right, shoulder pain.I think I feel this only after the
The vaginal scan shows 4 cells, but I have a constant swelling. the pipe above the penis is significant, no infection is seen.
When I open my mouth, the right bottom of my face is painful.Do anyone have an idea?
My muscles hurt right above my ass Most of the time, it bites with pain.Does it hurt to always wear a high heels and wear a flat?
Strange light sensation 24:7 for brothers While the doctor said there was no allergies in the blood work I did a neurological examination on the PC the doctor all well that they say that anxiety
What antibiotics are prescribed to infected cysts?
What is Obsessive Compulsive Disorder (OCD) and Tourette?
What are the causes of women's back pain?
What are the symptoms of myocardial infarct?
What are the treatments for nervous tension?
What does the pain in the back of the right hand mean?The pain comes and goes and is quite severe.
What to do with really sharp pain in the left leg?
What can cause hematuria with acute pain in the urk of nausea, dizziness and water retention
What can cause pain in the eyes after sleep?
What happens if my ovaries aren’t visualized, which means I can’t have a baby?
What is a good replacement for butter?
What are the causes and solutions that appear to be a running gas pocket up and down my back, chest, rib cage, and sometimes there is a grip on the pain?
What is the cause of pain in the pubic bone?
What is the difference between Refractory Chronic Migraine and Transformed Migraines? Do you need a specialist in common nuero headaches in CM?
What are the procedures involved in open heart surgery?
What are the reasons why the fluid comes out immediately after sex?
What does a dentist differ from a oral surgeon?
What could cause so much pain in the fleshly part of my hand under the thumb?
What muscles can help reduce back pain?
What amount of 10mg lortab is equal to 15mg of oxycodone?
What questions should I ask when looking for a pain management doctor for an 85-year-old father with severe back pain?
How do you deal with the depression of seeing ghosts and feeling upset overall?
If my last period is 28 days and I have a 31 day cycle, when will I ovulate?
Where can I find good natural gout treatments?
Which brand of natural progesterone cream is best suited for girls with PCOS?
Why do I have acute abdominal pain after 3 months of surgery? I can’t talk, walk, wake up, stand, and even wear too much underwear?
Why do I have pain in my left arm?
16, never had sex, STDs are unknown, uterine irritation, sometimes pain, no pain in urination, stimulation all day long.
1 day absence period, the vagina area is dry, why?
I had my "real" period, lasts about 6 days, the day today 9 & I'm slightly spotting (only 1x per day) for the last 2 days-odd?
Ovulation 2 days ago had sex 3 times, but a mild onset that began after the symptoms, more bowel movement, fatigue, gas - can I get pregnant?
I take Duphaston on the 11th to 25th, when can I expect my period?
B12:145 ng/L Range 130-800ng/L results show that only in Range there is a small symptom, neurologists say not low but GP begins to load the dose of 6 injections?
The symptoms are very uncomfortable, is there anything different I can do?
I’ve been sick for more than a week, the cough is dry and wet, the nose is wet and there’s no apparent fever. OTC cold pills don’t work, and I’m currently taking antibiotics to treat UTI (Bactrim I believe
Can it be encouraged to make your period last longer?
Can cyclic vomiting syndrome cause miscarriage?
Can a shaved penis change your sex?
Can you get high liver enzymes due to scar tissue in the urine due to prostatitis or past STD trauma?
Can I have sex while taking Progesterone?
Can overweight cause bilateral inflammation?And how to remove it?
Can the problem of orchitis affect my digestion or cause drooling?
Can pink eyes be treated with g.E. Sulfameth/tmp ds?
Can Quetiapine Cause Gerd?
Can there be a link between the disease of celiac and polycystic ovarian syndrome (PCOS)?
Can you get pregnant from Pre-Cum?
Can you jump / swim in a swimming pool if you are 9 weeks pregnant?
Can you recover from the fools of the planters and if it is the time of recovery?
Can you take L-lysine when you try pregnancy?
Can anyone get neuropathy in the arms and hands?
Describe the characteristics of a fracture.
Do DMSO help plantary fasciitis?
Does drinking soda and juice harm your baby during pregnancy?
Does the eradication of H. pylori result in weight gain?
Does food poisoning cause permanent damage? I later heard in studies that it is the cause of kidney damage, diabetes, and high blood pressure
Can I get pregnant if I have sex on November 21 and had a period on December 13?
Have sex two days before ovulation and one day after ovulation I can get pregnant?
If I have not received my period since July because I am irregular, can I still get pregnant?
My 18-year-old special need daughter has just done bloodshed work. lymphatic cells 3.8. her leukocyte esterage is 500.
A rash on the right leg, does not go away, doctors do not help, what is it? and what to do now?
How Do I Prevent Glaukoma?
How to prevent ortostatic hypotension?
How do you stop bleeding during your period?
How is a person getting hyperthermia?
How do you break your arms in volleyball?
How can I tell the difference between a sinus infection and an allergy?
How do professional therapists help people with outpatient eye injury safely?
How do you decide who will take your mom?
How long does the abdominal pain associated with hyperemesis pregidarum last?
How long will it take to recover from uveit in the eye?
How quickly can I get pregnant after Depo-Provera Provera (Medroxyprogesterone) shooting?
How to prevent the flu of a visitor who puts his hands in his mouth when he never learns to cough...Can hand gel help me?
How to know if there are side effects of fever or early signs of pregnancy?
How to cure scarring scars?
I was almost a month pregnant and I began to sweat. it started pink. it looks like red, but is it normal?
I have problems and confusing moments with my body and I am afraid that through my research online I can get pregnant and I really need some advice?
I have been giving birth for about two to three years, five months, but I want to be pregnant but I didn’t have a menstrual cycle, but what should I do?
I came to my period twice in the last month this month my friend came to me and I bleed 4 days after sex?
If a person has chronic overventilation syndrome and is subjected to pft and methacholine challenge tests, will the results be affected?
I fell on birth control taken on Friday and had sex on Wednesday if he ejaculated, I can still get pregnant
I aborted last night.I am 13 weeks old.How long after abortion can you try again?Can you get pregnant?
I had a salpingectomy in two tubes four years ago, but I want to get pregnant again.
One hour after I pulled the blood, I lifted the weight and I noticed a small ball filled with blood, is this normal?
I had unprotected sex just two weeks ago, but there was a slight cramp and chest pain with a dark areola that never happened.
I have a lot of small red spots between my eyelids. I thought they were pimples, so I used benzoyl peroxide and that didn’t work.
I’ve been out of alcohol for 1 year and 8 months and recently drank 0.06 packs a day, is it harmful to my liver and health?
I’ve developed these random red spots on my bones, neck, and back that will burst out and disappear over time.
I have had 11 sets of ear tubes since I was 6 years old. is there any other solution instead of getting more?
I had a few pregnancy symptoms, but all of the home tests I brought were negative and I started to think it was my period today....I need help to figure out what could be wrong.
I have a contraceptive (levonorgestrel) and I have irregular periods, but I also have brown discharges, so what does that mean?
I have this rash for all the time coming and going on my chest, I’ve made an appointment, but it’s a kind of fading, you can still test it and diagnose me
I had three positive early response pregnancy tests with morning disease two weeks ago, but since then, is there a positive test that is real positive?
I have 28 years of irregular periods. my BP was 144/101 is it normal?
I’m almost 35 weeks pregnant. and I’ve had an ultrasound at my high risk today Dr appt. the baby’s growth rate is 22%, the weight is 4 lbs and 14 oz. if the 20% goes down, will the baby still be healthy from birth?
I am an athlete, I am a water polo, I play football, and I run long distances.Taking 50mg of prednisolone a day would have a tremendous impact on my lifestyle
I am in the process of losing 30lbs and trying to get pregnant. Can I stay on the weight monitor during pregnancy when I am pregnant?
I am worried that I am pregnant, but I think I have ovulated yesterday?
Now I’ve ended my period for 2 weeks, but now I’m still bleeding and I am nauseous.
Do I need a few tips on how to reduce abdominal liquid retention?
I often masturbate a day. I do it five times a day and then it led to the softness of the skin. What are its disadvantages and advantages?
I have not had a decent time in almost all of my life....What can be wrong with me?...I am 23 years old...
Is it normal that a child is really dark after swimming in a pool?
Is it normal for eye infections to appear filled with red and swollen puffs, and now it looks like a swelling that looks like blood bubbles?
Is it normal to have spasms before and after the period?
Is it good to induce your menstruation while on sugar pills?
Could my roommate have an allergic reaction if she has a dog?
Is it possible to get bleed if you’re prego?
Is it possible to ovulate for one day after a period of interruption?
Is it safe to take apple yogurt during pregnancy?
I started taking PPIs (8 weeks) and antibiotics (one week) to treat h.pylori and gastritis.
Is the GM diet good?
Is there a way to stop my periods for a while without a prescription?
It starts with a headache, the next day I move my eyes, itching, pain behind the eyes, 102 fever, a slight cough.
Can I still get pregnant with a small egg?
I’ve had uterine spasms/something for a while. I know I’m not pregnant and this happens by chance.
I’ve had a collision in my spine for about a year, and recently there’s been a burning feeling, and over the past two days it’s turned red, colliding bigger, more painful?
I had a bulk in my belly and it’s been moving for a week now can I be this?I was also conscious?or was there a neg test for pregnancy
I have had constant headache problems for five years, but now they are more like migraines, I went to see neurologists, eye experts, and nobody helped me.
Late menstruation after a bad carwreck.
My fiancé and I are experiencing a red-burning, itchy scaling rash on my ass & on the surface of the cheeks.
My mom’s eyes are red and she’s washing her eyes.
My baby's neck burns red and swelling, what should I do?
My BF and I wear clothes and then I noticed ALot on his pants, my ass is there, can this make me pregnant?
My cousin is a 14-year-old boy. He is 4 inches long of the penis. My question is..... is it small for his age?
My doctor tells me I have macular edema.What does it mean?
The first day of my last period was 05/10, and I had sex on October 17 and 22.
My nipple has been very painful from May 14 to June 26, and recently, my lower right side has killed me, but I started birth control on May 11.
My periods were usually heavy, lasting five days, this month it was light and lasted only 3 days, and I had a 2 day intercourse after my last period.
My son was operated on a pereneol nerve that dropped his leg, and the doctor said he would wake up after a while, but it was over a year, but did he not move?
The period was two months late, and now it has continued for three months until now.In the beginning of all this, I was strongly stressed, but not now.
Should I worry about the extreme vaginal air/gas I’ve been feeling stuck since my hyme surgery to repair my septal hyme 1 week ago
Should adolescents use the diet plans on television?
A delayed menstrual cycle after 1 month of pregnancy, is it a sign of pregnant?
The lungs remain during pregnancy, is it normal?
Taking lexapro 10 mg lamotrigine 200 mg and seroqule 100 mg and trying to get pregnant prenatal should I stop anti-depressant know or after I fall into pregnancy
This is my second month in mononessa, but this is my 2nd day taking my inactivity medication, is my period still not normal?
He lifted a small scale on my face, but does this harm my skin?
Unusual breast pain every month after ovulation for 2 weeks after a twin abortion 9 months ago?
Does the upper stomach pain move the muscles? a particular stretch to prevent it?
How many weeks of pregnancy can you take an abortion pills?
I used Lodine or Celebrex (celecoxib) and used it for 3 or 4 years. Sometimes there was a slight stomach burning.
Can we experience a health problem because of a dental problem such as gingivitis?
What are the common symptoms of acne?
What are the adverse effects of binge drinking a couple of times a month?
What is the price of a new drug called roflumilast?
What can you have over-the-counter for nerve?
How does a rash of measles look?
What does the inflammation in the legs mean?
What does a positive ANA and IFA test mean?
What kind of irritation does soap cause in the private area?
What is a subchondroplasia procedure and what is the outcome?
What is the best and fastest way to reduce bleeding? will you go to the honeymoon in 2 days? can you start a new package?
What should I do, if I cut my teeth into a hard grain, it’s just wearing my wisdom tooth is growing, it would affect the teeth more than any way?
What should I do if I think there are any symptoms I don’t know if I can get PMS or pregnant?
What kind of exercise is recommended for rehabilitation from Chondromalacia patella?
What kinds of medications are effective in reducing or eliminating PVC?
If I have a soft stool, I need to wipe out the perineum, as there are feces, not on the vagina, but on the skin below.
When do I need to get a flu shot when I’ve prepared to help live?
Why is a seven-month premature baby safer than an eight month-old?
Will bodybuilding slow my growth in height at sixteen and a half, in just 5'7ft?
Will doctors help a young couple get pregnant?
I woke up with the feeling of shaking both hands.
Are I responsible for receiving my medical card if I have ADHD, neurofibromatosis, asthma and arthritis?
The wrist and wrist touched the pot and got slightly burned. No pulp. Apply polysporin (bacitracin and polymyxin) more than 3-4 times a day. Should I worry about overdose?
Yesterday it seemed like there were 24 hours of insect vomiting and malignant diarrhoea aquatic, and today’s rash appeared very itchy and looked like measles, but it wasn’t, what
20yrs Women. Fever at night and disappears in the morning. Saliva dries rapidly during the day. Tandils swell and swelling decreases.
According to my 28 day ovulation cycle, I should have my period on May 7, my last period was April 9, and today is May 10.
After 6 months, if I have more breasts left in one breast, should I attribute it to swollen or poor glandular tissue?
Apple Cider helps with weight loss and how to use it for this purpose?
Are the red spots on the whole body?
Is there any home remedies for the athlete’s foot?
Are these burns normal in the early stages of pregnancy?I just learned that I was pregnant (how long I don’t know yet) and I’ve experienced pain.
Knee Arthritis: What is the best way to get relief?
As a gymnast, my wrist has been hurt after excessive exercise.It has been about 3 weeks, and it has been pain in one place since the exercise to date.
Can chronic gastritis lead to other conditions like gastroparesis, obstruction, stomach cancer, etc.?
Can doctors tell me what heart rate you need to reach when exercising?
Could the handling of frozen food cause cold?
Can I obtain a systematic effect from the long-term use of Cortison (Hydrocoction) 10 OTC?
Can I take the motrin for acute pain in the palm of my hand?
Can masturbation while taking Diflucan (fluconazole) eliminate it from the body?
Can oral sex prevent cervical cerclage surgery?
Can cessation of smoking cause long-term digestive problems?
I can’t get rid of my athletic legs. has it bothered me for a while now?
Can vitamin-based skin care products help my SPF work more effectively?
Can white noise interfere with my deep sleep?
Can white water discharge cause abortion?
When the heart beats, clicking sounds will come and go, the upper left chest pain is sharp, and the pain will pass through the rib to the left upper back.
My husband was sexually harassed as a child, once as an elderly man, then as a teenager. At that time, he was also physically abused at home, so he had no one to look for help.
Doctors, do you think I can develop cheloid scars on my healed old tattoo?
Does a meniscal displacement cause pain along the joint line?
Does anyone know how to eliminate acid indigestion easily?
Does the operation of small aircraft lead to permanent hearing loss all the time?
Can you smell gonorrhea?
Can small children finally get rid of the anal skin tags?
The skin is always dry on the outside of the lips.Why does this happen?
Every time I eat pig, I stop why?I am allergic to this because my older daughter also stops.
Extreme pain in one leg like a cramp.
Are you in the head?
Abdominal pain in the lower right quadrant, should I be worried?
Based on my understanding of the anesthetic genes, you got a shot, they put a mask on you, and then you wake up, but was there any strange activity like laughter when you woke up?
I received a deposit in 3 days of the period. 1 week later, my husband / husband had unprotected sex. Was he protected from pregnancy?
Last Tuesday I had a larpcoli for the gallbladder, which was relatively good, but recently it recurred with severe nausea and vomiting, along with high blood pressure.
On the last day of object sex, I ovulated on the 30th, he sucked 2X into me, my pen was 13, but I spit it out on the 14th, why didn’t I get pregnant?
If I have a headache this month, how can I relieve the pain?
Hi, I am 21 years old and I have white buds all over my body I want to know if it is keratosis pilaris?
I am 3wks and 6 days. this morning, when I urinated, there was a small amount of blood in the tissue. today there is no blood.
How can I get rid of the red and black spots on the back and the skin?
How do I get rid of this terrible tooth pain?
How Can Doctors Prevent Premature Birth?
How can I deal with the uncertainty about Huntington’s disease with me and my children?
How early can an abortion be done?
How good is the ultrasound to detect IVH in my child?
How to cure labral tears on the shoulder with subluxation?
How long do I need to have sex to get pregnant?
How to deal with back pain?
I’ve eaten a lot now, I just got love gloves, and how many ass implants are there?
If the doctor orders a CT scan abd/pelvic w/contrast without I can see that it is performed with contrast, but what is the purpose of having it without it?
I fell on my back when I was at work, with extreme pain on my left shoulder; I couldn’t move it at all without a tear.
If I had no sign that I was pregnant for the first time, would I have any sign this time?
If one of my breasts had received atrophy in the appropriate quantity due to infection, there would still be leydig cells in it and only sertoli would have died.
The filling is falling into pieces and my appointment for the permanent fill is in a week is okay?
I have thyroiditis, will it stay for a while?
I had a syndrome infection three weeks ago and I was prescribed to z-pac.I was getting better for a few days but was infected again.
I had sex with my boyfriend 2 weeks ago and we used protection. It was 7 months ago before I last had sex. I was late for 6 days. Should I be worried?
I have a black spot that appears on the inside of the lips of my outer vagina.I knew it a while ago, but now suddenly it happened?
I have broken my nails for about two years now and I want to get surgery, but it’s bad to wait five minutes for surgery after five months.
I have a scab right inside my left nostrils that hasn’t healed for more than a month.
I have a small dark bulk on the outside of my chest, a dead center, 1 inch above the nipple level, no pain.
I have had my period for 7 months now and I haven’t been pregnant, I sometimes have some abdominal discomfort, but there was nothing important, what was wrong?
I have osteoporosis, Nafrogen 1/2 (500mg) two times a day with 4 joint pain, pain is getting stronger appt. on 2/12/16 with rheumatologist ¿What to do?
I really had a bad Dandulf and the ketaconazole shampoo didn’t work.
I am pregnant about 17 weeks and I already have cramps; is it a scary thing?
In a 18-year-old woman and recently I think I show signs of bipolar disorder, what should I do?
In a young man and I get acne I’ve still tried medications and creams from a doctor but nothing works I really don’t want to damage my face no idea what to try?
I experience stomach pain, vomit immediately after eating food, frequently go to the toilet for long calls, or is it somehow ameba infection?
I feel nervous on the lower left side of my abdomen, and when I lie on my side, does it make my breath disappear?
I have an unfulfilled rest of 3 days, how can I stay in a state?
I never had pain before / during my period. the next day I began to have pain in the pelvic area. the night it is so excruciating that
Over the last year I experienced sharp pain in my left chest.I was tested and even received a mammogram and everything was fine.
I approach a counter and something appears on my left on the rib cage. If I pull something, it will hurt, etc. What is this wound?
Can I take Valium while taking Sinemet (carbidopa and levodopa) 100/25 and fast?My sister has rabies, is in the hospital and has never heard of rabies.
Can my hubby know if I am a virgin or not?
Is it safe to use a silicone gel sheet on the acne scratch on the face?
Is Odomos Safe in Pregnancy?
Is sex good for relationships?
Is it considered relatively safe to take 5mg of prednisone daily for a year?
Is there a cure for uncomfortable legs?
I spoke with open eyes while I slept, but I had no memory of the conversation.
I have a pain inside my suit, but what causes it?
I had physical pain, blocked dirty nose, headaches and pressure in the face and neck and it feels dry for 6 months, it's a bad cold
I noticed that after eating, my heart rate dropped from the 1960s to the 1980s, is it normal?
I often have boring pain in the lower left abdomen, although it can be tolerated, but should I still be worried because it happens frequently, go to the doctor?
I was caught by a boy for the first time, he touched his penis, it was wet, and then he caught my vagina.
My 24-year-old daughter thinks she might develop schizophrenia.A few months ago she began to feel tired all the time and stopped socializing?
My 2-year-old has red spots, white middle spots on the abdomen, chest and buttocks; they don’t bother him, but they’ve been there for a week.
My Sunday night blood report, that is, June 14 (23th day) of a 34-day cycle shows that I have ovulated and its 35 units.
My daughter was diagnosed as w a murmur@her4month appt. We went to 2the hospital 2do xrays&an ekg. L8r told 2go2dallas cardiologist what can b wrng!
The whole left side of my body has severe pain that passes through my whole body. There is severe pains in my neck, and around my heart.
My heart rate is 58-60bpm when I am in bed, when I change position, it increases and goes back to 60, is this a normal reaction?
My mother also removed a tumor block from her breast a few years ago, but is it still happening now?
My mother has a burning sensation in her left hand, she is a diabetic and has an asthma problem, please help me, what does this mean?
My headache is very dirty and I get rid of a lot of hair every day. My skin is oil type. Gp prescribed me diprosalic for the application of the headaches. What can it cause?
My wife continued to have pain in the lower left she went to the doctor he could not find any problems but the pain was still a problem all day long
Nev er missed a while of life until I started dating men outside of my race.I had February March April without menstruation getting the light and only 2 days may have no period,
I put the table salt in a bottle of water several times, and drink it every day, can I overdose it and die from salt?
Pain in the right middle of the stomach.
Please help us to doc asap...I have problematic allergies and my eyes feel like your rock on them for 2 days are very painful what can I do?
The whole body begins to have a fever on the head, but it is tolerable, and then spreads rapidly throughout the body, first looking like a bright shell and then becoming extremely red.
Scalp Psoriasis – What is the treatment?
Self-washing pubic hair – is it difficult to do?
Inconsistent pain on the right side near the ovaries and in the lower back.The pain comes from everywhere, starting for 4 hours today.
Should I see a doctor about possible anxiety/depression problems? I have recently not felt like myself. I have taken a few online depression/anxiety records, they all came back, I have moderate/serious depression qualities, but I
Should I take Cymbalta (duloxetine) 30mg in the morning or in the afternoon?I use it for diabetic neurosis.
The BF is disgusted by my stretch marks.What can I do to eliminate them?
Sudden chest pain shortness of breath, rest time at 100 is this pulmonary embolism I am 30/m.
Sunscreen for African people with extremely sensitive skin?
The second person who was closest to me had a cold pain and gave it to the person next to me who hit it and gave me (glasspipe), am I in danger?
There is a psychiatric night time pill of psychiatry, starting with "c", will it lead to insomnia?
Inexplained numbness and acute pain on the left side of my body.
A very large swelling in my old scarring 29 years ago, my additives were removed.Today I was changing my shirt.And I saw a very large spleen around the scar in a circle of 6 to 8".
What is a really good way to stimulate adrenaline?
What are the consequences of ANLL?
What are the side effects of stelacin (trifluoperazine)?
What can we do for intestinal blocks?
What can we do to get better sleep?
What causes a problem in the lower back (right) from underneath the legs to near the ankle?
What Causes Sensitive Teeth Two Months After Root Canals?
What does an unusual headache mean?
What causes your brain to vomit?
What are Ayurvedic, or homeopathic medications for chronic rhinitis?
What is gastrointestinal flu? is it infectious?
What's the most effective skin bleach/lighting cream?
What is the pigment epithelium of the retina?
What types of epilepsy there are?
What are the ways to get rid of this pain and cough?
If my husband was vomiting, what should we do? he had already a pain in the stomach last week, and it was the first time that he bleed tonight.
What do I do if I am 58 years old.befoe 25 days I got a positive vidal but after 25 days the vidal test is negative?
What methods / exercises are the most effective to get rid of hip fat?
Will the brain fog disappear after the nasal inflammation disappears?
When to apply sunscreen – before or after skin care?
When I use the bathroom, my poop is sometimes the size of meat balls or larger.
Why am I so forgotten that I forgot that we go what I say?
Why is my back injured when I breathe or swallow? it is the type in the middle of my top back, but just on the right side.
Why am I having chronic ankle ligament pain without a reason?
Can someone tell me how I have small pimples like my nipples and the surrounding area?
Can a BNP value below 10 pg/ml eliminate CHF or serious heart problems?
Are all lymph nodes removal operations cancerous in nature?
Can Cyproflaxin and Amoxicilline be taken together?
Could I take Cymbalta (duloxetin) with gabapentin?
Can stem cells research help ill arteries?
Can Sun Urticary Cause Anaphylaxis?
Can you take Prilosec with fluoxetine?
Can you explain if it is possible to have many of the type 2 diabetes symptoms and not to have it?
Can you take Tylenol (acetaminophen) and Advil together?
Can you tell me how to take prohormones in the right way?
Can you tell me if I can get the stomach flu two times?
My breasts continue to pop up and I don’t know why I went to the doctor and they said, y what can the inflammation in the breasts go away from?
Coughing pain in the chest has been the last few weeks.Now the blood-sucking eye, the irritated cheek lily is swollen, and there is also a fatigue of a headache in the abdomen.
Clomiphene Citrate 100mg From Day 3 to Day 5 There is any possibility of twins and pregnancy?
What does Cortison Shot mean as a knee diagnostics tool? if the shot works, does it mean inflammation? if there is no internal damage.
Can you tell us what happens when you stop smoking?
Does a thyroid level in the TSH range 4.1 to 5.2 indicate hypothyroidism?
Is endocervical component means endometriosis?
Does cetirizin help with swollen lips?
For a week, I had pain under my left chest, and it was worst when I fell to the side in bed, or when I got up and went to bed.
I feel burning in my throat from the last 4 days.I'm gurgling but there's no improvement. pls help?
Did someone else have any side effects taking alendronate/fosamax for osteoporosis?
If I stay in the shower for a long time, my nose begins to run crazy.
Hello Doctors I have hsv2 IgG 2.16 Elisa 70 days after my protection met just quality. I have discussed two doctors n they say Ur fine Pls is not clear?
Does the category of high myopia also involve astigmatism?
Hi, I have a 7-year-old daughter and I’ve noticed that she’s breathing deeply every minute.
Hi, I have epilepsy, have 30 seizures a day, and I take 2000mg of epileptic per day, can I take a higher dose?
Hi, I just overcome the stomach flu and have experienced pain in the chest, neck, and neck. I wondered what it was?
How are the metabolic rate and production of free radicals associated with human life expectancy?
How Warfarin Alternatives Can Work?
How does substance abuse be diagnosed?
How long does it take for a broken ligament in the knee to heal?
How long does it usually take for a man to ejaculate and when is it considered early?
How long does it take for my vitamin D levels to return to normal (about 70 to 80)?I am 29 years old and I take 2000 IU daily and try to get sunlight in FL
How long does it take to recover from reverse tubulation?
How long does it take to push a joint in your feet?
If you don’t see improvements, how long will it take to wait for SSRI (FullVoxamine) and how long do you give it to make sure there’s no improvement?
How long should you leave if you have a mental collapse due to your work?
How long does it take to walk to lose weight and how long will it take before you see weight loss?
How Much Should I Take 500mg Biotin?
How much will the girl get better after her period begins?
The husband takes the prograph and can he have a cancer; will the cancers spread quickly over the prograf?
I’m about 15 weeks pregnant and it’s hard to get to sleep, but what can I take to help you sleep?
I'm a girl, my sperm is slightly thick.stringy too.I don't have smyptoms, but is this normal?
I am currently taking Levothyroxine. 125 mg for hypothyroidism and trying to return to bodybuilding.
My stomach hurts, what should I do?
I have a difficult time to find information.On the success of a lumbar fusion of 3 levels with an internal stimulator.The previous fusion does not grow.Please help?!?
I was undergoing surgery with a mass of 1.4 centimeters in my inner right ankle, which is a possible nerve connection between the bones and the nerves.
I can feel a small lymphatis on my neck and the doctor said it's 9m normal.Iam itlle worry.But the rest of the lymphs I don't feel them.
I feel like anxiety and depression are ruining my life, do I need advice?
If I feel suicidal, what can I do?
If you have a stomach sickness sometimes, is there a problem?
If you take birth controls regularly and missed the only night you had sex in a year (after no sex), then if you continue to take them regularly, why is it possible to get pregnant with twins?
I was bitten by an insect in my muscle.It has been suffering for almost a month.It doesn't itch, but it hurts when I swell my knees
I have abdominal pain that wakes me up every day, constant nose, I can’t finish whole meals, dizziness when I’m standing up.
I have a 14 month, 12 day delay, do I have to wait to see if I have my next cycle?
I have a softness / swelling in front of my right ear, and the most noticeable is when my mouth is open, it feels like it may be the tip of the skull.
I just need to know if low-level antidepressant Vyvanse (lisdexamfetamine) helps you not to get depressed when you leave Vyvans (lisdexamfetamin) on the weekend?
I was 16 weeks pregnant, the skin on the left side of the stomach and back was sensitive and very painful when touched.
I am in high school.I have to bet at 8:00 to get 9 hours of sleep.I find myself beting until 11:00.
I am not sure, but is Huntington’s disease a congenital disease?
I’m interested in yoga, but I don’t know what to do to help me relax.
I often feel these strange tremors in my stomach.
I took my head on a rose bubble of nuts last Friday. inflammation fell a little, but it still hurt / burns in two places. is it infected?
Is moving from 40 mg of Nexium to 20 mg of nexium and 10 mg of granules of Nexyum a good way to lose weight?
Is it OK for 18-year-olds to take thermogenic drugs?
Is it normal for my mother to breastfeed while I take prednisone?
Is it possible to stop taking the SSRI for a day and fully recover from the OCD so you don’t need any more medication?
Is it possible to reverse the atrophy of the skin caused by excessive use of topical steroids?
Is it safe to use fish oil and lisinopril?
Is it safe to take Tylenol (Acetaminophen) Cold Multi-Symptom Night and 10 mg Melatonin?
Is levoquine (levofloxacin) used for diverticuli?
I smoke, drink, and my sperm is healthy? I can stay inside the uterus for 7 days
Are there foods that affect the volume of semen ejaculation?
Are there any shots I can take every year to reduce my reaction to poison ivy?I asked my doctor’s nurse and she said she’d never heard of that.
I stretched my finger while I was working.If I left him alone, would it go back to normal?
Are fruit proteins bad for men with endogenic hair loss?
Is it safe to take 20 mg of Zyrtec (Cetirizin) daily?I take it in the morning, but 12 hours later I suffer.
I took 20mg of Prosac (fluoxetine) for 4 days.I'm away from it for 3 days.How long do I need to get out of my system?
I often remove my tendons and my lymph nodes appear to have swollen from allergies can I get a lot of drainage?
I don't have a swollen throat with white spots for 5 days, a pain in the face, and now it's diarrhea Do you think this is a strap throat?
I used a nasal spray and took Claritin and mucinex (guaifenesin).
I took 30mg of tamazepam for sleep and it hardly worked, and they have now switched to ambien that doesn’t work at all for me.
I just had surgery on herniated disk l4/l5 and still have the same symptoms as before on my left leg. op E. Numbness and scratching, this is normal
A slight paralysis on the left face was diagnosed with bellpssy, but she did not confirm a stroke, she was afraid and wanted to know what to do?
Abdominal pain occurs before the abdomen, why does it happen?
In low lymphocytes in CBC over the past few years, everything else was fine, two chest sections separated by 14 MOS, both of which showed the same slightly enlarged L nodes, with some twins, below 2 cm, diagnosed?
Can a child have cancer if the parents have one?
My 2-year-old son was given Cefdinir for the very red throat, but the stress test negative, 2 brothers had stress.
My 4-year-old son swallowed a 10mg mouse killer palette and I struck his finger in his throat and vomited, he vomited and what should I do next?
My5yr had a dental surgery under general anesthesia. he remembered everything before and the doctor said he would forget everything.
My 92 y.O friend suffers from knee and ankle arthritis. would she treat the pain witharnica gel on xeralto 15mg to interfere with this blood thinning?
My asthma started with 2mg of abuterol and singulair (montelukast) and there is a congestion in the chest.
My father had high pressure, cholesterol and diabetes, he took a lot of drugs and I really was afraid what he should do?
My father has Phase 4 nsclc, what tests should he normally do to check progress/reggression?
My D is experiencing blood and tissue at the end of bleeding. For the third day in a row, but only in the morning! There is a 5-day GP reservation, but is this enough soon?
My husband and I had unprotected sex and he comes in. in me he told me I should jump to prevent the sperm from entering the egg, is that true?
My rheumatologist said, “If a patient has lupus, prednisone doesn’t work.”
My son was in ER last night for his reaction to Adderall after he gave him Xanax (Alplasolam) around 1130 last night.
My vitamin D level is 20...and taking a vitamin D supplement will give me a terrible muscle breakdown even a small dose of 400..
Note small pink black spots on the penis and one on the head of the penis - (this has already existed before sex).
One-year-old daughter is crying for breastfeeding at night, eating light solid, not drinking bottle of milk, always embrace me around her, and otherwise she is screaming.
In the second shot, can it hurt your chest?It will also make your nails dark?
From the blue, my heart will only get that pain, it’s really painful.
When should I rest after 5 days of pregnancy?
What is called surgery to remove bone growth the first word I know is alveo?
Should I throw off my hats to prevent re-infection with tinea capitis?
If I stop taking the pill after 8 years, how long will it take before I fully get back to normal with my cycle?
Symptoms of arthritis in the back?
Are the symptoms of chicken loss occurring on the body, treatment?
I think I’ve examined myself too hard and slightly inflamed my breast tissue, can it cause enlarged lymph nodes in this area?
Complete health.........,,, I have the stiffness of rigidity,,,,, weight loss,,,, thick lips....
Sperm normal, HSG standard, SH-2.85, estrodiol-20.8fsh-9.68, lh-5.63prolactin-24.1amh-0.62afc-3. result normal?
Ultrasound shows an enlargement line with at least three nodes, the largest is 3.6 cm * 3.2 cm. The nodes are stiff with increased vascularity.
U.S. = Diffuse thickening + gastrocnemus edema. MD said it's okay, ice. is this true? The leg has been hurt a lot for months. Now clean after >10min walking
What are some diseases of the lymphatic systems?
What are the sources of vitamin D?
What is the treatment method of water therapy?
What are the symptoms of spondylolisthesis?
What are the symptoms of Diftheria?
What does it mean when you need a deep breath?
If I had an abdominal pain and excessive sputum, what would you advise?
What would you advise if I shaken my ankle about two weeks ago and my legs were paralyzed?
What is a simple home remedy for premature ejaculation
What is Neuromytonia (Isaac syndrome)?
What is the direction of a few legitimate plastic surgeons who deal with cracks?
What is the maximum quantity of Valium one can take without overdose?
What causes my glands in my arms to swollen?
What is the main symptom of severe HIV?
When a condom tears, what to do when having sex?
What supplements or vitamins can I take to increase blood circulation to my knees?
What are the symptoms of strep throat?
What tests should I do if I often have circulatory problems in my back when I am standing for a long time?
If I’m allergic to the sun, but I work under the sun every day, what should I do to stop burning?
What Happens When A Normal 19-Year-Old Man Takes Viagra (Sildenafil)?
If I go to the doctor and tell him I am urinating a lot, can I determine if I have diabetes or not?
Why do spiders take so much time to heal?
Why do I have abdominal obesity with oily thighs and muscle atrophy of the upper lumbar?
Will an infection in an abdominal piercing cause symptoms of flu?
According to my boyfriend, the last time I had an absence event, my tears rolled on my cheeks, but I didn’t shake or anything, was that normal?
After a lot of antibiotic courses, I still have Helicobacrer bacteria, what can you give me advice?
Are monochorion-diamniotic twins generally healthy at birth?
Are there medications or treatment options to help with inflammation and discomfort during an IBS?
Is there a side effect of not communicating hydrocel repair?
A week ago, I used Monistate (Tioconazole) to treat yeast infections.Now I have a smell and I wonder if I should use a safeguard soap to help the smell.
Blood pressure is good to sit at 120/75, but just walking around the room goes to 140/90.I’m not overweight or bad.
Can a kidney or stomach cancer tumor be shown by ultrasound? and what does it mean when it shows the swollen kidney air around the kidneys and the possible blockage of a 7-year-old girl?
Can I get HIV-like STDs from mutual maturity with my partner? Cum touched the clit but did not get into the womb and also only cut in my hand
Can I take terbinafin orally for onychomycosis? I took 45 terbinaphine orally.Now the skin of the feet is red and painful
Can the topical metronidazole cream be used vaginally?
Can my baby with hemophilia take part in activities?
Can Rogaine (Minoxidil) cause weight gain, physical pain, and kidney pain?
Does the scarring tissue in the uterus or bladder appear on ultrasound?
Mupirocin USP 2% ointment can cause rashes when used if it expires?
Can subactive detrusor ever go back to normal?
Could you explain how to pass the drug test for marijuana?
The cycle was delayed for 2 weeks with negative pregnancy tests. The period was 14 days of mild to moderate bleeding.
Do I have to prove that in order to get treatment, Ive has heard that Gh has been approved for the purpose of raising height since 2003?
Every morning I wake up completely normal, and after about an hour, I am too tired.I can hardly stay awake.I also have some sort of itching.
It feels like something is stuck in the neck, shoulders, chest, it is slightly heavy, there is pain in the upper back.No more cough.
After having sex, the next day I took the plan B tablets and the tablets for 3 days after a few days of slight bleeding came, I was still pregnant.
They had sex with a preservative and withdrew 1 week after the beginning of the last period. no at bc. Now have a period of lower abdominal pressure due to a week.
My doctor prescribed Azithromycin 500 to me, they are too big to swallow, can I crush them with food?
How can I deal with friends who call me "Junkie" for all my drugs for my disability?
How do I know if I have varicose veins or blood blisters?
How to Repair the Upper Teeth?
How likely is it that someone will give a person meningitis after receiving the vaccine?
How long will implant bleeding begin after pregnancy? last period 11/13-18 Unprotected sex November 25
How safe is to use zidovudine for HIV-positive mothers?
How to treat urinary infections?
How do you know how many calories a day a teenage girl loses weight?
How to get a pleasant vaginal smell?
I'm 17 years old, and I had trouble keeping an erection before sex or even keeping it. I've tried it several times and don't know what to do. It's really scary, but my girlfriend said I should visit a doctor about it.
I am 19 years old and how do I do a good body training?
I'm experiencing urinary breakdown and abnormal urinary flow. I've been catalyzed recently during the surgery, can this lead to my problem?
Do I discover that every time I try to hold my finger, this weakness gets into my hands and a slight pain runs along the side of the elbow and arm?
That is, I have had white mucus in my eyes for two years and I am not sick.
If two metanephrine split tests are abnormal, what does it mean that the CT of the abdomen and spine is irregular?
If my teeth hurt, will they be removed?
If I took 2 tablets of Claritin (loratadina) + d 24 hours yesterday at 2 p.m. and took 1 tablet of Claritina (luratadina)+ d 24 minutes today at 7 a.m., did you technically overdose?
If I take the pill in the morning after 11 hours of unprotected sex, what are my chances?
I had a root canal three months ago, but my teeth are still sensitive to heat.
I had surgery on my right scaphoid and it was fine so far.It hurts so badly that I don’t work because Advil (ibuprofen) and the doctor’s office is closed?
I had unprotected sex 7 days before my period 3 days after I had light blood lasting for 2 days instead of the usual 7 days?
I have scratches or skin damage in my abdominal area, and I have a little bit on my arms. the scratch is red, sharp. I wanted to know what your scratchs are.
I have been on clonopin (clonazepam) for my gad for about 4 years, 2mg per day.
I have been tested for every STD and everything is back to normal, and the only question is how do I lower my pH at 8 to 4?
I have bleeding and painful acne.I have done a bath, using a PrEP H towel and cream.Nothing helped.
I just discovered today that I have chlamydia, but I am breastfeeding.
I am 4 days late in my menstruation I am very stressed 2 nights I took my birth control about 10 hours late and he pulled it out.
I was 5 weeks pregnant, this morning there were brown spots, my wife said it was normal, it was because of the implantation, should I worry?
I was in my period, I had unprotected sex, and he came into me. 2 days later, my menstrual bleeding stopped.
I’m on opiates and I want to get out.I’m very psychologically confused that my husband leaves me and I am depressed.
I take Clomid (Clomifene) since 3 / 4 months and my cycle is 29 days, I test my ovulation every time and get positive at 14 / 15 days, 4 days is okay?
I took prednisone for erythema multiform and combined it with Nabometone. A sunburn-like rash was formed on the chest and arm.
I am training for a marathon and I have pain in my plantary muscle, how can I help?
I recently stopped birth control, my last period was October 16, my cycle lasted about 32 days and I began to notice light blood from November 2 to 15
Can brain injury/brain damage be considered the same as mental illness?
Some say the combination of bananas and milk will make you gain weight, and some say the bananas themselves will cause fat.
Should I clean it after cleaning?
Can a seven-panel urine drug screen distinguish between Vyvanse (lisdexamfetamine) and concerta?
Is there a way to talk to someone about the subscription I just bought for their service?
On February 11, 2015, I took Plan B after having unprotected sex two days ago.Tonight I had protected sex but my condom broke.I wonder if Plan B works after five days.
After I took the pill in the morning, the last time I sat down and that night started nuvaring. I removed nuvaring 2 days ago and did not start.
I was diagnosed with GERD acid reflux anxiety and pharyngitis I had constipation for a week I was today and there was a white point?
I’ve been taking 25mg of Benadryl (diphenhydramine) 2-3 times a day for about six months for unconscious movements.
I have had this pain in my ass for at least two months and still haven’t healed.
I realized that after a few weeks of exercise, it caused a mess in my stomach when I ate something and I ended up with diarrhea before bed.
I used the bathroom, after I finished cleaning the toilet, I had a belt on my hands, I lifted the seat, cleaning it looks like dry blood?
How do you cure my child from yeast infection?
Kleptomania can be transmitted through genes.
Last week, the doctor placed me in the omeprazole for gastritis (not a previous stomach problem), so I had a few green pops of intermediate consistency.
My baby has red, nail-like pimples on her arms and legs, and they almost seem to be bitten by bugs.
My boyfriend has experienced short breathing the last week, he went to the doctor and they checked all of his signs of life and his oxygen levels and everything came back, do you have any ideas about what the problem might be?
My ccp ab IgG came back from 221 and from January 15 to now is 50.I used Prednisolone until I saw RA on May 6.
My daughter still shows symptoms of type 1 diabetes, what can I do?
My father is 81 years old and has been suffering from Parkinson’s disease for the last three years.He can’t move his hands and legs.
My first sonogram was that I was 7 weeks pregnant 3/22.The next pregnancy (5 weeks later) measured bby in 13 weeks.
My gf had her menstruation 2 days after.We had sex she had planned for 2 weeks for she had not had her cycle since she just had her period?
My wife plan B and six days later, she stopped her pregnancy for two days, or her cause was that she was only a year from Depo Provera.
The swelling on the right side of my cheek has no other symptoms anywhere else.
In 30mg Synthoid. I was in Armour. I liked Armour, but the PCP changed. All Internet chatters sing the praises of Armour and exploit Synthhoid. Why?
Clomid (clomiphene) I just took the last pill, and when I pressed my right nipple pretty strongly, a very small amount of clear adhesive liquid came out
Please describe a good calcium source for children who have a milk allergy.
Can the dentist remove the teeth when the infection occurs?
The possibility of pregnancy was sex and bleeding. is it normal or is something wrong?
If I quit smoking half a bag at age 20, will my lungs always be healthy, and what long-term damage should I worry about?
Just how to diagnose endometriosis? because during Csection ass pain PMs, bad convulsions ultrasound lab pap and decent doctors are not interested in hormonal changes?
The pregnancy test was positive, but very weak I had a miscarriage 3 weeks ago, what does this mean thank you?
Two STD tests negative and the urinelyis doctor said he doesn’t know what it is, but it still burns slightly when it pees.
What are some tips to make it easier to use eye drops?
Why do some people use digital pregnancy tests, while some use non-digital?
What is the appropriate test to detect and eliminate system candida? for more details please.
What are the symptoms of meniscal root tears on the knee?
What are the vasopressors?
What can we do with a pain in the throat?
What can cause a clear yellow vaginal discharge? so bad to the vagina? all clear STD tests have never had this before.
What can cause accidental blackouts/convulsions?
What can cause a feeling like a ssri shock if you remove the ssri for 45 days?
What causes sharp pain in the upper left, radiating to the back with vomiting/burning/weakness?
What can I cure my scratches tomorrow without a product?
What causes vomiting in the throat?
What does it mean to have THYROID PEROXIDASE ANTIBODIES, <1 THYROGLOBULIN ANTIBODE, TSH 4.44 and T3, (LYOTHYRONINE) TOTAL 72?
What does it mean when the muscles jump on your arm, what is it serious?
What would you think if your grandmother had two strokes?
What is the best material to bleach your teeth?
What is Humour Therapy?
What is the company testing the gene for the smellful urine of the asparagus?
What is the anti-dose of taking too much cetrizyne hydrochloride? My friend has attempted suicide.
What are the definitions or descriptions of: ductal?
What are the prevalence of green eyes and are they rare?
What is the treatment of maxillary sinus cancer?
What is perforation of the uterus and how is it Treated?
What type of therapy is performed after a neck break?
What long-term health problems would you encounter if you regularly take pain medications?
What is a drug over-the-counter for the desire of chron?
What to do to lose weight in a very short time?
What is the best medication for the treatment of yeast infection that a doctor can prescribe?
What is the best treatment for burn?
What is the best way to treat third-degree bed pain?
What should I do if I'm a 17-year-old man 2 days ago I noticed a weak erection, but now I can't maintain it?
What do I need to do if I have 3000mg Tegretol; 200mg pills.
Every time I sit constantly for a long time, I get dizziness in the legs of the arms and stretching in the head or face. plz please
When your Iris enters your student, it’s the same as the student enters the Iris? what is it called? what’s why? what could happen?
Where do I go with a suspected wound infection (not a surgeon, but I don’t have surgery?
What is better a partial hysterectomy or ablation of the uterine?
Why my vagina burns so much when I have sex with my husband? it burns only when I lie on my back or on the style of a dog.
I was worried about lung cancer. I had pain and so on for more than a year. 8 months ago I had a CT of the chest and it was okay. 3 mris of the throat was better. some cervical stenosis.
2 years ago I had Lyme ab screen slightly raised, but the western blot was all unreactive.
6mm sick ground glass defined in the top left of the lungs what percentage that is not cancer I am receiving another CT scanner in dec.
4 5 days I felt pressure and pain in the front corner of the head. I felt trouble. I thought it was just a cold. Ibuprofen is common. I have vaginitis?
A 8-month-old baby is looking side by side or up, shaking and shaking his head after a few seconds.
Two weeks of pain in the leg is now in the knee / wrist Dix 465.2umol/L Why does Voltaren (Diclofenac) help, but why does it not go away?
4 days late. 2 bfn (urine test). Is it too early to get a bfp?
Have I been pregnant for two months?
5 days after the period Planning B Emergency Infection 5 days before the expected period passed 3 pregnancy tests all negative I am pregnant?
36 M Clean Heart Echo Stress and Reflux. No risk factors. Pain localized in the lower back and 9 m upper left chest. Heart?
36 weeks and the doctor said he felt that the head of the vagina babies is close to work?
21 yr Sexually active women have increased appetite to keep hunger and more intestinal exercise What can be wrong?
34-year-old man. has thin hair. has felt stress in the past year of life changes. does stress affect men? advice to slowly and thin
24yo f I sweat on my face and body and feel so hot as it lasts for a few hours while doing a simple job.
Can 15 million sperm become a father?
26 yo m with a history of progressive vein deficiency failed a year of conservative care. + family hx. Is it a good idea to delay surgery?
32 weeks of pregnancy. strange headache weakness of the legs. should I call a doctor
