After how many hours after drinking an antibiotic can I consume alcohol?
Am I overweight (192.9) for my age?
Aspirin allergy - is this worth getting a bracelet? →
At a doctor’s visit, I hit my head against a box on the wall containing dangerous materials (used syringes, used needles...).
Been on antibiotics 4 5wks top high tooth dentist cld not get needle 2 froze 2 extract in gum really hurt she said its the tissues hve 2 go bk?
Can Adderall (dextroamphetamine and racemic amphetamine) cause ear pressure and slight headaches at the end Of The Day?
Can coarctation of the Aorta cause poor growth in height? -
Can Doxycycline Treat an Ear Infection?
Can vinegar help drain the sinus? I have been eating balsamic vinegar dressing with my salads and I feel them drain is that normal??
Could Chiari malformation cause pituitary problems, or diabetes insipidus?
Can Homeopathy Help for Acne?
Could this med cause anxiousness in a 12 year old?
Can you tell me why my husband has been sweating and vomiting after injected 30 units of lantis insulin?
Does age increase the severity and severity of ED symptoms/problems?
Does dermonu Work for Acne Scars?
Extension from my last question. There is vaginal discharge too so ce I'm ovulating. Co could that cause the itching?
I have had 3 panic attacks with in the last couple of months that has left me a little anxious and was wondering if it is that?
Have neck/back problems for months and had muscle cramps in the calves. Stressed. Have (anxiety) BP is somewhat healthy. Yesterday felt tingly in both hands & shaky. in 20s.. Now it is off & on. Any ideas?
Hello, I have had an ultra sound of the testicles and the inguinal area. No trace of hernia or adenopthy. The result came back completely normal. My doctor looked at it and felt it twice. He said it is definitely not a hernie and it is just slightly bigg
How can someone’s happiness level affect someone’ s health?
How common is it to have physical anxious symptoms without feeling anxible?
How do adding and ADHD differ?
How do I know if I’m having depression and anxiety? →
How long does it take to herpes break out?
How many tylenol (acetaminophen 3's are equal to a percocet? -
How much time off do I take after an ACL reconstruction?
How should the drug methotrexate affect the body’s cells regarding treatment of arthritis?
How to deal with a childish acting?
How do I know what I have an allergic reaction to?
I am currently on minocin (minocycline) for treating my acne but I think I’m getting itchy hives?
If I had hepatitis A, does that mean I can’t drink alcohol for a certain number of weeks afterwards?
I get one or two acne erupting each month.How do I prevent them?Also the acne leaves scars on my Skin.
I got my period twice within 3 weeks, for the second time within 4 months, why?
I had arthroscopic surgery on my left knee almost a month ago but it seems to be filled up with synovial fluid, shoulder I go back to work or wait until I see the doctor?
I have tinea versicolor in the testicles and tip of penis. It gets jealous and dry. The doctor sent me a salicylic acid wash. Does it make sense?
I am 16 and my left testicle started to have somewhat severe pain in it, it hurts more than extremely when I walk and it hits the pants I can’t drive help?
I am taking anxiety and depression medication to avoid panic attacks mainly & avoid er. Can I take more than 0.5 if I feel panic and 0.5 mg does not work?
Is 4 mg intuniv & 2mgrisperdal too much for a 5 1/2 yr, im worried..His neurologist prescribed for pddnos & adhd?
Is Aloe Vera Juice Good for Hypertension?
Is fecal bacteria really unhealthy when compared to other bacteria when you are pregnant?
Is hypno-terapy dangerous?
Is it normal to have nausea or loss of appetite when on your periods?
My child has low alkaline phosphatoase level on his lab results.
My husband has chronic itching w/ no rashes/hives.He has seen an allergic, dermatologist, acupunctor, and therapist.
My six-year-old daughter has been on antibiotics for over 48hours and started running a fever over 101 and she says her head hurts. Should I take her back in? given antibiotics to sinus infection but has been getting stuff up when coughing.
Q. Hi, I am almost 12 weeks pregnant and my food had tiny particles of plastic (inadvertently) so I am worried; in case I accidentally swallowed some : (?
How can I get a more masculin voice?
Since I was a child my joints have always clicked but over the years it’s got very painful special when it rains or I’m cold?
Was treated for PID caused by BV only with one dose of azithromycin and injection of antibiotics.
What are the causes for perianal abscess? →
What does a doctor do in externsl chronic anal cracks and pls tell me the process of suggestion of chronic anal crack outside my anal there is one small?
What do you recommend to treat a cut back longitudinal ligament?
What is this medicine usus for? my mother is a diabetic patient, is this medication useful?
What is the cleanest/safer SSRI for general stress-induced anxiousness?
What is the definition or definition of: activity modification? →
What is a type 1 shell fish allergy?
What should I do if I have an allergy of sneezing while I wake up and tell me what type of disease or allergy it is?
What specific exercises would help borsitis of the suprapatellar? →
What to do if I have hypertension, depressed of lost love, completely broken. what to do?
What hormones are responsible for giving you a masculine features on your face?
Which treatment works best and fastest for aortic Regurgitation?
Why does my arm always fall asleep? like to the point where I can’t move it at all
Why do I have white pigmentation skin color around my anus and extreme itching and blisters around the anus?
Will taking birth control pills for treatment of dys Menorrhea affect my fertility later once married? -
35 year old woman no heart problems, sharp pain in chest/heart. only last a minute. hits anytime driving sitting takes my breath away, happening more?
A doctor prescribed voren supp 12.5mg for my 3-year- old boy for fever.
After I had intercourse with hubby I noticed slight fresh blood, burning sensation and urge to urinate.
After two weeks of oral surgery, my cheek is still swollen and i feel hard clumps on the lower part.
Always use birth control, always use condoms with spermicide, always draw out with condom, but my period is late.
Any reliable blood tests for ovarian cancer? →
Have I had chest pain a lot lately especially when I sit in certain positions?
Being having this tenderness and pain in my breast for almost weeks...Not pregnant too.
Borderline changes to Brain MRI in 1 yr being sent to a neuroradiologist does this mean something sinister? -
Both arms numb no chest pain just a lil dizzy and a little heart burn I have gastritis and back arthritis. - A.D.
Brain epidermoid, is it the same as a meningioma cancer the difference between the two 3cm brain stem / 8cm front lobe?
Bright red blood on TP after first wipe after BM; then other wipes not more blood.
C4-5 right uncovertebral osteophyte/disk bulge complex wide disc bulge right neural foraminal stenosis & abutment of ventral cervical cord.
Can a menstrual blood clot travel to the heart or lungs like other blood clots can do?
Can Celiac Disease mimic MS even after being treated with a strict gluten free diet?
Can fibroadenoma turn into breast cancer? →
Can kidney polystyrene be cured?
Can one get rid of type 2 diabetes by exercising and a good diet?
Can you please tell me why it’s unnecessary to promote healthy eating for children and young people? –
Can you tell me how an echocardiography is performed?
Can you tell me the names of healthcare institutions or pharmacies known for compounding acetylsalicylic acid 1% eye drops solution?
Could my sinus allergy make it difficult to breathe?
Could the symptoms of caffeine overdose remain for more than 2 months, even if we already stop the intake of cafeine?
Could walking on a soft mattridge contribute to bowleggedness?
Dear Dr, feeling in my eyes lights are too bright feel dizzy with very painful sides of neck front and tight jaw knot in back of necks sleep apnea 6 weeks?
Does anyone know what to do with a child around age 13 who suffers from severe anxiety?
Does anything during pregnancy causes esophageal atresia?
Does breastfeeding only on one side alter a woman’s risk of breast cancer in the non-suckled breast?
Does cut on lip become white bump?
Does flaxseed oil, about 3 grams a day as prescribed by my ophthalmologist interact with orto trip cyclen or other birth control pills?
Does ‘open’ reduction with intramedulary nailing of tibial axle fracture cause muscle weakness and slow bone healing due to soft tissue damage?
Does stress cause hematospermia?
Does the herb kalawalla (polypodium leukotamos) actually work for autoimmune disorders? →
Does Vitamin D come in shotform?
Ejection fraction of gb very low. diet stripped down to lean meats, fruits, vegs. reflux in the throat that is constant yet varies in intensity.
Female.Mom is 150cm and dad is 156cm. I was wondering if I can be at least 160-165cm tall?
Got high level of hb & doctor advised me to repeat the fbc test in April2014 again.Now I got 17.6% hemoglobin level wht food u recommend, names plz?
I got period after 4mo and it lasted 11 days, which never happens.I have been experiencing dull uncomfortable on/off pain by my uterus.
Have a itchy rash after 4 days of biaxin (clarithromycin) have taken this before and was fine.
Have had hard cysts on my scalp for quite a very long time now. They grew from 1 to about 8 to 9 now. Of which 3 have grown a little big. They are painless but is uncomfortable while brushing my hair. Although that is not my main concern. Have been treated
Havent had my period sn a year I was using herion and i had gotten myself help now i wonder when will i start my period?
I have been keeping it elevated all day. I hope it’s not a blood clot. I also took three Bayer aspirins.?
Having a blood test for neurologic reasons, can it detect pregnancy
Hello I am using neutrogens from 15 days..Acne is not leaving what to do?
Hello I have back spasms that flare up every now and then. I have done heat and ice rotate. tried naproxen looked at my diet and take vitamins?
Hey so I just had strep throat and should I wash all my sheets like are it contagious to my family if they use the same blanket I used when I was sick
Hi dr I am 33 years old mamarried have 3 kids my height is 173 cm my weight is 100 pounds.
How accurate are the diabetic test that tests your 3 month blood sugar?
How can a person know if he has chronic fatigue syndrome? →
How can a pregnant woman on bedrest avoid atrophy and blood clots? →
How can I get myself to have normal daily bowel movements when I am constipated and have not had a normal BMI in almost a month?
How can I get rid from this pain in my leg?
How can you cure chronic knee bursit?
How common is it for someone to get cubital tunnel syndrome? →
How does a doughnut break down in the digestive system if it essentially has no nutrients?
How do you know the days you ovulate if your period changes every month and how do I increase my chance of becoming pregnant?
How effective are punctual plugs for treating dry eyes after lasik? I am close to 1 year post op, and artificial tears are not helping.
How long would someone with cancer live? →
How many molds of my teeth would my ortodontist get before I receive braces? -
HSV 1+2 Serum test resut- 1.77 & HSV Type 1 + 2 PCR DNA result NegativeH. Can not understand the difference between two results.
Hymenal ring remnant...what is it and how can you fix it? →
Hysterosalpingography can you tell me about this? -
I am 24 years old and breastfeeding my 9 months daughter Can I make mammograms as last result 2 years ago was fibro cysts in the left breast Should I worry?
I am 35 weeks and 6 days pregnant and have been leaking a lot of clear liquid from my breast and also getting bad tightening pains in my belly?
I am 44 and my breasts and nipples are tender what could it?
I am noticing little red bumper on the skin near my lips?
I am on penicillin for about a month now, a week ago I started seeing the period but by afternoon it stopped.
I fast 16 hours eat 8. but for 8 hours I eat three meals.So should I keep my meals together so I don’t start fasting or can they be spread out?
If global temperatures rise, will malaria spread to others?
If I don’t have the egg white cervical musus am i still ovulating?
If I use 4 tylenol (acetaminophen) 3 and 0.50mg Xanax would it be just like dangerous to use lsd and mdma a few hours later as it would only be mixing lsd & mdma?
If the mass I have between my ribs is cancerous would that make anything on a CBC abnormal and at about what stage?
If you felt a mass in the breast for more than 4 years now should I be worried?
If your baby has already dropped, does it automatically mean you are close to having the baby?
I got electrocuted I was replacing a wire on my car and I accidentally touched it wth a screwdriver and got shocked I felt it go up my armswillibe ok?
I had 2 chest x rays done 2 different times with portable mechines I saw the image but didn’t see the ribs just lungs is that possible.
I had implant removed and now have Evelyn for the combined pill. Had a few months normal but now bleeding when wipe & shouldn’t be.
I had medial epicondylar release/ulnar nerve decompression 5/9/14.When I woke up from it I had a sore throat still have a sore sore throats?
I had my meniscus repaired last week I am not supposed to bear weight on this leg. I lost my balance and caught myself using this leg briefly, am I ok?
I had unprotected sex 2 weeks ago, I started getting a brown discharge but I haven’t started yet.
I have a black scar in my eye that I can see when I look at something that’s a light color.
I have a bruise circling an insect bite, is this common?
I have a bug bite and it’s getting worse.
I have a burning sensation on the top part of the breast after 2 days of having breast augmentation, is this normal?
I have a full thickness tear/rupture of the flexor hallucis tendon after bunion surgery 3 mos ago. It is retreated 2.5 cm. and I cannot bend the big toe downward. What are long-term possible problems without the ability of my big toe to push downward, to provide
I have a clump on the back of my head. Its above the hairline in the middle. Its hard and immovable. It does not hurt. Should I be coerced?
I have a painful pain inside my nose, it is red and rough. My nose is very dry too. What is it and How do I treat it?
I have a possible scaphoid wrist fraction.How can I tell without going to the hospital?
I have arthritis in my knees and lower back. Normally when I get out of the bed they are stiff.
I have a warm and irritated urethra and clitoris lately I have to urinate a lot. I think I have an UTI or a yeast infection. Can you cure your own UTI?
I have been eating 1200-1300 cal. (most days) and exercising 5x/week. I eat more on weekends but maintain my weight. but this week I gained 2.5 lbs!
I have been experiencing abdominal pain, diarrhea after meals, tiredness and occasionally bloody stool.
I have been taking my birth control Amethia for 3 months but Wednesday I took it two hours larger than I would normally.
One doc told me that I should quit squash for good and another doc said I can play again in 3 months.
I have membrane nephropathy and I see a nephrologist. Can the disease ever go away or I am most sure to eventually be on dialysis someday.
I have microalbumin urine 343.2 ug/ml,microalb/creat Ratio, random urine 402.3 mg/g creat, no DM, no HT,is this serious?
I have pain in the lower right jawline, and also feel swelling under it. I must also say to you about the preliminary diagnosis of Bechet disease?
I have these painful wounds on my stomach, and they hurt so badly.I think they may be boils or ingrown hairs.
I have TMJ em from India I want to ask is it curable?
I know there are alternatives to penicillin, but why don’t we use the others?
I am 33 smoker stomach inflammation gastritis I had an abortion 11 years ago, I can't get pregnant after 10 years why??confused
I am due for my birth control shot on the 24 but I have been having uterus pain on the right side of my uteruse I'm not sure what it can be?
I messed up my birth control and started a new pack.When I took the first week, I bleed for 3 days.Now I am confused when my period will come again.
I am really scared of needles.I am getting my blood drawn in a few months for the first time.Could they do something so it won't hurt?
I wonder what is the best birth control.
In my blood tests, I have high levels of triglycerides(234 mg/dl), got (ast )(37.4ui/l), gpt (alt)(59.3ui/L), gamma-gt (52.3ui /l).
Is it normal for your gums to swell when your on the period?
Is it normal to have a low sexual drive after having three c sections? -
Is it possible for a person to live with metastatic liver cancer?
Is it possible to have herpes and only have outbreaks in the anus and under the tongue but not on the mouth or vagina?
Is it safe to get hysterektomy done before angioplasty
Is it safe to take a probiotic while breastfeeding?
I started belching and it smelled and taste like rotten eggs with signs of diarrhea, vomiting what looks like red blood and coffee grounds.
I stepped on a rock that hurt the outside of my foot. 17 days later, swelling and bruising down. Discomfort yet. Will walking hurt healing?
Is the candida re-tested after treatment?
Is there a difference between inozitol pills and powder? →
Is there a specific hour for teens to sleep?
Is a too high dose of birth control dangers?
I stopped using Accutane/Isotropin in November.Is it safe to have a baby now?
Is uristat (phenazopyridin) a good treatment for a potential uty?
Is it true that we should not drink pills or a cold water?
I used an over the counter corn pad on my toe which had a sensitive callus, and now it has gotten much worse and swollen.
I have a bench with a barbell, dumbbells, pull up bar, and a running machine, what are some workouts I could do to gain muscle?
I have had a cold for 1 week. I just stopped antibiotics. Coughing up grey mucus sometimes. Dr is not concerned. Should I take 2nd lot of antibiotics?
I have never had hormonal acne until I started tilia fe b.C 4 months ago. it is supposed to treat acne. Should I give it time or switch b.cs?
I was diagnosed with chlamydia on 9/29/2015. Treated the same day. Tested on 11/16/2015, came again positive.
I was prescribed Tripsin+Chymotripsin for dental treatment for 3 days.
On the second day I started to have full bladder with difficulty urinating and clear discharge symptoms.
I was zip lining and at the end of the zip line was a block of about 50 pounds.I was going at about 30 mph and slammed my heel in it.
Just looked in the right side of the nose. very red and swollen. hurt to sniff or touch outside of the nose. Its big like a polyp. Have clear discharge. Whatisit?
Just saw marble size black lump in bm. thought possibly just food so poked at it w/latex gloves. Def not food, it is poo. red blood lately too. Already did ibd workup (neg). Temp 99.5 for a month.
L/4, l/5 laminect foot pain 1 year later, foot doc say normal, neurologist say s/1 cause, ortho surgeon say MRI good, neurosur say nerve itself Whoright?
Recently when I get scared or astonished, I feel the blood pumping down my legs and then my toes start to really hurt.
Legs are always cold even when I’m sweating badly and feet and toes get numb.
My 6mo old niece has a pink round spot on each thigh in the same place.My sister is worried it's ring worm.It doesn't bother the baby any.Thoughts?
My 7 yr postive again for strep and I am leaning towards pandas. I was prescribed clindamycin 75 mg/5ml. Is this the right antibiotics?
My bf fingrd me possibly sperm on his hands. his fingr was dry and all he did was wipe his penis wi/ a ppr twl.
My complete blood picture results note is rbcs show hypochromia and microcytosis should I see a doctor or not?
My father has cvid and parkinson's. Are there any tests which could show the likelihood of my potential children developing these same problems? -
My friend thinks she’s fat but she’ll really not and she sticks toolow calories and if she eats something bad she burns the caloric of by exercising?
My girlfriend has aids and we had unprotected sex because she said birth control protected me, right?
My girlfriend woke up with a bruise at the end of her chin this morning.She never had it when she went to bed and never stumbled it.
My moms warfarin INR level has been fluctuating at an alarming level lately for no apparent reason?
My pain medication is making me sleepy and grogggy, but I have to work.
My period was black and sticky but is not smelly although have been having irregular periods for two years now?
My recent blood test INR 1.12 APTT ratio 1.15 Beta-2 Microglobulin 1.50mg/L are they ok?
My son has a hemorrhoid and he is getting thin stool and mild diarrhea is that from the hemorrhoid?
My son’s adult front tooth is very pointed.
My toenails are a yellow tone and has turned into a bump on my nail, I was wondering what I could do.
Painful scar tissue left under atypical mole removal spot on calf, sharp, deep pain. dermatologist recommended plastic surgeon.
Panic attack after smoked weed.Is this normal?
Please explain what it means to be a “prominent nose”?
What is the survival rate of maligne meningoma?
Please provide advice on discontinuing hctz (hydrochlorothiazide) after developing petechiae in my arms.
Question on a discharge – slimey and midcycle?
Quick question about ketone test strips. If they’re kind of pinkish before I use them are they bad? →
Recently had bacterial vaginosis and a yeast infection. Still think I have bv– treated with metronidazole + fluconazole, discharge white.
Rectal bleeding after fissure op. Surgon found 1 large hemorrhoids and some small. Banding done for big one. Foul smell & bleeding persistent. What is it?
School paper: how does a disciplinary and/or criminal record affect the ability to get into professional school/medical schools?
Skin sticking out under the tongue.Is this normal?
Can two women have a child?
So, I have this itchy dark brown mole on my hip, it’s sort of red around the edges, I don’t have any idea what’s causing it.
Stubbed left pinkie toe a few hours ago. pretty painful. now its swollen and there is a clump on the right side of the toe and it hurts.
Suggest me ways for late discharges during sex male age 42 years old?
Assuming that cancer has spread from an origin, is this secondary cancer treated differently?
The cause of my first pregnancy miscarriage seemed to be a bleeding bag above my baby at 6 1/2 weeks.
Ways to get bilirubine down like blue lights, etc.
Crying blisters on top of feet, red toes... looks terrible.
What amount of niacin should I take to clean my system free of THC?
What are my chances of getting pregnant if my boyfriend pulled out? but then inserted his fingers and penis back into my vagina with sperm...
What are some non-medical stuff I can do to help my asthma?
What are the chances of surviving after a stomach cancer diagnosis? →
What are the five most common emergence surgeries in American teen girls?
What are those tiny white bumps on the tip of the tongue?
What blood sugar level is considered to be normal for people with type 2 diabetes
What can cause neck vessels to become engorged and distended episodically which improves greatly with daily replacement doses (20mg) of hydrocortisone.
What can I do about lower back pain and stiffness during and after bent over?
What can I do to increase my chances of getting pregnant? I also did medical miscarriage 5 months ago.
What causes hungry one hour after meals with pain in the upper abdomen and burning sensation?
What causes these blisters under your tongue? →
What can I do to make my breasts larger naturally?
What does a medical physicsist do during cancer treatment? →
What does having a f2 bone cyst on my backbone mean?
What exactly is the fastest method to burn off belly fat?
What happens at fetale heart ultrasound? →
What happens to a person at end who has pancreatic cancer?
What increases the blood coagulation?
What is the best position of a fetus at the seventh month?
What is cervical cancer a risk factor?
What is done about migraine caused by changes in temperature?
What is liver failures and how is it treated
What is the definition or Description of: diclofenac?
What is the difference between catatony and “emotional unavailability”?
What is a good way to address the back pain?
What should I do if I have counted 25 cancer sores in my mouth, which are extremely painful, can you help me figure out how to reduce the pain?
What should I do if I have an archwire that is not connected to one bracket of Damon braces?
What to do if I have a very flat ass. it almost doesn’t exist. what are some tips/exercises that could give me a nice ass?
What to do if there is blood in the stool?
What treatment would you recommend for demodex folliculorum infestation? It appeared at the base of the nose and spread down.
What would a spider bitt on the tongue look like? -
What would cause the white tip of the uvula? Sore throat in the morning, but goes away.
When after you concieve your nipples can start itching?
When can I give my baby the chicken and meat they are now 8 months old?
When should I use an ovulation testing? morning, afternoon or night?
Why does/would wearing a abdominal binder raise my blood pressure?Both diastolic and systolic increased by 10 points, pushing me into hypertensive range 135/10.
Why do I have chest wall pain, and difficulty breathing long after workouts?
Why not use a non-rebreather on a pt that is hyperventilating due to worry?
Why do my chest hurt when stretching and hustling plus sneezing?
Why is my period blood dark brown, ceased after 4 hrs.
Would 3 normal u/s and 5 low d-dimers over the course of 4 week rule out dvt?
Would there be symptoms if the vertebrae in the neck collapsed?
2yr old dry skin above lip and top lip irritated and or dry. Regular cetaphyl atopic stings. Is it okay to put vaseline? it is red, irritated. Other?
All of a sudden my ears stoppede producing ear wax.
Does anyone have any dietary suggestions for a 10-year-old with gastritis?
A recent CT scan with contrast revealed two cysts on the pancreas. What does this mean? Previous colon cancer and has esld.
Are there any serious after-effect of a heroin overdose? -
A while ago I developed a white clumpy discharge, itching, small bumps, and a weird smell.
Can allergies to toothpaste ingredients cause diarrhea and stomach pain?
Can a pedigree help you trace a condition that’s autosomal dominant or autosomally recessive?
Can a person be allergic to febrile plugins?
Can a urine test reveal you have kidney stones
Can Cognitive Behavioral Therapy Help Someone Quit Smoking?
Can contact dermatitism cause scarring?
Can I drink coffee to avoid a pain?
Can I have a glass of wine while taking methyylprednisolone for poison ivy? - Dr.
Can sleep apnea cause memory loss? and negative thinking? I got diagnosed with sleep apnoe but I’m not sure how long I’ve had it.
Can taking DEPO shot make you irritable? is it normal to have brown discharge while on it, but no period so far?
Can you do surgery 13 weeks after initial injury to repair ulna&radius broken mid axle showing poor bone healing& appears to be healing "bowed" (bad angle?
Can you tell me about one of the most common genetic disorders?
Cold worse after 10 days. Symptoms: flegm, shortness of breath, chest pain, eyelids sealed by mucus at night.
Could ovarian cyst enlarge during ovulation? →
Cut my finger about 10hrs ago.It looked deep quickly cleaned and dressed it, now you can barely tell I cut it.
Does Adderall (dextroamphetamine, and racemic amphetamine) make eyes itch?
Does anyone get cancer of the Blood?
Does chronic laxative use lead in bacterial imbalance in the gut??
Do people who suffer impaired cognition as the result of a brain tumor recover their faculties? -
Do you think there will ever be a cure for herpes? or are people already trying to find a cured?
Effects of drinker alcohol on body fat?
Eyes feeling dry last couple of days. One eye became mildly red with clear mucus.
Flu like symptoms for about 3 weeks. Now symptoms are gone. Have been having coughing fits now for 1 week chest is really hurting.
For people with arthritis, is it painful for pop knuckles, like hand knucks?
For the first time a lot of clear colorless odorless liquid splashed out of the vagina 2 days after sex with my partner of 2 years.
Had Yellow stool for almost 4 months with no other symptoms, it turned to dark green 3 days ago, no iron supplements Should I worry?
Have water fluid on feet and legs pretty bad, already on water pills... Have a hard time sleeping and fine it hard to walk... Should I go to the er?...
Hello docs, is atheectomy better than stent procedure?
I have bloody discharge and a little pain in my lower stomach and back.When I wipe after peeing I can see it and sometimes its mucus like.
He touched my vulva with his fingers and I’m not sure if he had ejaculation or not. That was on the 9th day of a regular 28 day period.
Hi. I have been having ear pain in my right ear, it started on Thursday maybe and it just keeps hurt.
How are baby and adults cartilage different? →
How can I deal with angst without medication?
How can I cure a third degree burn?
How can I Help a Depressed Friend?
How can I improve my posture? I have at least 4 inches of head tilt forward from rounded shoulders. Remembering just to stand straight, no.
How can I stop my hand getting chapped and dry?
How can you tell the difference between hemorrhoids and colon cancer?
Why do so many doctors not believe that adrenal fatigue is a real problem?
How do I calculate the number of days that my period lasts? It flows for as long as 6 days, but on the 7th day it drops just little like spotting.
How do I stop my cold pain from peeling?When a cold pain peels it is supposed to bleed?
How do you know the difference among diverticulitis and colitis
How do you know when you are undergoes respiratory depression?
How many hours does it take to get food poisoning with ice cream?
How many mg of potassium do I need daily from a regular diets to be healthy?
How much water should a 60lb 10 year old child consume daily? We were told at the least 64oz, but this seems too much for her to drink.
How to read l1-5 bulged disks significant pain?
How would doctors recommend I treat headaches or migraines?
Can I see in the dark as well as others can? do I need carrots or vitamin A?
I did not get my period for 2 months earlier this year. I consulted an OBGyne who is a friend of my brother. I also consulted her since I have been having brown discharge and I was alarmed. She said that I might have PCOS. She advised me to take Provera 10mg
I eat vegetable curry daily (different types) every meal.Is this counting towards my 5 a day and is this a healthy way of eating vegetables?
If 5th-year-old baby has mrsa (the skin disease that causes boils) the doctor gave her medication but what soap to wash her with?
If I have a 33 day cycle and I start chlomid on days 5-9 when should I have sex?
If I had sex the day before I ovulated when would I conceive?
I am fine, but I have diarrhea every day and can’t seem to find a right diet for me!
I had water in my ear so I used ear drops for swimmer’s ear.
I have a flu with dry cough and in the morning it is phlem. what cough syrup would be suitable? also hurts and probably a UTI so getting that checked.
I have a headache, dizziness and blurred vision and I just got into a fender bender, should I be worried, and what is this a signal of?
I have a headache, what should I do?
I take proventil (albuterol) but I still have trouble breathing – what can I do for this?
Would a CT of the head and an MRI with contrast of the brain detect blockages in arteries?
I have had a bad stomach cramp with a few diarrhea for the last few days.
I have just had loop excision of the cervex. What should I expect from the histology report.
I just binged on chocolate, but should I not eat for the rest of the day to keep my calorie intake controlling?
I am a teenager who is not sexually active, and recently I started to get pain when peeing just after ejaculating, it happens right when I start to pee then after that initial pain I can pee normally?
I’m experiencing frequent throat clearing since using ozone air generator...My Guru calls it a healing reaction...What are your thoughts?
I am on the Depo-Provera shot. Not sexually active. When I wake up and get up I have a rush of clear discharge. Is this normal?
I am over 30 and I have acne only on my jaw line what can I do for it, and could my husbands whiskers irritate and cause acne?
I am snowed in and on the 4th day of an extreme sore throat, cough and possible fever.
In a mental health program im on pass and I once again used opiates, my addiction to them is to strong and don’t know how to tell doc?
I need to know if there is more of one type of achondroplasia? -
Is a cbct or an x-ray good enough for a dentist to know if there is a necessity for a sinus lift in prep for dental implants (I’d go for a cbt anyway)?
Will hashimotos goitre always be there, or is this condition reversible?
Is it contraindicated to insert a urine catheter into a patient who has a myocardial infarct?
Is it normal for the area where your sticks get to be hard?
Is it possible to buy some ilosone (Erythromycin estolate) without a prescription?
I splashed raw chicken juice in my eye last night with the contacts in.
Is Salmonella a type of infectial disease?
Is there a formal diagnosis for over-sensitivity to clothing?
Is there a link among dry eyes and dry lips?
Is there a medicine to control my anger?
Is there any interaction between drinking soy milk and taking accutane?
Is there something wrong if your cum and discharge comes out brown? -
Is using an electronic programable stationary bike set for a moderate pace just as beneficial to the heart as taking a moderately pace walk?
I take Yaz (drospirenone and ethinyl estradiol) bc and I missed the last 10 days I had unprotected sex could I be pregnant and could I miss my period the following month from missing pill
I took 4mg of Suboxone on Tuesday because I ran out of my methadone and was in complete withdrawal...I have a urine test on Monday 5 days later?
I used a condom for sex. I checked for rips and it was fine, no rips. If it doesnt rip is it pretty much a sure bet effectiveness against stds?
I have never been pregnant so it’s hard for me to distinguish signs and symptoms so could clear/white discharge be a early sign...not itching or burning?
I was at an ENT for another issue and he said my adenoids are pretty swelled.I am 20 years old.Is this normal?I never went back to follow up.
Mild uncovertebral joint hypertrophy c5c6 eccentric to right; mild t-spine skoliosis, bilat pars defect l4, foram stenosis at l4l5 - is surgery needed?
My 2 year old daughter is regressing in speech.She had a seizure in December.She has behavioral problems (do not listen, acts out, mean, and ignores) why?
My 7 year old suffers from severe seasonal allergies and has been prescrited daily doses of antihistamine, can you suggest any natural remedies?
My boyfriends penis turned black and blue under the head of it last night following sex.There is swelling but no pain.It looks like blood blisters?
My child is a painful loser.
My grandfather has lung cancer and has it in his heart. he hasn’t been making a lot of sense and has been falling out.The hospice nurse took him off diuretic medications.About how long does he have?I live in a different state and would like to be there?
My mom is about 75 years old. her BP and sugar r under control. Sometimes her urination frequency increases despite regular sugar.
On mini pill. 35 day cycle of last menstrual period. 4 day menstruation. 3 days after bleeding ended feel like I am ovulating, pain in the lower right.
Please advise if it is normal or okay if I am cramping during my fertile days?
Please recommend the best beer to prevent hangover? →
Please tell me what is adenoma and what causes these?
Posterior glass-like detachments eye-p.v.d. what is this?
Radiologist read my pelvic CT scan incorrectly I went into ER for very bad pelvic pain and back pain. They ordered a no contrast CT scanning of pelvis. The first CT scans report read right ovaries is larger than left (I don't have a left) with somewhat heterogeneous
Should I use a cream of benzeyl peroxide or a soap? -
Sir, my mom and I are unsure if I have herpes or a cold sick any suggestions??
Sometimes I dream when I am sleeping, but I am awake, and know I am but dreaming too.Kinda likes hallucinating.
Still have a dry non-productive cough nose filled but no fever and occasional headaches what should i do?
Stroke at 90. In this stage, would a speech therapy aid her?
Well groups of people should not take Aromasin (exemestane)? →
What are the best remedies you know to treat a cold pain quickly without scarring?
What are the chances I will eventually get symptoms caused by my wpw? Least ventricular connection. Asymptomatic, diagnosed during a medical. Age20 man
What are the treatment possibilities for frequent urination? →
What can cause me to be dizzy/lightheaded?
What can I eat before my colonoscopy? They told me clear liquids, but what does that mean.
What can someone Do for Heart Disease?
What causes a 17-year-old girl to experience pain and also a feeling of bubbles poping above the umbilical area?
What effects can I expect from velcate (bortezomib) chemotherapy?
What if delayed ejaculation was due to psychological reason?
What is a functional heart murmur and which precautions need to be taken with one? →
What is the definition or definition of: hyphema? →
What is the life expectancy for a person with mixed connective tissue disease?
What is the prognosis, and best treatment of DVT with PE?
What is this rare illness called porphyria?
What kind of diseases or isorders could cause both symptoms of hypothyroidism, and juvenile idiopathic arthritis?
What could cause a slightly dilated common bile duct if all the other organs look good?
What treatment do you suggest to treat endometrium and ovarian cysts?
When after a flight can a deep vein thrombosis occur.
When do you need to seek medical help with MRSA it's red swollen and hurt has been kinda sleepy lately and nausea I'm a diabetic sugar was high?
When I eat food my throat tightens badly, apparently from being twisted by a motility disorder.
When is it needed to drink salt water?
Does cooking in coconut oil add or affect the levels of cholesterol and triglycerides?
Which body parts can you donate after you die?
Why is it every time I eat my upper stomach above my belly button always bloated and full??
Why should I participate in a MS clinical trial? →
Would 176 RA IgM factor be considered a low positive for rheumatoidal factor.
3wks postop GB removal.very nauseous, painful, and headache.getting an ultrasound tomorrow to check for fluids.cannot this be the cause?
A friend and I were cheating around one night and we are both pretty sure the only thing we did was oral sex... Is there any way I could be pregnant?
Are fabric softener allergies immediate or can them appear a few months after using the softening?
Are there blood tests or ultrasounds to see if you have globus pharyngeus? Have what feels like a clump in the throat directly under the chin to the right.
Sometimes it stinks/strikes me inside my head? is it cause of sleep or cold or something else?
Can a man with impotence or erectile dysfunctions ejaculate during sleep and have nightly emissions?
Can anyone cure from solar maculopathia?
Can gabapentin work for headaches caused by trimethoprim.I have started taking 100mg gabapentina daily for 4 days and trimethaprim 200mg twice a day.
Can having a milk allergy make circles form under the eyes?
Can weightlifting lower your immune system? Started yesterday for 1st time in 7 months and the next day got a cold pain on the lip
Can you give me suggestions for good abdominal workout? -
Can you use emla (lidocaine) cream during the tattoo process?
Could you get bird flu by a bird flying into your house
Daily use for about 6-7 months. best way to gain back weight, muscle and fat.
Swelling and light headed, what may cause this?
Doctor, what is the average sperm volume of men in ml?My man's is 2ml.Is it too low volume?What is the mean?
Do diuretics take away your appetite, and make you feel unstable when you walk or stand up?
Do doctors have to do a biopsy to see whether I have vaginal eczema or just a pelvic examination?
Does muscle tension from antipsychotics go away after they are stopped? Do all other side-effects go away or is the brain rewritten retaining effects
Effect of healthy food and junk foods, and what are those nutritional foods?
How much is too much for a woman?
Feeling nauseous a week before my period and at bc normal?
For the last few months, around the same time every month I get moody, irritable, swollen, fatigue cramps.
Freezing eggets at 24-25 years? →
Has anyone studied the positiveness or negativeness of spanking?
I want to know what are the side effects of taking tesboosters at age 16?
Hey my ferritin level is 14.8 ng/ml... do I need iron supplements?I look pale and my MCV level is 84.4?.
Is it true that people are born with both male as well as female parts?
Hi doctors I am taking citalopram tablets 20 mg and having cold leg of all time any other medicines similar to citalobacillus is worry me?
Hi im 18 and I would like to find out what I would use or take to get higher?
Hi.I went to cardiologist, did an ECG that shows st-t changes, did echocardiography and my heart its good but see some interruption.
How can I deal with truly bad morning sickness? →
How can I get the eye to get better? →
How can I get rid of a rushing nose, itchy eyes, nasal congestion and frequent snoring?
How can I make my reversed nipples point out? →
How can I stop the pain from shaving my facial?
How do I get over my Family Problems before leaving for college?
How high must a cooking temperature be to kill Creutzfeldt-Jakob disease?
How likely is a dermoid cyst to be cancerous? just had one removed
How long does acute bronkitis last in children?
How much sleep does a 13 year old girl get a night?Shes very active&is trying to get a flater stomach.She weighs 84lbs&is 4' 11"
How to treat the recurrence of pulmonary edema? →
I am having a dull pain at my esophagus. Been burping a great deal too. Feel slightly better if I take omeporazale.
I am struggling to gain one pound; do I have some sort of genetic disorder?
I can only go between 1-4 hours without using the bathroom.
If I have an astigmatism, could that be causing daily headaches?I don’t wear glasses but I work on a PC all day and a lot of bright lighting.
If I suffer the side effects of the morning after the pill should I assume they worked?
If you have had giardia and had it treated, but your liver enzimes rose what could that be an indication of?
I had mucus in my stools and on my own for 3 weeks and then I suddenly got sickness and diaherrea with fever and now back to mucus when wiping it link?
I have a positive ANA 1:160 Homo pattern & RNP of. 3. joint pain, limb numbness, skin indents stay for hours, bruising. no diagnosis. more testing?
I have a twitching feeling and occasional pain that comes and goes in the upper right abdomen right below my right chest what could this be?
I have been having problems every time I eat I go poop and it is yellow and runny and my belly feels weird in the middle it has I have diabetes
I have been getting headaches for about 2 weeks, feeling really tired and fainted once that never happened before and loss of appetite.
I have endless burns throughout the day and it is making me feel weak daily, While at the same time ruining my appetite.
I have flu. I have no history of heart deaths. My heart rate is a bit higher than normal. Is it normal during flu, or is this a concern?
I hit my forehead against the edge of the microwave. Should I get it checked out?
I hurt my foot somehow but I don’t know what’s wrong with it.
I am bleeding from the penis for no reason.
I am having genital herpes outbreak, usually I take acyclovior. but Pharm told me it could affect my ulcer.
I am having recurrent eye pain and redness, what could be the causes?
I am having sulfur burps all day 3-4 times a week no gallbladder.
I am so sick of getting so many pimps! what can I do?
I use dr dnp what are the Side Effects?
I recently had sex with my husband on my period and he ejaculated inside of me and now I have been having painful cramps in my lower back and stomach.
Is it necessary to get the H1N1 or H5N1 flu shot?
I started my period on Sunday a little but on Monday stopped I have a dot. Today is my 7day im feeling like I’m still having my period but only dots.
Is there any side effects or bad effect on the body drinking whey protein? →
I think I have what they call bipolar, and I can’t afford therapy.
I have had a recurring yeast infection for years.How can I prevent them from coming back?
I have had eczema on my face since October for the 1st time. Could it be from the makeup brush cleaner made of alcohol that i am using or my foundation?
I was told I have served hypothyroidism now my handskeep feeling like they are sleeping my feet hurt really badly and have dry skin on feet is it thyroid?
I woke up with my eyes shut. - What should I do?
Just found out the mother-in-law may have tuberculosis after an x-ray.She held our 9 week old baby last week.
My 16 months son has ethyl malonic aciduria, what kind of fats that harm his health (saturated or monoun saturate fat)?
My almost 3 month old has been crying during his feeding.
My fasting sugar was 136 or 7.5.This is high.So, is this the reason I get vomiting every morning?
My left testicle is lower and horizontal position while the right testicle was higher and vertical position.
My legs become numb to the point where I can’t walk.It happens sometimes when I move quickly or carry something very heavy.
I am thinking of using peppermint oil capsules to calm down my ibs, is this a bad idea?
A week ago tonight I threw up several times, no diarrhea or stomach cramps, slept for the rest of the next day, still no energy!!!
For a few days my eyelids are twitching.What may be the cause?
People who have had a liver transplant due to cirrhosis (latest stage), will they always develop a livership?
Please help, 27 w/ ED for the past year 1/2 started with problems once in a time to now can not stay erect while masturbating.
Please suggest best antibiotics for higher wcb and crp. it is due to gallbladder surgery and removed from my daughter?
Please tell me what can they be done about acne holes on the face?
Purple fluid filled sack on scalp grew over several months, popped when spressed.Sembled skin tag.Preoccupied with cancer.Nothing for doc to check?
Rcently prescribed Lumigan 0.1% IOP concern about burning in the eyes called the Doc and Doc does not take calls.
Regarding my last question. Every time I take oxycodone, I become very sensitive to sound. A person speaking is too loud. Even no migraine.
Severe gastroparesis throw up daily. Mostly liquid diet. How do I make sure I'm getting theb right nutrients to be as healthy as possible?
Strange or scary Ambie (zolpidem) side effects.
Ultrasound says liver measures 17.7 cm in length, is that normal size?
Walked somewhere yesterday in skinny jeans. Left testicle started hindering. hurt when I touch it. never happened before.
Was treated for chlamydia with doxycyline at 2 months after possible exposition, could I have asymptomatic PID and not know it from infection?
Was writing and my fingers got all weird like charlie horse and tendons tight.
Watery eyes have been usimg restasis for a month I have tried refresh which caused discomfort what eye drops do you recommend to stop the eyes from watering?
What are the side effects of Cyclizine 50mg? →
What are some good lumbal strain exercises? →
What are the elements of a proper exercise routine in pregnancy?
What are the side effects of Zoloft (Sertraline)?
What are the signs that you have a frostbite?
What can I do about adrenal glands tumor and what are the symptoms?
What can I do to naturally abort a baby?I live in the Philippines and abortion is illegal here.
What can I give my 13 year old throat pain?
What does the ECG say t wave flat mean?
What does it mean if I have only part tear of my PCL?
What does it mean if some people who are suffering from Gilbert’s syndrome develop anemia?
What does lymph node with echo -gen center mean?
What do we do if my bf has been w someone w hpv? we haven't had sex yet.
What do you suggest if I am 27 I have the problem of sperm ejaculation as soon as I insere my penis.
What do you suggest if my husband has been prescribed metoprole to reduce his hearing rate, which was running over 100 bpm?
What inanimate objects calm you when you see them?
What is a Multi-Cystic Pancreas?
What is an anti-nucleary antibody test for in immunology? →
What is Micturition? →
What is ovulation and When will females ovulate?
What is the bone spur surgery recovery time?
What is the difference between a gastric sleev and the Roux-en-Y surgery? →
What is the recovery for endoscopical sinus surgery and septoplasty like? -
What tips do you have for designingen an effective workout/nutrition plan?
What to do if I am worried about my 2 year old son getting a holter monitor test.
What to do if I can’t stop eating fat foods.
What should I do if I have problems with my fistulectomy? →
What type of daily vitamin or mineral should an normally healthy 23 year old male be taking
What would cause T3 (liothyronine) levels to be abnormal, but tsh/t4 are normal?
When does a doctor use a big needle to stitch with? -
When I close my eyes and so tired (trying to sleep) suddenly random thoughts come to my mind like a very fast dream, should I worry?
When I have my shoes on or off I feel like sand is under the bottom of my feet along with s tingle sensation?
When I was thinking about something that made me feel depressed and strained out, I felt my heart flatter, what does this mean?
Which is better for children to boost their immunity after illity 7seas tablets or minadex multivitamin syrup
Why do I cough when eating salt or salty foods? →
Why do women with preeclampsia experience nausea and abdominal pain? →
Why is it that some nutrients circumvent the liver entirely?
Why is it whenever I eat meat I get a upset stomach and a lot of bad gas?Is this an intolerance?Is our bodies really not meant to digest meat?
Why do people with runny nose tends to have cracked lips? →
Will having lipomas in the lower back affect an epidural or spinal block given prior to having a cseection?
Would you say it is scientifically able to get the flu from the flu shot? -
21 f on birth control, period started late, period lighter than normal, pain in the abdomen that is not normal, been tired a lot more lately.
26yo F. HIDA scan showed 23% function of gallbladd, no stones.
After having sex once I don’t feel like doing it with her again why is it so?
Anal cracks have been bleeding a lot for a week now. Started steroid cream treatment a day ago. how long will it continue to bleed a lot?
Any effective home treatment for the allergies that I can do.
Are there good OTC remèdes for labyrinthitis?
We are both carrier and our first baby has hb e beta thall.We are interested in our 2nd baby.Is there any genetic treatment?Please advice...
Can AST and ALT levels rise due to a root canal procedure?
Can I take B12 shots if i have high blood pressure?
Can I take my antibiotic an hour earlier its penicillin 500mg 1 tablet every 12 hour?
Can people be born without color blindness then get when they get older.I know that people with good vision can go bad, is it the same thing?...
Can u test positive for hsv1 and 2? what does the blood test prove if u never had a symptom
Could a varicoselectomy or an injection cause epididymitis?
Could brushing your teens too hard cause fatal oral diseases
Could you write me a doctor’s certificate so I can resit my music exam?Jammed my finger, blood blister formed and got so swollen that nail lifted off
Dad’s HbA1C was 6.2 at 21/1/2015, he made diabetic diet: Hb A1C is 6.0 at 4/4/2015, can he now check HbА1C again?
Does boiling a Hot Dog Reduce Its Sodium?
Does calcification in thyreoid nodules mean that you have cancer? -
Does taking 5 htp help reduce the hormone adrenaline in the adrenal glands?
Do GMOs have any effects on type 1 diabetes?
Do people with testicular cancers feel the pain come and go?
Food to treat low alkaline phosphatase?
I had a cyst on my bottom. MRSA. Doc gave me doxycycline for 10 days. Cyst drainated & does not hurt. finished meds. Is it out of my system? Do I go back?
Have spells where I feel like my foot is going an inch lower than the floor, swiftly dizzy but not horrible.
Hi, 3.71 x 4.35cm mixed echogenic massa in the background part of the uterus implies what pls?
Hi there are you able to help.me please Dr. Eric Kelts? I think I have a trapped nerve and its traveling from the bottom of my back down to my legs, which I think may be siataca I am not quite sure but I am in agony.
How are batteries chosen for placement in pacemakers?
I am a 17 year old girl, weight: 170 lbs and height: about 5 feet
How do I 'force' to grow a beard in a certain area? I want to make a 'goatee' style but all I do have is chin hairs and small beard.
How do I talk to the doctor about incontinence? →
How do you contact worms from pets? I saw a few white things in my b.m. but not every time.
How do you safely remove a swimper with a possible head injury from the water
How harmful is a yeasts infection if not treated? →
How long after an aneurysm surgery do you have To Stay Out of Work?
How long does the implant bleeding last? is it as heavy as normal periods?
How often should I get my custom orthotics evaluated and replaced & have Flat foot/ 1fallen arch.
I am 20 years old having 62 kg weight and my heights are 5"6'
How to Improve Sexual Energy?
How to lose bellyfat? please provide specifics, i.e. type of exercise, duration of exercise etc.
I am always facing problems with my weight gain. what should I do?
I am a pediatric Hodgkin's lymphoma survivor. I have developed horizontal double vision. I am an ophthalmology appt. How worried should I be?
I am currently thinking of getting a tattoo I am on the following medication. Effient 1 a day temsig 50mg 1/2 day ramipril 2.5 1 a Day aspirin 1/day is it advisable to get a tattoo as I have 2 stents and have had a heart attack in the last 18 months?
I do unprotected sex with a prostitute after 28 days I go to HIV duo test the result is non-reactive 0.07 is it conclusive?
If a mother has celiachia should the daughter be tested.
I feel like my food doesn’t digest and I feel as if I have to constantly throw up?
I had intercourse today and I have been bleeding kind of heavily since then and I am not on my period.
I have a peach-sized bump on top of my wrist. It’s kind of hard but also soft when I touch it. It moves with my tendon.
I have a tiny clump on the upper left side of my back. I have had it for about 2 months.
I have dulling on my nipple, currently having an irreversible tubal had my last child almost 6 years ago, with a couple of painless bumps along the breast up?
I have a headache please?
I have mild pressure/density on the forehead and face all the time, for 8 years.I feel better only when I bow my head looking on the floor.
I have very high prolactin due to a puritary tumor and I am on antidepressants too.
I hit my head on the car door and have a small bump. 24 hour later I have a bad headache.
I hurt my knee and heard a pop and now it hurts to go up and downstairs and hurts when walking on it or to move it certain ways should I see my docto? - I have a good idea.
I just started my period 2day & just started getin a real bad headache, sore throat, body pains & chills.
I am 19, doctor checked cervix, developed abnormal cells, maybe HPV warts, getting further tests, been with boyfriend 2 years can I still have unprotected sex?
My cholesterol is 354 and I am class 3 obesity and am now working with a dietician and my doctor.
I am 27, female. I use hair removal lotion for pubic hair. What can I use to prevent or treat the itching pimple of when hair grows back?
I am 48 years old and I don’t have frequent erections but I do take blood pressure meds plus cialis is there any aid for me or is it all in my head?
I am 5-9 160 pounds how do I gain weight fast and healthy in 2 months I want to gain 20 pounds or more?
I am a young MTF and I want to start hormone replacement therapy. Is aldaectone (spironolactone) 100mg/day a good choice?
I am having bad headaches with cold sweats neck pain, nausea and pain behind the eyes
I am having way too many heart palpitations (heart thumps really hard every 2 minutes) I am only 22 years old.
I don’t know if I am pregnant. took 2 test one + with very faint blue line other -.. Fatigue, severe headaches. nausea.. dizziness. but painful help?
I normally wash my hair 1 * week because it is very dry I take isotretinoin. will have to wash it in 9 days instead of 7 make it fall out more?!
Is a four-week negative HIV antibody test / negative PCr test reliable?
Is atheroscleosis hereditary?
Is my blood pressure normal 110/74 I am feeling edgy and wired right now at 2 am.
I shared food with people I don’t know too well, eating from the same plate.
Is it better to take aspirin in the evening or in the morning to prevent heart attack?
Is it normal for the stomach increase in size after receiving cpr?
Is it normal to get a cystocele on first pregnancy at 27w? not overweight. stand and sit for long periods of time.
Is it safe to soak my earrings in rubbing alcohol (ethylofenac 70%) every day before putting them in & putting in right afterwards?
Is mental illness like Bipolar hereditary? →
Is fast/hard heartbeat normal followed by adrenaline rush even if in bed it seems random its happening more often now it has been happening for years
Is there a cure for yeast infections because the blood is so thin I have risk for internal bleeding.
Is there an effective way to determine whether you have caught a venereal disease?
Is this still in healing process or it could be a scar. What should I do? Do I need a check-up appointment or I have to wait mo I had treated age spots 2 1/2 weeks ago with liquid nitrogen. The scabbing fell off in 5 days?
I think I have a bunion that is very painful and it is too late for me to go to a store.
I discouraged because IV was in college for a yr and have completed only half of what most students have done.
I like running outside but too cold and too much snow.
I have been getting swollen red hands mostly in the morning.I noticed I sleep hard on my hands is this something to be worried about.
I was taking 20mg Prozac (fluoxetine) and increased to 30mg daily this month. Should I take all in the morning or or divide at breakfast and lunch. Eventually I plan to move to 40mg daily. When should I increase?
I wear glasses, sometimes I don’t wear them, either way my vision at night time is wrosse off then day time, does that mean anything?
What number do you have to be? can I take over-the-counter medicine?
Can I use a tampon one week after a medical abort?
My wife and I are trying for a baby from the past few months but getting negative?
Could it happen that a severe infection plus bad nutrition cause hair loss?
My 5 year old daughter had a urine test last week and they found a trace of blood, calcium was 2.4 and creatinine was 3.3, should I be concerned?
My 7 month old son fell off the back if a couch and hit his head on the concrete floor How should I treat the swelling?
Does my back hurt on my right side.
My bm are not solid but not quite loose.Looks more like for lack of better word "shredded" the why is that?
My eyebrows and hair fall out a lot and my eyebrow doesn’t grow back atall or grow really fast.
My vision is bad in one eye its -0.5 and in another -0.75 how to improve my eye to normal vision without specs?
My heart rate is normal during the day, but gets faster when I sleep.
My moms uncle and his daughter both had leukemia at 65 and 54 year old. he had amlodipine and she had apple.
Occasionally a blood vessel in my lower leg breaks and it stings, a clump forms that is very painful to the touch & appearance of a bruise.
On the top right side of my head, I have this random pulsing feeling? like someone is tapping their finger on this one small spot.
Painful rash on right ass spreading. Causing lymph pain on the groin and overall pain on right side and leg.
Penis extender or jelqing, which is better for enlargement?
Planning a healthy pregnancy with diabetes!
Please tell me what it is called when your back locks up.
Severe migraine for a week and pain deep in the ears too.
Should I ask to be put on a statin at my check-up tomorrow?My cholesterol was very high and I’m sure it still is.
Should I get a flu vaccine or are any side effects?
Should I remove a gun if it is still inside?
Tinnitus 35 years old. Quiet till breakdown May.Squealing. Up and down.ENT doctor thinks stress is cause.Good sign noises vary so.Treatstress and it will recede.
Was recently diagnosed with crohn's, thinking about switching to a vegan lifestyle.
Do mecca root pikls make ur buttocks grow bigger and if so why did I loose inches of my hips n butt when I started taking the pills?
What are considered the safest prescription tablets for high blood pressure/hypertension? →
What are some of the risks factors for getting high blood pressure?
What physical factors affect heart rate
What can you do if you can’t get the contact lens in at all
What causes a high red blood cell count it is at 19 and ESR is high, TSH 1.25 never been so low anti thyreosis at 9 was 900 pre?
What causes underdeveloped breasts in a woman with pcos? Current biochemical abnormal are high LH vit d deficits, sometimes low estro and prog.
What could increased levels Of Estrogen Do To Me?
What do I need to do after trying to conceive for 8 months now and there is no good result for second child?
What do you suggest if my son has cerebral palsy, the school has no room for him or lvn for his meds?
What do you suggest if my son was just diagnosed with a heart murmurship. he just turned 3 and I thought murmures were diagnosed at birth?
What foods should you avoid if you have genital herpes
What happens if HPV goes away on their own, can it still spread?
What is alpha 1 antitrypsin deficit and what are its effects on the body?
What is overdose magnesium to take orally? I took 200 mg Is this too much?
What is the medication for high blood pressure? →
What kind of bacteria or viruses can a semen culture detect or look for? -
What is a Heart Murmur?
What should I do for early grey hair?
What to do if I’m having prk done, so while I’re on my recovery stage, should I have my place temperature to a certain degree?
What would happen if someone mixed femara with human growth hormones?
When I get heart burn my eyes start burning as well and it is very uncomfortable.
Which Listerine is Best for Cavities?
Why does my left hip almost every night? I get up scraming with it, it goes from my hip bone around in front of my leg and ends at my knee.
Why does my tongu so hurt?
Will I still get a baby after a heart attack?
Would a broken scapula take longer to heal than a compounds tib fib fracture?
After a 3 days of flu (flu) w/ fever took ibuprofen and acetaminophen it has left me with a back burning sensation.
Ana 160:1 with u1rnp 5 u/ml. Other lupus screens negative. Pulmonary hypertension, Renale failure reverses with bicarbonate (sodium bicarbonat). Can it be mtcd/sjogren?
Anorexic frailness with irregular heartbeat.
Any best multivitamin brand that is good for seborrheic dermatitis and candida surgrowth??
Any recommendations for a ointment for hand foot and mouth rash on a 2 year old? she is energetic but a little uncomfortable with rash at arms/bottom
Any suggestion I got injection benzapenecilin 2400000 and now feel more worthy than before, I got cold?
Are Sympathic Nerve Blocks effective in calming the sympathetic system that causes angina and migraines?
At night when I use my phone or PC, it becomes somewhat blurry.
Blood pressure is 140/88 and is high.
Bright red spotting & period due in 6days. had lght spottng 4 past yr mid-cycle. last month period lasted 12 days. 44 years old. worried. hormones?
Can dementia cause ANs dysfunction? if so how?
Can I tell me how I can keep up my materialism when my not eating?
Can laser eye surgery causes pain during the procedure?
Can Micro Dermabrasion Hurt?
Can someone advise me I have been having pain in my knee for 5 months now?
Can someone die from an increased heart on xray?
Can you advise me to translate my MRI results?
Can you call me at 0908-0105-0106?
Can you get abdominal adhesions from a laparoscopic bilateral hernia repair?
Can you guys tell me how advanced lung/bronchial cancer has to be?
Can Diabetic Macular Edema Be Cure with Acupuncture?
Does anyone know what can cause severe foot pain in both legs especially at night? -
Does a woman’s virgin itch if she has sex with a man who has a prostate problem?
Does chiropractic medication help people with back problems? →
Does excessive masturbation over an extended period of time cause back pain?
Does ovarian cancer cause numbness in the legs and swelling of the foot?
Does the father or mother carry the height gene for a child?
Does using a foam roller build muscles or relax muscles?
Is weight loss natural during breastfeeding?
My father has psoriasis and psoriatic arthritis, I also have joint pain, does that mean an autoimmune disease will pass on to my son as well?
Feeling a little shaky, nausea. Not diabetic, but have a glucosemeter. Meter reads 75mg 3 hours after eating a couple of almond cookies. Is this normal?
For what reasons could any surgeon choose a stomach stacking over a lap-band surgery?
Had liver failure, drs cannot pinpoint source; developed ascites How can I improve my liver and kidney function naturally?
Have a bump on the right side lip of my vagina stings and itches so bad when I sit down it stinks more I didn’t have sex in year what can it b?
Hello I noticed I have a small black dot on my gum the mark takes up the surface area of a very tip of my gum tissue.
How can a DHT blocker affect a female user on birth control?
How can I address an gambling addiction? →
How can I control my PP sugar level...Fasting is controlled.What extra edge do I need to do to control it.
I had a kidney removed in 2010 and my levels have gone up.
How can I slow down hair loss in the middle front of the hair?
How can you check cholesterol levels? →
How is a medical examination used by the insurance company?
How long does it take for sleeping medications to get out of your system?
How low can hemoglobin be before you need a transfusion? →
How long or how far do I have to ride a bike to lose weight?
How prevalent is low Testosterone for men aged 30-50?
How to cure hernias discale? what kind of exercises should I do?
How to live if you hate your own life and your too afraid to die.
How to Lose Tummy Fats?
I am 5/1 and 185 pounds I have hip problims so I do not exercise what is my wait loss options I am 45 years old?
I am a male 21 yeas of age there is a small painless clump about 1 cm in my groin area this is at the point where my inner thigh connecta with my groine?
I am convinced that at this moment Maxalt (rizatriptan) does not work. My head feels so much worse. It hurts to move it, just to walk. Does Maxalt(rizatripta) not work when PMS?
I believe I have the flu and I have been vomiting, green and yellow.
If I only have 10 minutes for work out, what can I do?
If someone was treated in the past for chlamydia, is there any way for the doctor to find out with having to retrieve medical history?
If your number two is tough and dark what does that mean.
I get very lightheaded quite often.Could it be because I am anemic? - I am very anemical.
I had a low placenta and bleed twice as big around 1 am.
I had back surgery 3 years ago and left with numbness in the right leg and hip area. Could this treatment help me?
I had two emblic strokes from endocarditis in 2012 and had unbearable headaches for 3 years 24 hours a day what test would you recommend I have?
I have a hard little clump, under my skin anterior to my tragus, also have had extremely bad headaches – so bad they wake me in the middle of the night.
I have a lesion on my lower lip since last week and has not healed!I moisturize it to prevent cracking but now I have smaller bumps on upper lip.
I have a iron deficiency and I am not diagnosed but I am pretty sure I am anemic.
I have a purple vein on the left side of my penis.It reaches the forehead before disappearing.It just appeared yesterday.
I have been seeing my periods every 2 weeks for many months, I used to be very regular, and I am a lot heavier please can u help?
I have big breasts and my nipples are not out. my nipple comes out when I’m cold or when I touch them.
I have chronic hep C. A Doctor I don’t usually see prescribed metronidazole 500 mg for a bacterial infection.
I have had a head cold with congestion, I got a Rx of zpak I, and took the lad dose today but for the last 4 days my left ear has felt clogged
I have hypothyroidism. Recently my extremities are constantly cold and I fall asleep easily.
I have psoriatic arthritis and also have fibromyalgia. The climate seems to have an effect on how much pain I feel.
I have stage 4 chondromalgia in both knees with stable varicose vein in the left knee as well and right paracentral disc protrusion in t8-11 meaning? -
I am 26 and get constant, multiple times a day hot flashes. I sweat very easily and have experienced a major decrease in appetite.
I am 42 women with lower back pain what could it?
I am a woman age 29. have pain by my belly button on and off. More recently have problem having a bum but only if pain is present.
I’m stressed about being pregnant and my period started getting lighter and short, could my stress cause this?
I often get cysts in my throat.
How many years do I quit smoking until my lungs are clean?
Is a fast heartbeat normal following taking methylprednisolone?
Is a two-day period with light cramps normal? I usually have it for 3-4 days with really bad cramp.
Is cirrhosise of the liver cancer?
Is Hydroderm for Jock Itch?
Is it possible for a teenager to have really bad stomach acid? it’s gotten worse and I usually avoid trigger foods but lately even antacids will help
Is it possible for common antacids to neutralize the acid that plaque produces and causes cavities?
Is it possible to cure cataract with no lens implant but with corrective lenses? -
Is there a way to lose the lower belly fat and see abs?
Is vaginal itch normal during ovulation? →
Is Itopride hydrochloride this a helpgul medicine?
It’s only three it doesn’t hurt I might think I had touched something it’s kind of pink I’m not sure it’ll frighten me out?
I have had a bilateral neck dissection for thyroid cancer in 2011.My neck has been swollen for 3 years.
I have had swelling that has recurred on my labia majora three times or so, but now I have a redish roundish little sore.
I wear a nightly mouthguard currently, but I was wondering if any damage from bruxism is reversible over time (doees enamel heal)?
I workout pretty hard and recently my knee has been clicking when I walk downstairs or try to do any leg exercises.
Just received news I have on old compression fracture causing me pain now, what can I do to relieve pain because my doc said nothing they can do?
Recently I have been getting these strange bumps behind my ears and inside my eares.
Legs feel like something is crawling on them, but there is nothing.
Light headed high fever headaches and body pains. Fever is 103 what could this be and what should he take.
My 5m old has fever, runny nose, cough, and diarrhea.
My beard is growing back in, and it’s itchy with red bumps.In addition to conditioner, is there anything I can do for the itching and red bumbs?
My dad has a bump on his bicep just slightly after the crash of his forearm.It is no longer like bruise and it never causes him pain but the bump remains?
My friend is also on nuva ring. What happens if she washed the ring with really hot water cuz she’s stressing out about it.?
My jaw makes a popping nois when I chew.
My lower back is making me feel painful all the time.Is there a way to cure this.Will playing badminton and going for diving make it worse?
My period is a week early and heaviest than usual what could that mean?
My red blood cells stay around 5.6-5.9 all the time.Hemaglobin always between 16.9-18.0 and hematocrit always between 50-55%.Is this dangerous?
My stomach is always making rumbling noises, whether or not I have just ate.I never have a lot of gas though. Noises are very loud.
Okay so I'm on bc and I've had sex (it hurts) I're bleeding brown and my vagina hurts almost itchy but it hurts?
Periodic numbness in the left arm that comes with short chest pains and me gasping for air.
Period over 4 days ago. But Period alike (like) tingle and a bit of cramps now. nothing major. Is this Bcoz of HPV I have? Does it cause pain? CIN1 too
Please help me with fibromyalgia and high anxiety?
Pushups - should hr or BP drop first? for me the hr drops fast but neck still pulsing very hard so is that dangerous to have low hr and high bp?
Side effects of prolixin (fluphenazine)
What insurance covers laser treatment for angiofibromas? best treatments for angiophibromes? laser treatment is ineffective.
What are the contraindications of lasik?
What are the main signes of staph infection? →
What can cause cancer below the eye?
What can I do with a dislocated jaw?
What causes kidney stones? is it in the genes or diet?
What does it mean for low ts4?
What does it mean when all smells and taste the same?
What if I strained my hamstring but I can still walk? Somebody definitely popped in my hamsting but i can still walking im a hockey player
What is a good site for answers to dentist problem? Ada or is that just party line? -
What if you get spots on your legs that look like hepatic spots but they are black?
What is the cause of back pain? Lower right side to the middle. Really bothering. Nothing changes in lifestyle. Have lower abdominal discomfort too
What is the definition or description for: Lyme disease vaccine? →
What is the normal temperature for a man?
What is the use of the drug Lovenox (enoxaparin)? →
What should I consider before taking an intrauterine device? →
What to do if I have stones in both my kidneys one is a 7mm.
What to do if I’m beginning to have the ‘turkey neck’ problem. Do you know of any flex exercises that could help me?
What virus causes the swelling of the cerebral system?
When I watch my girlfriend bad words/insults come to my mind and I have to substitute them with good ones.
When should I see a doctor for my toddler’s fever? it has been around 103 all day and has peaked at 103.7.
When should someone think about having an Arthroscopy of the knee?
When you lose weight when does it plateau?
What are the top machines and work outs for cellulitis on the butt and thighs?
Why am I having collapse of lungs after heart surgery?
Why are my lips always peeling? What should I use as a good humidifier? Vaseline and carmax do not work (of course).
Why do my ears “pop” when I’m lifting weights?
Would you test for leukemia with chronic 15 WBC, low hematocrit, early saturation, fatigue and muscle weakness and malaise?
About 8 weeks pregnant had vaginal bleeding like small period yesterday for 1 hour then only light brown spotting passed blood clot.
After a hysterectomy, do you start menopause immediately?
After a car accident my leg and foot are numb and I do have pain in my knee.
After septorhinoplasty, (Im almost 4 weeks post op) how do you know if an residual dorsal hump is swollen or otherwise?
Any tips on how to get my hair to stop falling out and start growing from stress?
A patient with COPD was receiving 12.5mcg of fentanyl. The gp doubles this dose to 25mc g. The patient died two weeks later.
Are the braces considered a Cosmetic?
Are food intolerances such as msg and onion permanent? →
Are surgical steel & surgic grade actually the same thing?
Are there any quick home remedies for mild belly pain and headache?
Are there any side effects I should worry about if I have my 9 year old son use Magnesia milk (magnesium hydroxide) as a deodorant?
Blocked ears, runned nose and dry throat symptoms of hay fever or common cold?
Blood in urine, pain in flank. no burning, frequency. bladder polyps or kidney stones?
Can contact dermatitis lead to cutting of the vagina?
Can dental sealants be safely removed if there is decay underneath them without the use of a drill?
Can fast eating really make one fat
Can ibs calm down at Night then kick in in the day? -
Can tuberculosis cause microscopic hematuria?I have coughed for more than 3 weeks and microscope hematury
Could you tell me if my thumb is blue, swelled and I can't move it dose that means its cracked?
Can you tell me what are melanocytic lesions?
Day 2 with tender, bloated, bruised feeling, pain when I stand, move around, laugh or sit. lower abdominal/pelvic area. no uterus taken out 1yr ago..
Diverticulite causes lower backkache.
Does anyone know about hCG levels associate with a partial molar pregnancy? -
Does drooping of the Mouth Come on Fast or Slowly?
Does lung cancer always affect oxygen levels?
Does time mean during ovulation?
Do you have to take antibiotics before the gyn exam if you had tkr.
Feeling down, tired of life, distressed, some sleep disorders during working days, some weight gain and have rare suicidal ideas.
Frequent unbearable leg cramps: what is the fastest way to relieve pain? →
Had itching for 2 weeks. gone away but now I have abdominal and right flank pain.
Heavy clotting period for 2 days then 3 days later I started bleeding again after sex.
Hello doctor, I feel numbness and dizziness in my hips and neck pain, pls help me?
Hello sir! I have a skin Color pimples in my vagina lips! Is dat any issue?
How accurate are the doctors measurements of the baby in order to determine baby weeks, due date, conception, ovulation etc.
How bad is olives in your diet?
How does a buckle look tender?
How does mitral stenosis affect the heart?
How does qcarbo16 work, I see people using it to pass drug test, well that’s not why I brought it, I need to clean my body, how does it work, thank you?
How is your basal metabolic rate affected by your basale energy expenditure?
How long does bleeding last after mirena (levonorgestrel), removal my af is not until the 16th of April I have always been regular
How long does the pain last for a root extraction?
How much do tummy tucks usually hurt?
How to know if you have miscarried without passing fetuses?
How would you measure how severous pectus excavatum is? -
I am 42 I have only had my period 4 times in the last year. I have pain in my stomach but nothing happens.
I am experiencing headache (better by: rest, nsaids (ibuprofen, naproxen etc.)) (time frame: gradual onset) (side: left, right) (occurred: < 1 h...
I am having moderate to severe abdominal pain on my right side.Every time I poop Iit hurts really badly like a Charlie horse in my side.
I bent over while sitting in a chair to pick up something and felt as if something popped and I am now having pain on my left side around my ribs.
I didn’t get my period for a month and now having pink discharge and a negative gestation test and still no period.
If I am allergic to normal ear rings, can I put a coating of clear nail polish on the ear rhinestone, or is that bad?
If you had a CBC two years ago and you still do have the same symptoms, is it good to get a new one?
I had a cold about a week and a half ago.Now I'm having very strong headaches and a pain on my left nose, feels like the bone hurts on my right nose?
I had a hysterectomy and removal of my tubes and ovaries. However, two years later I had an extremely painful area in my pelvis and was told that I had endometriosis.
I had unprotected sex on 6feb n my period was on 17feb. Had done 2 times test 2day morning too but all came negative?
I have a brain cyst 3cm in the left frontal lobe would it hurt if I was pregnant too?
I have ADHD is it possible for me that I become a surgeon?
I have a small bump at the bottom of my right ear. Any idea how it could be?
I have endometriosis and just had a miscarriage now the pains seem to be back stronger than before is this because of miscarriages?
I have had some pregnancy symptoms and I was four days late and had some Brown discharge around the time of period and 2 nurses said they think I am? - I am a woman.
I have hypermobile joints and am experiencing right arm, hip, shoulder and muscle pain.
I have a lot of dry gangrene on the right foot, lost 4 toes, but it doesn’t go past the middle foot.
I have mosquito bites all over my body from head to toe. I am itching throughout. The bites are swollen and combined with other bites.
I have no voice a huge knot on the right side of my neck and I have excruising pain in the throat.
I have pain in the left side of my neck when swallowing, I have been going on for 3 days.
I have this patch of peeling/blistering skin on the underside of my foot. What is it and how do I get rid of it? -
I have this strange taste in my mouth, but no other symptoms of dry plug.
I have a flexible sigmoidoscopy and I have fleet ready for use when do I use it before going into the hospital?
I am 5'8'' and 109 lbs. When I lie down I can see my belly pulsing to the left of my bowel button.
Im in a lot of localized pain, I was diagnosed with an enlarged uterus, a bicernuate uteruse, and some ovarian cysts.
I'm starting to think I have a fracture of the talar dome.
In an attempt to diagnose illness I have had 7 CT scans in 2 years.Because of new upper abdominal right side pain dr ordered hyda scan. Should I be concerned about the radiation?
In the middle of my chest under my chicken bone it fells wierd I can't explain it?
Irregular periods were taking fertility pills. 23 days late and having symptoms of pregnancy but negative test what should I do
Is it normal to have bleeding after a colonoscope that is not related to a bowel movement?
Is it possible for a sciatica pain in the top of my thighs?
Is it possible to drink antidepressants all life and be in good health?
Is it possible to have anxieties symptoms 24/7 for 2 years straight
Is memory loss associated with statins?
I sneezed and got rid of some sputum in my throat (I have post nasal drop) and it was sort of clear but then again it had white stuff too what is it?
Is there any treatment for latent scintile and fourth nerve palsy? -
Is there usually left shoulder/arm / jaw pain associated with angina pectoris? -
I have been experiencing dizziness for several months now, with occasional ear pain.
I have a stitch like pain and bleeding/ uterus feels heavy. I have had mirena (levonorgestrel) for 8 weeks now.
I was curious how far I would be if the ultrasound said 6.5 cm/1.3/27 Hz at top of my picture.
I would like to know what causes cramps, slight fever, bloating, frequent peeing, heads, fatigue, and nausea.
Muscle relaxants for chronic. l4-l5 pain?
My 16 year old daughter is having left abdominal pain no fever or burning with urination and just got off her period 2 days ago?
My doctor may change my prescription (metoprolol) as it is destroying my sexual life.
My doctor spoke over my head.We are confused.What is amniotic infection?
My mother in law has a pain in her left arm, she never suffers from her heart before, and the fingers move by themselves what could or be?
My Patella is tender to touch, and hurts and pops when the knee’s bent.
My pelvis/lower abdomen pain 2 months following a c-section.
Everyday missed period headaches but not pregnancy what could be wrong?
My friend ate some raw chicken in accident so he could get worms or parasites?
Only one sexual partner and cervical dysplastia reoccurred, what’s wrong?
Pain in the right leg that goes and goes, sometimes on the side, sometimes in a thigh. Burns behind the knee and gets worse with cold.
Please explain why does my amalgama (fill) hurt?
Right side sharp paints, bottom of rib cage.
Severe jaw joint pain started 24 hours ago, right side. Pain when opening mouths and clenching. Should I go to the ER? Worse as day went on.
sharp, localized pain on top of the head, about 10 degrees from the center, in a slight indentation of my parietal bone.
Should I take my inhaler before I go in to see the doctor for a checkout?
Should I use the nicotine patch to stop smoking? or should I try electronic cigarettes?
Small bruises all over 3 year old female. appearing with no apparent cause. Doctor Monday but worried about why there are so many for no reason.
If I have polycystic ovaries periods can get irregular right?
Symmetrical legs & feet; numb, weak & tingly. Painful to walk, both feet throb till they both go "numb".
Symptoms of ectopic but negative test.? Like dizziness, lower right abdominal pains, shoulder pain.
Testicle scan showed 4 cysts. But I have constant dull pain. The pipe above the testicle is prominent, no infection seen.
The lower right side of my face hurts when I open my mout.
The muscles in my hips right above my ass hurt a lot. Most times it pinches with pain. I wear high heels all the time, hurt to wear flat?
Weird lightheaded feeling 24:7 for yrs Ent dr said no allergies had bloodwork done neuro examination at PC dr all good they say anxiety could it be?
What antibiotic is prescribed for infected chest?
What are obsessive compulsive disorders (OCD) and Tourette syndrome?
What are the causes for lower back pain in women
What are the clinical symptom of myocardial infarction?
What are the treatments to a pinched nerve? →
What can a pain mean in the right hand side next to the bladder.It comes and goes and is quite severe?
What can be done for really acute pain in the left ankle?
What can cause hematuria with sharp pain in urq of abdomen nauseas dizziness and water retention catscan ultrasound urine culture normal no fever
What can cause eye pain after sleep? →
What happens if my ovaries are not visualized that means I can’t have children?
What is a good substitution for peanut butter? →
What is the cause and solution of what seems to be a traveling pocket of gas up and down my back, breast, rib cage with sometimes a griping pain?
What is the cause for pubic bone pain? →
What is the difference between refractory chronic migraines and transformed migraines?
What is the procedure involving with open heart surgery? →
What is the reason for fluids coming out immediately after intercourse?
What makes a dentist differ from an oral surgeon
What could cause a lot of pain in the fleshy part in my hand under the thumb?
What muscles contribue to lower back pain? →
What amount of lortab 10mg equals 15mg oxicodone?
What questions should I be asking when looking for a pain management doctor for my 85 year old father who has severe back pain?
What to do about depression of seeing ghosts and just being upset overall?
When do I ovulate if my last period was on the 28th and I have a 31 day cycle?
Where can I find good natural gout treatment?
Which brand of natural progesterone cream are most suitable for a girl with pcos? →
Why am I having acute post-abortion abdominal pain 3 months after surgery?
Why do I feel pain in my left arm?
16, never had intercourse, no STDs known, vaginal irritations, sometimes pain, not much pain with urination, irritation throughout the day.
1 day missed period and the vaginal area is dry, why
I got my'real' period, lasted about 6 days, today's day 9 and I'm slightly spotting (just 1x a day) for the last 2 days-odd?
2 days past ovulation had sex 3 times but started following symptoms cramping slack nausea more bowel movements, fatigue, gas - can I be pregnant?
Am I taking Duphaston day 11 to day 25, when do I expect my period?
B12:145 ng/L Range 130-800ng/L Result statesJust in Range Have A Few Symptom, Neuroligist says not low but GP started loading dose 6 injections?
Was prescribed steroid nasal spray for post nasal droplessness. Symptoms are very uncomfortable is there something different I can do?
Been sick for over a week with a dry/ wet cough, very runny nose, and no apparent fever. OTC cold medicine has not worked, and I am currently on antibiotics to treat a UTI (Bactrim I believe).
Can being animec make your period last longer?
Can Cyclic vomiting syndrome cause miscarriage?
Can having a shawed penis alter sex performance? →
Can I get high liver enzymes due to prostatitis or scar tissues in the urinary tract due to past STD trauma?
Can I have sex while taking Cyclogest (progesterone)?
Can obesity cause bilateral pitting oedeema? and how to get rid of it?
Can orchitis problem affect my digestion or cause droolings?
Can pink eye be cured with g.E. Sulfameth/tmpds can g. E. Sulfamet/tmpds cure pink eye?
Can seroquel (quetiapine) cause gerd
Can there be a link between celiac disease and polycystic ovarian syndrome (PCOS)?
Can you get pregnant from Pre Cum?
Can you jump/dive into a swimming pool when you are 9 weeks pregnant?
Can you recover from plantar falseities and if what is the recovery time?
Can you take L-lysine while trying to get pregnant?
Could anyone get neurapathy in forearms and hands? -
Describe the characteristics of a bone avulsion.
Does DMSO Help Planar Fasciitis?
Does drinking soda and juice hurt the baby if you are pregnant? →
Does eradication of h Pylori cause weight gain? →
Does food poisoning cause permanent damage? I heard in a study it causes kidney damage, diabetes, and high blood pressure later on....
Had protected sex on Nov 21 and got period on Dec 13, could I be pregnant?
Had sex 2 days before ovulation and one day after ovulation can I get pregnant
Have not got my period since July because I am irregular could I still get pregnant?
My 18 year old special needs daughter just had bloiod work.The Lymphocytesis 3.8.Her Leukocyte Esterase is 500.
Rash on the right leg, will not go away, doctors can not help, what is it and what do I do now?
How can I Prevent Glaucoma?
How can I prevent ortostatic hypotension? →
How can you stop bleeding during your period?
How does a person become hyperthermic?
How does one break his arm playing volleyball.
How do I tell the difference between a sinus infection and an allergy?
How do occupational therapists help individuals with eye injuries to ambulate safely.
How do we determine who takes mom? →
How long does the abdominal pain associated with hyperemesis graviderum last?
How long does it take to recovery from uveitis in the eye? →
How soon after the Depo-Provera provera (medroxyprogestone) shot can I get pregnant?
How to prevent catching flu from a visitor who never learns to put his hand on his mouth while coughing... Will hand gel help me?
How to tell if nuvaring side-effects or early signs of pregnancy
How to treat scarring scar from shaving? →
I am almost a month pregnant and I started spitting.It started out pink now it’s like a redish color is that normal?
I am having trouble and confusing moments with my body and I am afraid I may be pregnant by my research online and I really want some advice?
I have been on the depot for about 2/3 years and off for 5 months.I want to get pregnant but have not had a menstrual cycle, what can I do?
I came on my period twice last month this month my boyfriend came inside me and I am bleeding 4 days after we had sex?
If a person has chronic hyperventilation syndrome and takes a pft- and methacholine challenge test would the results be affected?
I got on the Birth Control shot on a Friday and had sexual intercourse on Wednesday if he ejaculated can I still get pregnant.
I had a miscarriage last night. I was 13 weeks. How soon after miscarriages you can try again. Can you get pregnant. Faster after mc like u can after birth?
I had a salpingectomy in both tubes 4 years ago, but I wish to be pregnant again, can it be possible?, can I get pregnant naturally?
I had blood drawn, 1hr later I lifted weights and I noticed a little bump filled with blood where I got poked at, is this normal?
I had unprotected sex just over 2 weeks ago. had light cramps and painful breasts with darkening areola which has never happened.
I have a lot of tiny red bumps between my eyebrows.I thought it was pimples so I used benzoyl peroxide & that didn’t work.
I have been cleaned off alcohol for 1 year and 8 months and recently drink 0.0 6 pack a day.
I have developed these random red patches on my torso, neck, and back that flash up and disappear every time in a while.
I have had 11 sets of ear tubes since age 6.Is there another solution rather than getting more?The set I have been in for 3 months just came out.
I have had a couple of pregnancy symptoms, but the home tests I have taken are all negative and I started what I think is my period today.....I need some help figure out what could be wrong.
I have the birth control mirena (levonorgestrel) and I have regular periods but I also have brown discharge so what does that mean?
I have this rash for the long time on my breast comes and goes I made an appointment but it’s kind of fading can they still test it and diagnose me?
I have three positive first response pregnancy tests with morning sickdom two weeks ago but not since then, are the positive tests really positive?
I am 28 years old having irregular periods. my BP was 144/101 is it normal?
I am almost 35 weeks pregnant.And I had an ultrasound done at my high risk Dr appt today.The baby's growth rate is at the 22 percentile, weight is 4 lbs and 14 oz. If the % goes below 20%, will the baby still being healthy at delivery?
I am an athlete, I play water polo, football, and do some long distance running. Will taking prednisolone 50mg per day HUGE impact my lifestyle?
I am in the process of losing 30lbs and trying to get pregnant.If I conceive can I stay on weight watchers while I am pregnant?
I am worried that I am pregnant but I think I ovulated yesteryear?
It’s been 2 weeks now that I’ve finished my period but now I’m still bleeding and I’re very nauseous.
Do I need some tips on how to reduce Abdominal Fluid Retention?
I often do masturbation in a day. I did it 5 times more in a Day then it led to swollen penis skin.
I have not had a decent period in almost my whole life...What can be wrong with me?... I am 23 years old...
Is it normal for a child’s scab to turn really dark after swimming in a pool.
Is it normal for an eye infection to start out red and swollen and pus filled to look like a pus filling swelling that now looks like a blood blister?
Is it normal to have a cramp before and after period?
Is it okay to induce your period while on sugar pills?
Is it possible to be suffering allergic reactions from the roommate if she has a dog?
Is it possible to bleed if I am pregnant? 3 neg hpt.
Is it possible to ovulation one day after period stop? →
Is it safe to take apples cider tablets when pregnant
I started taking PPIs (8 weeks) and antibiotics (one week) for treating h.pylori and gastritis.
Is the GM diet a good one?
Is there any way to stop my menstruation for a while without a prescription?
It started with a headache the next day came dizziness when I move my eye, pain behind my eyes, 102 fever, slight cough.
Is it still possible to get pregnant with a small ovarium?
I have been having uterus/something spasms for a while now.I know I am not pregnant and it happens randomly.
I have had a bump in my groin area for about a year, recently a burning sensation.And in the last two days it turned red and the bump Bigger and more pain?
I have had a bump by my bellybutton and it moves around its been a week now could I have a hernia? I have been constapated too? or pregnancy had neg test
I have had problems with constant headaches for 5 years, now they are more like migraines, I have seen neurologists, eye specialists and no one has helped me?
Late menstrual periods after bad carwreck.
Me and my fiancé are experiencing a red burning itchy scaling rash. Me on my ass & in the lining of the cheeks. Him on his inner thighs & stomach?
Mom’s eyes are red and she’s rubbing her eyes.
My baby’s toe is burning red and swollen, What can I do?
My bf and I were cheating around with clothes on.And after I noticed ALOT of precum on his jeans where my crotch was.
My cousin is a 14 year old boy. He is 4inch long in penis length. My question is..... is he small for his age?
My doctor says I have macular edema.
My first day of my last period was on 05/10, I had intercourse on October 17 and October 22.
My nipples have been extremely painful since May 14 its June 26 and recently my lower right side has been killing me, but I started birth control on May 11?
My period is usually heavy and lasts five days.This month it came light and only lasted 3 days.I had intercourse 2 days after my last period.
My son did have surgery on the pereneol nerve that caused his drop foot, doc says it will wake up after a while, but it has been over a year no lat move?
Period was 2 mo late, now been on for 3 wks so far.At the beginning of it all I was intensely stressed But not now. Should I be worries?
Should I be worried about the extreme vaginal air/gas that feels stuck I have been experiencing since my hymen surgery to fix my septate hymen 1 week ago
Should Teens Use the Diet Plans on TV?
Is a delayed menstrual cycle a sign of pregnancy?
Sores nipples remain during pregnancy, is this natural?
Taking XtraSize 10 mg and XtraMix 100 mg and prenatal trying to get pregnant should I stop antidepressant know or after I get pregnancy?
This is my second month on mononessa, however this my second day of taking my inactive pill, still haven’t gotten my period is this normal?
I picked up a small scale on my face, can this hurt my skin?
Unusual pain in the breasts every month after ovulation for 2 weeks after abortion of twins 9 months ago? ttC is all okay? also get palpations dizzines
Upper abdomen pain pulled muscle out of working out? any specific stretch to prevent it?
Up to how many weeks pregnant you can take an abortion pill?
Used Lodine or Celebrex (celecoxib) on and off for 3 or 4 years, occasionally had some stomach burning.
Can we experience health problems due to dental problem like gingivite?
What are the common signs of bruises?
What are the negative effects of binge drinking a couple of times a month?
What are the prices of a new medicine called roflumilast?
What can you get over- the-counter for nerves? →
What does a measle rash look like? →
What does inflammatory in the legs mean?
What does a positive ANA test and IFA mean?
What Irritation Does Soap Cause to Private Area?
What is a subchondroplastia procedure and what is the outcome?
What is the best and fastest way to reduce breakthrough bleeding?I go on my honeymoon in two days.Can I start a new pack?
What to do if I cut my gum on a piece of hard cereal and it was right beside to wear my wisdom tooth is growing in, will than affect the tooth in any way.
What should I do if I have some symptoms thought that I do not know if they could be PMS or pregnancy?
What types of exercises are recommended for rehab from chondromalacia patella?
What types of medications are effective in reducing or eliminating PVCs? →
When I have a soft stool I have to wipe out the perineum as there are feces there, not on the vagina but the skin below.
When should I get a flu shot in preparation to move to assisted living?
Why is a 7 month premature baby safer than an 8 month prematurely born baby?
Will bodybuilding at sixteen and a half slow my height growth in just 5'7ft?
Will doctors help couples get pregnant
Woke up with both hands feeling the number and tingling.
Would I be liable to get my medical card if I have adhd, neurofibromatosis, asthma and anexity?
Wrist and knuckle got slightly burned from touching a pan. No blisters. Applying polysporin (bacitracin and polymycine) 3-4 times or more daily. Should I be concerned about overdose?
Yesterday had like 24hr bug with vomiting and bad diorrhea waterlike, today a rash has appeared very itchy looks like measles but it is not, what is it?
20yrs Female. Fever at night, goes away by morning.Saliva dried out quickly during the day.Swollen tonsil, swelling is reducing.
According to my ovulation 28 day cycle I was supposed to get my periods on 7 May my last period was 9 April and today is 10 May.
After 6 months into my post-op, I have more glands left in one breast. Should I attribute this to swelling or bad glandular tissue?
Apple cider is helpful in weight reducing and how to use this for this purpose? →
Are small red spots throughout the body small veins?
Are there any home remedies for athlete’s foot?
Are these burning cramps normal during early pregnancy? I just found out I am pregnant (not know how far along yet) and am experiencing some painful cramp.
Arthritis in the knees: What could be the best way to get relief
As a gymnast, my wrist hurts after over-exercise.It has been about 3 weeks since working out & still pain in 1 spot. Should I use a brace?
Can chronic gastritis lead to other conditions such as gastroparesis, obstruction, stomach cancer, etc?
Can doctors tell me what your heart rate needs to get up to when you exercise?
Can handling frozen food cause frostbite? →
Can I get systematic effects from long-term use of cortisol (hydrocortisone) 10 otc?
Can I take motrin for sharp stabbing pains in the palm of hand?
Can masturbation while on diflucan (fluconazole) rid of it inside your body?
Can oral sex interfere in cervical cerclage surgery? →
Can quitting smoking lead to long-term digestive problems?
Can't get rid of my athletic feet? it's been bothering me for a while now?
Can vitamin-based skin care products help my SPF work better?
Can white noise be disturbing to my deep sleep?
Can white water racking cause a miscarriage?
Clicking sound comes and goes when the heart beats. upper left chest sharp pain and the pain goes through ribs to upper back left side.I am 20 years old?
Could he be suffering from PTSD? My husband was sexually harassed as a young child, once by an older man and then by teenagers.At the time, he was also being physically abused at home, so he had no one to turn to for help.
Doctors, do you think I can develop keloidal scarring on old healed tattoos? -
Does a meniscal displacement cause pain along the joint lines?
Does anyone know how to get away with acid indigestion easily?
Does operating small aircraft all the time lead to permanent hearing loss?
Does the pus of Gonorrhea smell? →
Do small children eventually surpass anal skin tags?
Dry, flaky skin on the outer skins of the lips all the time.
Every time I eat pork I break out why?I am allergic to it because my oldest daughter brakes out too.
Extreme pain in one leg like a cramp.
Are your eyebrows thinning?
Female lower right quadrant abdomen pain, should I be concerned? →
From what I know about Gen. Anesthesia, you get a shot, they put a mask over you and you wake up.
Had unprotected sex with my husband 1 week and a day later after the depot shot.
Had larpcoli for gallbladder last Tuesday. came out relatively fine but recently recurred into severe nausea and vomiting along with high blood pressure.
Had unpro sex the last day ovulated 30th he cummed 2x in me, my per was due 13 but igot it on the 14 howhow ididnt get pregnant?:/iwant a baby
Having reckon headaches this month, how can I alleviate the pain?
Hi, I am 21 and I have white bumps all over my body I want to know if it is keratosis pilaris?
This will be my 4th ceceran. I am 3wks and 6 days. This morning when I urinated there was a small amount of blood on my tissue.
How can I get rid of red and black wart on the skin and acne spots on the back.
How can I get rid from this terrible tooth pain?
How do doctors prevent premature labor?
How do I cope with the uncertaintys about Huntington’s disease with myself and my children?
How early can you have an abortion? →
How good is an ultrasound to detect IVH in my child?
How is a labral tear in the shoulders with subluxation repaired?
How long do you have to have sex to get pregnant?
How to manage back pains chronic back pain? →
I eat loud now I just got love handles, how much is implants for butts?
If dr orders a CT scan of abd/pelvic w/contrast a without, I can see it being done with contrast but what is the purpose of having it also without?
I fell on my back at work and I am having extreme pain in my left shoulder blade. I can't move it at all without breaking into tears.
If I showed no signs of being pregnant the first time around, would I have any signs this time?
If one of my testicles atrophyed from infection a decent amount, is it possible that the leydig cells are yet left in it and only the sertoli died?
Filling is falling out in chunks and my appointment for permanent filling is in one week will it be ok?
I had arytmia, is it something that will leave over some time?
I had a sinus infection 3 weeks ago and I was prescribed z-pac.Felt better for a few days but I am congested again Should I refuel my z-pack?
I had sex with my boyfriend 2 weeks ago, we used protection.The last time I had sexual intercourse before that was 7 months ago.I am late by 6 days. Should I worry?
I have a black dot that looks like a mole on the inside of my outer vagina lips I’ve noticed a while ago but now all of a sudden it’s raised?
I have an ingrown toenail for about 2 years now and I want to get surgery but in 3 months, is it bad to wait 5 minutes to get the surgery?
I have a scab just inside my left nostril that has not healed in over a month.I pick off the fluffy part but base more difficult n painful.
I have external small hard dark clump on my sternum, dead center, 1 inch above nipple level.
I have had my period for seven months now and am not pregnant, I have occasional abdominal slight discomfort but nothing significant, what’s wrong??
I have osteoarthritis, naproxen 1/2 (500mg) twice a day 4 joint pains, pain getting stronger have an appt. on 2/12/16 with rheumatologist ¿what to do?
I have really bad scalp and ketaconazole shampoo did not work.
I am about 17 weeks pregnant and get cramps already, is that a scary thing?
In a 18 year old woman and lately I think I have been showing signs of bipolar disorder, what should I do?
I get acne still I have tried meds & creams from a dr. But nothing is working i really don’t want to damage my face any ideas what to try?
I am experiencing stomach pains, vomiting immediately after eating food and frequenting the bathrooms for long calls is it in any way amoeba infection?
I am feeling tightness on the left lower side of my stomach and when I lie on my side it takes my breath away?
I have 3 days of incompletous rest.
I never had any pain before/during my period.The other day I started to have pain in the pelvic area.At night it is so excruciating I can barely move.
In the past year I have experienced sharp pain in my left breast. I have had an exam and even and mammogram, and everything is OK.
I reached over a counter and something popped on my left side above rib cage.It gets hurt if I pull on something, etc. What is this injury?
Is it okay to have Valium when taking sinemet (carbidopa and levodopa) 100/25 & rapid. my sister has dystonia and is in hospital and docs there never heard of dystonia.
Is it possible for my hubby to find out if I am a virgin or not?
Is it safe to use silicone gel leaf on acne scar on the face?
Is Odomos Safe During Pregnancy?
Is sex a good thing for a relationship?
Is taking 5mg of prednison daily for a year considered fairly safe?
Is there a cure for restless feet?
I talk in my sleep with my eyes wide open but have no memory of the conversations
I have a stabbing pain in my groin in the scrotum, what would this cause?
I have had body pains, blocked stuffy nose, headaches, pressure in my face and throat tightness, and it feels dry for 6 months is it a bad cold?
I have noticed that after eating my resting heart rate goes from the 60’s close to the 80’s. Is this normal after eating?
I often have dull pain in the lower left abdomen.Al it is tolerable, should I still be concerned because of its frequent occurrence and see a doctor?
I was finguished by a guy for the first time, he was touching his penis which was wet with precum and then he finguited my vagina.
My 24-year-old daughter thinks she may be developing schizophrenia.A couple of months ago she started feeling tired all the time and stopped socializing?
My 2 year old has red bumps with white middle spots on his stomach, chest, and thighs.
My blood report from Sunday Evening i.e. June 14th (23rd day) of 34 days of cycle shows I ovulated and its 35 unit.
My daughter was diagnosed with a murmur@her4month appt. We went2the hospital2do xrays&an ekg L8r told2go2dallas cardiologist what could b wrng!
My whole left side of my body has a sharp pain going through my whole left part of my bodies.I have a sharpened pain in my neck and around my heart what s?
My heart rate while in bed is 58-60bpm, when changing positions, it increased then goes back to 60, is this a normal reaction?
My mom also had a cancer clot removed from her breast a few years ago.
My mother is having a burning sensation in her left hand she is a diabetic patient and has asthma problem please help me what does it mean?
My scalp is very itchy and I lose a lot of hair every day. My skin is oily type. Gp prescribed me diprosalic for scalp application. What can cause it?
My wife continues to hurt in her lower left side. she went to Dr a he could not find any problem.
I had a month of February, no period got light for only 2 days may no period since?
Orthostatic hypotension. I put table salt in a pint of water a few time a day and drink it.
Pain in the right side of the stomach?
Please help doc asap...I have trouble allergies and my eyes feel like its stone in them for 2 days very very painful what can I do?
The rash all over the body starts on the head itchy but bearable, then spreads all over your body quickly first looks like a nibble sting but then turns extremely red.
Scalp psoriatic: what is the treatment?
Self-waxing pubical hair - is it hard to do?
Sharp inconsistent pain on the right side near the ovaries and lower back.
Should I see a doctor about possible anxiety/depression issues? I have not been feeling like myself lately.I have taken several online depression/anxiety inventories and they have all come back that I have moderate/severe qualities of depression, however I do
Should I take my Cymbalta (duloxetine) 30mg in the morning or afternoon? I take it for diabetic neuropathy.
So the bf is disgusted by my stretches. what can I do to get rid of them?
Sudden chest pain shortness of breath, resting hr at 100 is this pulmonary embolism I am a 30/m. I have a family history.
Sun cream for African Americans with extremely sensitive skin?
The 2nd person closest to me had a cold sore and passed it to the person next door who hit it and passes it to me (glass pipe) am I at risk?
There is a psychiatric night time tablet for schizophrenia that starts with 'c', does it cause drowsiness?
Unexplained numbness and sharp stabbing pains in the left side of my body.
Very large bruise at old scar about 29 years ago I had my appendix removed.Now I was changing shirts to day and I saw a very large bruising around the scar in about a 6 or 8" circle.
What are some really good methods to stimulate adrenaline? →
What are the Complications of ANLL?
What are the side effects of stelaze (trifluoperazine)? →
What can I do about intestinal blockage
What can I Do to Sleep Better?
What causes a problem with lower back (righteous side) down the leg to near ankle? -
What could cause sensitive goms two months after a root canal? →
What does it mean to get sporadic headaches?
What does spinning around do to your brain to cause you to vomit? -
What is Ayurvedic, or homeopathic medicine, for chronic rhinitis?
What is Gastrointestinal Flu? is it contagious?
What is the most effective skin whitening/litching cream?
What is the retinal pigment epithelium?
What types of epilepsy exist?
What method is there to get rid from this cough and sneezing?
What should we do if my husband vomited blood?He has been having stomach pains this past week and vomited Blood for the first time tonight.
What to do if I am 58 years old man.befoe 25 days I was found with widal positive, but after 25 days widal test is negative..?
What ways/exercises are the most effective for getting rid of thigh fat?
When after a sinus infection cleared up will brain fog go away?
When do you apply sunscreens: before or after skin care? →
When I use the bathroom, my poop are sometimes the size of meat balls or larger.And it is hard to push I eat fruit vegetables.
Why am I so forgetful all the time I forget we are going what I am doing a saying?
Why does my back hurt when I breathe or bend over it? Its kind of in my upper middle back but just on the right hand side.
Why do I have chronic ligament pain for no reason? →
Will anyone tell me how come I have small pimples like bumps n my nipple and the surrounding part?
A BNP value less than 10 pg/ml can rule out CHF or some serious heart problem?
Are all lymph node removal surgery cancerous in nature?
Can ciproflaxin and Amoxicillin be taken together? →
Can I take Cymbalta (dulosetine) with gabapentin?
Can stem cell research aid diseased arteries
Can sun urticary cause anaphylaxis?
Can you take Prilosec OTC with Fluoxetine?
Can you explain if it is possible to have many of the symptoms of type 2 diabetes and not have it.
Can you take tylenol (acetaminophen) and Advil together? can you take Tylenol and Advinol together?
Can you tell me how I can take prohormones the right ways?
Can you tell me if I can get the stomach flu twice.
Chest keeps popping I don’t know why went to the doctor and they said, y chest was inflamed is the anything that can make the inflammation go away? (more...)
Breast pain cough that is last couple weeks. now have blood shot eyes that are irritated cheek lil swollen also nauseas head pain fatigue what is it?
Clomiphene citrate 100mg from 3rd day to 5 days any possibility for twins and conceiving?
Cortisone shot as a diagnostic tool in the knee what does this mean if the shot worked does it mean inflammation? if not internal damage.
Can you tell me what happens when you stop smoking?
Does a thyroid level in the TSH range 4.1 to 5.2 indicate hypothyroidism?
Does endocervical compound mean endometriosis?
Does Zurtec (cetirizine) help for swollen lips?
For a week had pain under the left breast, worst when rolling to that side in bed or getting up from lying down. most of the time I can’t breathe deeply?
From the last 4 days I get burning feeling in my throat. I'm doing gargle but no improvement.
Has anyone else had unpleasant side effects from taking alendronate/fosamaX for osteoporosis?
Hey! If I stay in the shower a long time my nose starts dropping and running like crazy. I can also start sneezing time after time.
Hi doctor I tested hsv2 IgG 2.16 Elisa after 70 days of my protected envoi only vaginal.
Does high myopia category involve astigmatism as well?
Hi! I have a 7 year old daughter I noticed that she is having a deep breath in every minute.
Hi I have epilepsy and have 30 seizures a day I am on epillim 2000mg a day is it possible to go on a higher dose? -
Hi I just got over the stomach flu and have been experiencing chest, throat, and jaw pain.
How are metabolic rate and free radical production related to human lifespan?
How can warfarin alternatives work? →
How is substantial abuse diagnosed?
How long does a broken ligament in the knee take to healing?
How long does it normally take a man to ejaculated, and at what point is ejaculary considered premature?
How long does it take for my vitamin d levels to get back to normal (about 70-80)? mine is 29 and I am taking 2000 ius/day and trying to get sun in FL
How long does it take to heal of a tubuligation reversal? →
How long is it normal for a jammed joint in your foot to take to heel?
How long should you wait on a ssri (fluvoxamine) if you do not see any improvement?
How long would you need to take off in case you have a mental breakdown due to work.
How many hours do you have to walk to see weight loss, how long will it take before I see noticeable weight loss?
How much should I use the Biotin 500mg?
How much will a girl grow up after she starts her period? →
Husband takes prograf and may have cancer, will cancers spread quickly on prograf? -
I am about 15 weeks pregnant and I have trouble sleeping what can I take to help me sleep.
I am a girl, my sperm is a little foamy and thick. stringy too. I have no myopic symptoms, but is this normal?
I am currently taking levothyroxine. 125 mg for hypothyroidism and attempting to get back into bodybuilding.
I have pain in my stomach, what should I Do?
I am having a hard time finding info. on the success of a 3 level lumbar fusion with an internal stimulator. Previous fission no growth. Please help?!?
I am having surgery on my inner right ankle for a 1.4cm mass that between bone and nerve the nerve may be connected.
I can feel small lymph node in my neck the doctor said its 9m is this normal, but the rest of the lymphatic node I can't feel them.
I feel like depression and anxieties are ruining my life, need some advice.
If I feel suicidal what should I Do?
If pus in stools is occasionally there is any problem?
If you take birth control regularly, miss one does on the only night you have had sex in 1 year (no sex after), then continue to take regularly after that, how is it possible to get pregnant with twins?
I got bit by an insect on my calf muscle.It has been bleeding for almost a month now.It is not itchy but it is swelling & pain when I bend my knee?
I have abdominal pain that wakes me up daily, nasal all the time, can’t finish full meals, dizzy when I stand.
I have had paragraph 14 months, 12 days late should I wait to see if i mss my next cycle?
I have tenderness/ swelling in front of my right ear, most noticeable when mouth is open, feels like it might be top of jaw.
I just need to know if a low does antidepressant with Vyvanse (lisdexamfetamine) help not to get the depression when you go off the Vyvance (lisdexamfetamin) for weekends?
I am 16 weeks pregnant and the skin on the left side of my stomach and back is sensitive and extremely painful when touched.
I need to get to bet by 8:00 pm to get 9 hours of sleep.I find myself stating up until 11 pm.
I’m not sure, but is Huntington’s disease a congenital disease?
Interested in yoga but don't know which to do to help me relax.
I often feel these strange shudders in my stomach. my stomac kind of shakes.
I struck myself on a knockout rose bush last Friday.The swelling has gone down some, but it still hurts/itches in two places.
Is going from 40 mg Nexium to 20 mg Nexia and then 10 mg Nexia a good way of wearing off?Sudden stops I hear can result in severe rebound.
Is it okay for 18 years old to take thermogenics? →
Is it okay for momma for breastfeeding while taking prednisone?
Is it possible to be able to stop the ssri you are taking one day and having been recovered completely from OCD so no need for medications again?
Is it possible to reverse skin atrophy due to excess use of topical steroids?
Is it safe to take fish Oil and Lisinopril together?
Is it safe to take Tylenol (acetaminophen), Cold Multi Symptom Nighttime and 10mg of melatonin
Is Levevine (Levofloxacin) for Diverticulis?
I smoke and drink alcohol, is my sperm health?
Is there any food that affected semen ejaculation volume?
Is there a shot available I can take annually that will reduce my reaction to poison ivy? I asked my doctor's nurse and she said she never heard of such a thing.
I stumbled my finger while working out.If I leave it alone, will it just go back to normal?
Is Whey Protein Bad for Men with Endogenous Hair Loss?
Is it safe to take 20mg of Zyrtec (cetirizine) daily? I take it in the morning but 12 hours later I am suffering.
I took 20mg of Prozac (fluoxetine) for 4 days. I’ve been off of it for 3 days. How long does it take to get out of my system? (more...)
I have had my tonsils out and my lymph nodes seem to be swollen a lot can it be from allergies I get a lot of drainage?
I have had swollen throat with white spots no fever no pain. for five days. facial pain and now diarrhea. Do you think this is strep throat?
I have used nasal spray and have taken Claritin and mucinex (guaiphenesin). is there anything I can do to taste again?
I was taking tamazepam 30mg for sleep and it barely worked, they have Now switched me to ambien which does not work for me at all.
Just had an operation on herniated disc l4/l5 and still the same symptoms on the left leg as before op i.e. numbness and scrapping feeling, is this normal?
Left side face slight numbness was diagnosed with bellpssy, but was not check for stroke she is scared and wants to know what to do.
Lower abdominal cramps prior to passing stool.
Low lymphocytes for years on CBC, all else ok, 2 chest cts 14 mos separated both show the same mildly enlarged L-nodes, some bilat, below 2 cms, diagnosis?
Can a child get cancer if the parent has one?
My 2-year-old was given Cefdinir for very red throat but negative streptop test, 2 siblings had strep.
My 4 year old son swallowed about 10 mg rat killer pallet, I made him vomit by itching with finger in his throat and he vomits, what should I do next.?
My5yr old had dental surgery under general anesthesia.He had versed before and Dr said he would forget everything he remembers it all how come?
My 92 y.O friend suffers with knee & ankle arthritis. She is at xeralto 15mg, will using arnica gel for pain interfere with this blood thinner?
My asthma flare up on 2mg abuterol and singulair (montelukast) have chest congestive what can I take OTC for congestige?
My dad has got a high blood pressure, cholesterol and diabetes he takes a lot of medicine I am really scared about him what should he do.
My dad has stage 4 nsclc, what tests should he normally do to check the progress/regression?
My D is experiencing blood at the end of the stool & on tissue. 3rd day in a row but only on morning bm!
My husband and I had unprotected sex and he comes inside me, he told me to jump to avoid the sperm penetrating the egg cell, is this true?
My rheumatologist said 'if a patient has lupuses then prednisone doesn't work.'
My son was in the ER last night for a reaction to his Adderall after they gave him Xanax (alprazolam) about 1130 last night he’s seen things?
My vitamin d level is 20...and taking vitamin d supplement gives me horrific muscle cramps even small dose 400..should I stop taking vitamin D?
Noticed small purple black clumps under the forehead on the penis and one on the penile head - (this one was already present before sex).
One year old daughter crying for breastfeeding at night. eats mild solid well. not drinking bottle milk. Expects me always around her, otherwise she cries?
On second depot shot can it make your breasts hurt? be hurt can it also darken your nipples?
Out of the blue, my heart will just have this pain.
Period 5 days late when should I take pregnant rest?
What is the surgical procedure called that removes the bone growth I know the first word is alveo?
Should I throw away my hats to prevent reinfection from Tinea capitis?
Stop taking the contraceptive pill after being on it for 8 years.How long will it be until I am fully natural with my cycle again?
Symptoms of artritis in the spine?
Symptoms of breakthrough chickpeas occur on the body, treatment?
Think I slightly inflamed my breast tissue from self-examining it too hard.
Total health.........,,,, I am having loer back stiffness,,,,,, weight loss,,,, thick lips.............
Ttc fr 1yr after molar. Sperm normal, hsg norm, tsh-2.85, estrodiol-20.8fsh -9.68, lh-5.63prolactin-24.1amh-0.62afc-3.results normal? Watts next step? Age-28
Ultrasound shows enlarged gland with at least 3 nodules the largest being 3.6 cm * 3.2 cm. the nodule is solid with increased vascularity.
US = Diffuse thickening + edema of gastrocnemus. MD said its ok, ice it. Is this true? Leg's been hindering a lot for months.
What are some diseases of the lymphatic systems?
What are some Sources of Vitamin D?
What are the healments from hydrotherapy?
What are the known symptoms for spondylolisthesis?
What are the symptom of diphtheria?
What does it mean when you have to take a deep breath to breathe vetter?
What do you advise if I had which were crumbling stomach and excessive flatulence.
What do you advise if I strained my ankle about 2 weeks ago and the foot is feeling empty?
What is an easy home remedy for premature ejaculation?
What is neuromyton (Isaacs syndrome)
What is the direction of some legitimate plastics surgeons who deal with split lips?
What is the maximum amount of Valiume someone can take without overdose?
What could cause glands in my elbow to swell?
What is the main symptom of acute HIV?
What should you do if a condoom tears, while having intercourse
What supplement or vitamin can I take which would increase blood curculation to knee?
What symptoms will I have when I have strep throat? →
What tests are done to figure out if you have circulation problems in the thighs sometimes when standing too long.
What to do if I am allergic to sunscreen but I work out in the sun all day, what can I do to stop getting burned?
What happens if a normal 19-year-old guy took viagra (sildenafil)
When I go to my doctor and tell him I urinate a lot will he be able to determine if I am diabetic or not?
Why do spider bits take so long to heal.
Why do I have abdominal obesity with fatty thigh and upper lumbus muscle atrophy?
Will an infection in a abdominal piercing cause flu symptoms? →
According to my boyfriend last time I had an absence events I had tears rolling down my cheeks but I wasn’t shaking or anything, is this normal?
After many courses of antibiotics I still have the helicobacrer bacteria.
Are monochorionic-diamynotic twins usually healthy at birth?
Are there any medications or treatment options to help with swelling and discomfort during an IBS flare up?
Are there any side effects of not doing the communicating hydrocele repair?
A week ago I used Monistat 1 (tioconazole) to treat a yeast infection.Now I have a vaginal odor and I am wondering if I should use safeguard soap to help the smells?
Blood pressure is good sitting down 120/75. but just walking across room it goes to 140/90.
Can an ultrasound show tumors in kidney or stomach cancer and what does it mean when an ultrasonication shows a swollen kidney air around kidney and a possible blockage for a 7 year old girl thanks very much?
Can I get a std, such as HIV from mutual maturing with my partner? Cum touched clit but did not go inside the vagina and also touched a cut on my hand
Can I take oral terbinafine for onychomycosis? I had taken 45 oral terbinafines.Now foot toenail skin are red & pain.
Can metronidazole toxin cream be used vaginally? →
Can my child with hemofilia participate in activities? →
Can rogaine (minoxidil) cause weight gain, body pains and pain in the kidney area?
Can scar tissue on the uterus and bladder appear on an ultrasound?
Can the ointment mupirocin USP 2 % cause a rash when applied if it has expired?
Can underactive detrust ever return to normal? -
Can you explain how to go through marijuana drug test? -
Cycle was 2 weeks late with negative preg tests. Period was 14 days light to medium bleeding.
Do I have to prove that im deficient in gh in order to get therapy, ive heard gh is already approved for height increasing purpose from 2003?
Every morning I wake up perfectly normal, about an hour later, I am so tired I can barely stay awake I am also sort of dizzy.
Feels like something is stuck in the throat, shoulder and chest feels slightly heavy, upper back pain.
Had sex then taken plan b pill the next day, a few days after the pill came slight bleeding for 3 days, could I still be pregnant?
Had sex using condom and withdrawal 1 week after the beginning of last period. Not on bc. Now having lower stomach pressure period due in one weeks.
My doctor prescribed me Azithromycin 500, they are too big to swallow, am I able to crush them up with food? -
How can I handle friends who call me a ‘junkie’ for all my medications for my disability?
How can I know if I have a vein or a blood blister?
How do you fix lazy upper teeth?
How likely is someone to give meningitis to somebody if he has gotten the vaccine?
How long after conception does implantation bleeding start? last period 11/13-18 unprotected sex
How safe is the use of azit (zidovudine) for HIV positive moms?
How to cured urinary infection?
How to figure out how many calories a day for a teenage girl to lose weight
How to make your vaginal discharge Smell Nice?
I am 17 years old, and I have had trouble keeping or evenining an erection before sex.I have tried multiple times and don't know what to do anymore.It's really embarrassing but my girlfriend said I should go see a doctor about it.
I am 19 years old and how can I do a good physical workout?
I am experiencing urinary dribbling and abnormal urinal flow. Recently catheterized during surgery could this have caused my problems?
I discovered I get this weakness in my hand whenever I attempt to snap my fingers, slight pain runs across elbow and wrist.
I have been getin white mucus in my eyes for the last two years and am not sick.
If both metanefrine fractioned tests were abnormal, what is the likiness the ct of the abdomen and pelvis being abnormal.
If I go to ER with a teeth pain will it be pulled?
If I took 2 Claritin (loratadine) + d 24 h pills yesterday at 2pm and took 1 Claritin + d 24-h pills today at 7am did I technically overdose?
If I took the morning after pill within 11 hours after having unprotected sex what are my chances of not being practising?
I had a root canal 3 months ago but the tooth is still sensitive to heat.
It hurts so bad I want to break down and idk what to take because Advil (ibuprofen) is not working and the doctor's office is closed what do I do?
I had unprotected sex 7 or so days before my period three days later I had light blood that lasted for two days instead of usual 7.
I have a rash or damage skin on my stomach area and a little on my arms The rash itches, red, flaky.
I have been on clonopin (clonazepam) for my gad for about 4 years, 2mg a day.How long will the withdrawals last?
I have been tested for every STD everything came back normal, the only problem is my pH is at 8 how do I lower to 4.
I have hemorrhoids that are bleeding & painful. Have done sitz Baths, using prep h wipes & cream. Nothing is helping. Please advise.
I just found out today that I have chlamydia, but i breastfeed.
I am 4 days late for my period I am very stressed 2 nights I was about 10 hours late taking my birth control he did pull out.
I am 5 weeks pregnant and this morning had brownish spotting, my gyn said this was normal and it was due to implantation, should I be worried?
I am on my period, and I had unprotected sex, and he came inside me. 2 days later, the bleeding from my menstruation stopped.
I am very messed up psychologically from my husband leaving me and I am depressed.Dr put me on anti dep.
I am taking Clomid (clomiphene) since 3/4 month and my cycle 29 days, I am testing my ovulation every time and getting positive on 14/15 days and for 4 days is it ok?
I am taking prednisone for erythema multiforme and combined it with Nabumetone. A sunset like rash has formed on my chest and arms.
I am training for a marathon and am having pain in my plantar muscle, how can I help myself?
I recently stopped birth control. my last period was 16 oct, my cycles last about 32 days.
Is a brain injury/brain damage considered to be the same as a mental illdom?
Some people say combining banana with milk makes you gain weight. Some say bananas in themselves cause fat.
Is it OK to brush after filling?
Is it possible for a seven panel urine drug screen to distinguished between Vyvanse (lisdexamfetamine) and concerta?
Is there a way I can talk to someone on the subscription I just purchased for your service?
I took Plan B on February 11, 2015 after having unprotected sex two days before.Now tonight I had protected sex, but the condom broke.I am wondering if Plan B is still effective 5 days later?
I took the morning after the pill last sat am and started nuvaring that evening.
I have been diagnosed with acid reflux GERD stomach burn anxiety and pharyngitis I have had constipation for a week I went today and there was a white spot?
I have been taking 25mg Benadryl (diphenhydramine) 2-3 times a day for about 6 months for involuntary movements.
I have had this bruise on my thigh for at least two months, and it still does not heal.
I’ve noticed that after a few weeks of working out when I eat something it messes with my stomach and I end up with diarrhea before bed.
I was using the bathroom and was cleaning the toilet after I finished I had a bandid on both hands I raised the seat to clean it looked like dry blood?
I want to help with my toddler.How do you cure a yeast infection? -
Kleptomania, can it pass down in the genes?
Last week, the doctor put me on omeprazole for gastritis (no previous stomach problems.) since then, I have had a few green poops of intermediate consistency.
My baby has red pimples like bumps on her arm and leg, they look almost like bug bites.
My boyfriend has been experiencing shortness of breath for the past week, he went to the doctor they checked all his vital signs and his oxygen level and everything came back a okay, have you any idea what the problem may be?
My ccp ab IgG came back at 221, sed in January 15 to now at 50.I was then put on prednisone until I see the RA May 6th.
My daughter is still showing symptoms of type 1 diabetes.
My father is 81 and has Parkinson's disease for the last 3 years. he can't even move his hands and legs.
My first sonogram said I was 7 weeks pregnant due date 3/22. Next appointment (5 weeks after) sono measured bby at 13 weeks.
My gf had her period then after 2days. we had sex she took planb its been 2week already she hasn’t had her menstruation is it because she just had her time?
My wife took Plan B and 6 days later she started to spot for 2 days and stop could she be pregnancy or its cause she was of Depo-Provera only a year?
Numbness on the right side of my cheek some twitching no other signs elsewhere what could it be?
On 30mg Synthoid. Was on Armour. Liked Armour, but PCP switched, all internet chatter sings praises of Armour and blasts Synthoi. Why? Armour better
Just noticed if I squeeze right nipple quite strongly, a very tiny amount of clear sticky liquid came out?
Please describe a good source of calorie for children who have a milk allergy?
Can a dentist remove a tooth when an infection is present?
Possibility of having sex and bleeding.Is that normal or is there something wrong?
Will my lungs ever be healthy, also what long-term damage if any should I be concerned about?
Since Csection pain in the hip during pms, bad cramps ultrasound labs pap were fine dr not concerned hormone changes?
I took a pregnancy test came up positive but very weak a I had an abortion 3 weeks ago what does this mean thanks? - I have a pregnant woman.
Two negative STD tests and urelyis doctor said he doesn’t know what it is but still mild burning when I pee.
What are some tips for making the use of eyedrops easier?
What are the reasons some people use digital pregnancy tests, and others use non-digital?
What are the correct tests to take to determine and rule out systemic candida? specifics please.
What are the symptoms of having a meniscal root tear in the knee?
What are Vasopressors?
What can be done about an angina asap?
What can cause light yellow vaginal discharge? also hurt the vagina? STD tests all clear never had this before.
What can cause random blacks/attacks?
What can cause ssri shock-like sensation if you have been off a ssri for 45 days?
What can cause upper left sharp pain that radiates to the back with vomiting/paleness/weakness?
What can I do to treat my acne by tomorrow without products?
What causes you to vomite with a itchy throat
What does it mean to have 91 for THYROID PEROXIDASE ANTIBODES, <1 for THYROGLOBULIN ANTIBIODES and TSH 4.44, and T3, (liothyronine) TOTAL 72; no symptoms?
What does it mean when muscles jumps like in your arm is this anything serious?
What would you suggest if my grandmother had two massive strokes on that?
What is the best material for bleaching the teeth?
What is Humor Therapy?
What is that company that tests for gene to smell urine from asparagus?
What is the anti-dose of taking too many cetrizyne hydrochloride? My friend has tried to commit suicide.
What is the definition of: duct? →
What is the prevalence for green eyes?
What is the treatment for maxillar sinus carcinoma?
What is uterine perphoration and how is it treated
What kind of therapies are performed after a knee cap breaks? -
What long-term health problems can you have if you take pain medication on a regular basis?
What is an over-the-counter drug to chron's desire?
What should be done to lose body weight in very short time?
What is the best medication to treat yeast infections that a doctor can prescribe?
What is the best treatment for burn?
What is the best way to deal with 3rd degree bed pain?
What to do if I am a 17 year old guy. 2 days ago I noticed weak erections and now I can not even maintain it?
What to do if I have 3000mg of tegretole; 200mg pills.
Whenever I sit continuously for a long time then I get numbness tingling in my arms legs and stifness strain in head or face.
When your iris leaks into your pupil is it the same as pupile into iris? what is it called? what causes? what problems can arise?
Where do I go for suspected wound infection (not surgeon but I did not have surgery.
Which is better a partial hysterectomy or uterine ablation? →
Why does my vagina burn so much when I have sex with my husband? it only burns when I’m lying on my back or doggie style.
Worried about lung cancer. Up back pain over 1 year now. Had chest CT 8 months ago, it was ok. 3 mris of throat ok. Some cervical stenosis. Worried?
2 years ago I had lyme ab screen mildly elevevated but western blot all non-reactive. now im testing pos for igm 23 and igm 41. What does this mean?
6mm ground glass ill defined upper left lung what percentage that it is not cancer I am getting another CT scan in December.
4 5 days I feel pressure and pain in the front lob part of the head. I feel dizzy. I thought it was just a cold. Ibuprofen was worn. Do I have sinusitis?
8 month old looks to the side or looks up and after a couple of seconds shake his head and fusses. is that normal or abscess seizers?
2 weeks of big toe pain now in knee/whiche.Dix uric acid 465.2umol/L. Why is voltaren (diclofenac) helps but Why is it not going away?
2 bfn (urine test). Is it too early to get a bfp?
2 periods in 1 month am I pregnant?
5 days late of period took Plan B emergency contraceptive 5 days before expected period went through 3 pregnect test all negative am I pregnant?
36 M with clean heart echo stress and lipids. no risk factors. pain in the lower back and localized pain in upper left chest for 9 mths.
36 weeks and doctor said she felt baby’s head from the vagina is labor close?
21 year old female sexually active have an increase in appetite stay hungrig and more intestinal movements what could be wrong?
34 year old male. Graying hair. Has been stressful last year of change in life. Does stress affect this in men?
24yo f find myself sweating on face and upper body feeling so hot while doing simple tasks lasts for a few hours.
Can 15 million sperm be a father? →
26 yo m with a history of progressive venous insufficiency failed one year of conservative management + family hx. Is delaying surgery a good idea?
32 weeks pregnant. headache strange leg weakness.
