How many hours after drinking an antibiotic can I be drinking alcohol?
I am overweight (192.9) for my age ( 39)?
Aspirin allergy – is it worth getting a bracelette?
At a doctor’s visit, I hit my head against a box on the wall containing dangerous materials (used syrings, used needles...).
Been on antibiotics 4 5wks top high tooth dentist cld not get needle 2 froze 2 extract in rubber really hurt she said its tissues hve 2 go bk?
Can Adderall (dextroamphetamine and racemic ampethamine) cause ear pressure and slight headaches at the end of the day?
Can aorta coarctation cause poor growth in height?
Can doxycyclin treat an ear infection? -
Can vinegar help drain the sinus? I’ve been eating balsamic vinegar dressing with my salads and I feel they draining is that normal??
Could chiari malformation cause hypofysical problems or diabetes insipidus?
Could homeophy help for acne?
Could this medicine cause anxiety in a 12-year-old?
Could you tell me why my husband has been sweating and vomiting following injecting 30 units of lantis insulin?
Does age increase the severity and severity of eds symptoms?
Does dermonu function for acne scars?
Extension from my last question. there is vaginal discharge too so that I am ovulating. can that cause the swelling?
I have had 3 panic attacks with in the past couple of months that has left me a bit anxious and was wondering if it is that?
Have neck/back problems for months and had muscle cramps in calves. Stressed. Have (anxiety) BP is somewhat healthy. Yesterday felt tingly on both hands & shaky. In 20s.. Now it's off & on. Any ideas?
Hi, I have had an ultra sound of the testicles and the inguinal area. No trace of hernia or adenopthy. The results came again completely normal. My doctor looked at it and felt it twice. He said it is definitely not a hernie and it is just slightly big
How can someone’s happiness level affect someone’S health?
How common is it to have physical anxious symptoms without feeling anxious?
How do adds and ADHD differ
How do I know if I am depressed and anxiety?
How long does it take to break out herpes?
How many tylenol (acetaminophen) 3s are equal to a percocet?
How much time off work do I get after an ACL reconstruction? -
How should the drug methotrexate affect the body’s cells regarding the treatment of arthritis?
How to deal with a childhood acting person?
How do I tell you what I have an allergic reaction to?
I am currently on minocin (minocycline) for treating my acne but I think I’m getting itchy hives?
If I had hepatitis A, does that mean I can’t drink alcohol for a certain number of weeks afterwards?
I get one or two acne errupting every month.How do I prevent them?So the acne leaves scars on my skin.
I got my period twice within 3 weeks, for the second time within 4 months, I have not been stressed or changed my exercise plan or diet recently.
I had arthroscopic surgery on my left knee almost a month ago but it seems to be filled up with synovial fluid, shoulde I go back to work or wait until I see the doctor?
I have tinea versicolor in the testicles and tip of the penis. It gets itchy and dry. The doctor sent me a salicylic acid wash. Makes sense?
I am 16 and my left testicle began to have somewhat severe pain in it, it hurt more than extremely when I walk and it hits my pants I can’t drive help?
I am taking anxiety and depression medication to avoid panic attacks mainly and avoid er. Can I take more than 0.5 if I feel panic and 0.5 mg doesn’t work?
Is 4 mg intuniv & 2mgrisperdal too much for a 5 1/2 yr older, im worried..His neurologist prescribed for pddnos & adhd?
Is Aloe Vera juice good for hypertensive?
Are fecal bacteria really unhealthy compared with other bacteria when you are pregnant?
Is hypno-terapy dangerous?
Is it normal to have nausea or loss of appetite when in your period?
My child has low alkaline phosphatease levels on his laboratory results.
My husband has chronic swelling w/ no rashes/hives.He has seen an allergist, dermatologist, acupunctureist, and therapist.
My six-year-old daughter has been on antibiotics over 48 hours and started running a fever over 101 and she says her headaches. Should I take her back in? given antibiotics for sinus infection but has been getting stuff up when coughing.
Q. Hi, I am almost 12 weeks pregnant and my food had tiny particles of plastic (for error) so I am worried; in case I accidentally swallowed some : (?
How can I get a more masculin voice?
Since I was a child my joints have always clicked but over the years it’s got very painful special when it rains or I’m cold?
Treated for PID caused by BV only with one dose of asythromyacin and injection of antibiotics.
What are the causes for perianal abscess? →
What does a doctor do in externsl chronic anal fissure and pls tell me the process of sugery of chronic anale fissures outside my anal there is one small?
What do you recommend to treat a cut back longitudinal ligament?
What is this medicine usus for?My mother is a diabetic patient, is this medication useful?Thank you in advance
What is the cleanest/safe SSRI for general stress-induced anxiousness?
What is the definition or describe of: activity modification? (more...)
What is a type 1 shell fish allergy?
What should I do if I have an allergy of snoring when I wake up experience tell me what type of disease or allergy it is?
What specific exercises would help borsitis of the suprapatellar? -
What to do if I have hypertension, depresies of lost love, completely broken.
What hormones are responsible for giving you a masculine character on your face?
Which treatment works best and fastest for aortic Regurgitation?
Why does my arm always fall asleep? like to the point where I can’t move it at all
Why do I have white pigmentation skin color around my anus and extreme swelling and blisters around the anus and anal cleft?
Will taking birth control pills for the treatment of dysmenorrhea affect my fertility later when married?
35 year old woman no heart problems, sharp pain in chest/heart. only last a minute. hits anytime driving sitting takes my breath away, happening more?
A doctor prescribed voren soup 12.5mg for my 3-year-old boy for fever. Is voren used for post-op inflammatn?
After having sex with hubby I noticed a slight fresh blood and burning sensation and urge to urinate.
After two weeks of oral surgery, my cheek is still swollen and i feel hard lungs on the lower part. It also swells outside.
Always use birth control, always use condoms with spermicide, always draw out with condom, but my period is late.
Any reliable blood tests for ovarian cancer? →
Have I had a lot of chest pain recently especially when I sit in certain positions?
Being having this tenderness and pain in my breast for almost weeks....not pregnant too.
Borderline changes to Brain MRI in 1 yr being mentioned to a neuroradiologist does this mean something sinister? -
Both arms no chest pain just a lil dizzy. And a little heart burns I have gastritis and back arthritis.
Brain epidermoid, is it the same as a meningioma cancer the difference between the two 3cm brain stem / 8cm front lob?
Bright red blood on TP after first wipe after BM; then other wipe no more blood. I drink way to a lot of pop and very little water...if that matters.
C4-5 right uncovertebral osteophyte/disc bulge complex broad disk bulge right neural foraminal stenosis and abutment of ventral cervical cord.
Can a menstrual blood clot travel to the heart or lungs like other blood clots can.
Can Celiac Disease mimic MS even after being treated with a strict gluten free diet? could my untreated Celiac have caused my brain injury?
Can fibroadenomes turn into breast cancer? -
Can kidney polystitis be cured?
Can one get rid of type 2 diabetes by excercise and a good diet? -
Can you please tell me why it is imperative to promote healthy eating for children and young people? -
Can you tell me how an echocardiography is performed?
Can you tell me the names of health care institutions or pharmacies well known for composing voriconazole 1% eye drops solution?
Could my sinus allergy make it hard to breathe?
Could the symptoms of caffeine overdose remain for more than 2 months, even if we already stop the intake of cafeine?
Could walking on a soft matrix contribute to bowleggedness?
Dear Dr, feeling in my eyes lights are too bright feel dirty with very painful sides of neck front and tight jaw nod in back neck sleep apnea 6 weeks?
Does anyone know what to do with a child around 13 years who suffers from serious anxiety?
Does anything during pregnancy causate esophageal athesia?
Does breastfeeding only on one side alter a woman’s risk of breast cancer in the non-successed breast?My son had a preference so I nursed on the left.
Does cut on the lip turn into white bumb?
Does flax seed oil, about 3 grams a day as prescribed by my oftalmologist interact with ortho trip cyclen or other birth control pills?
Does the ‘open’ reduction with intramedulary nailing of the tibial shaft fracture cause muscle weakness and slow bone healing due to soft tissue damage?
Does stress cause hematospermia?
Does the herb kalawalla (polypodium Leucotamos) actually work for autoimmune disorders?
Does vitamin D get in shot form?
Ejection fraction of gb very low. Diet stripped down to lean meat, fruit, vegetables. Reflux in the throat that is constant but varies in intensity. Related?
Female.Mom is 150cm and dad is 156cm. I was wondering if I can be at least 160-165cm high?
I got high level of hb and doctor advised me to repeat the fbc test in April 2014 again.Now I got 17.6% hemoglobin level wht food u recommend, names plz?
I got a period after 4mo and it lasted 11 days,which never happens.I’ve been experiencing dull uncomfortable on/off pain by my uterus.What could this be?
Have a itchy rash after 4 days of biaxin (clarithromycin) I have taken this before and was fine.
Have had hard cysts on my scalp for quite a very long now. They grew from 1 to about 8 to 9 now. Out of which 3 have grown a little big. They are painless but is uncomfortable while brushing my hair. Although that’s not my main concern. Have been treated
Havent had my period sn a year I was using herion and had got myself help now I wonder when will I start my period?
Have pain up and down left leg and left foot. I’ve been keeping it elevated all day. I hope it’s not a blood clot. I also took three Bayer aspirin.?
Having a blood test for neurological reasons, can it detect pregnancy.
Hello I’m using neutrogens from 15 days..Acne is not leaving what to do?
Hello I have back spasms that flare up every now and then. I have done heat and ice rotate. Tried naproxen looked at my diet and took vitamins?
Hey so I just had a strip throat and if I wash all my leaves like they are contagious to my family if they use the same blanket I used when I was sick
Hi dr I am 33 years old mamarried have 3 kids my height is 173 cm my weight is 100 pounds. my normal weight according to age must be 75 how to get it.
How accurate are the diabetic test that test your 3 month blood sugar?
How can a person know if he has chronic fatigue syndrome? -
How can a pregnant woman on beds avoid atrophy and blood clots? -
How can I get myself to have normal daily bowel movements when I’m constipated and have not had a normal BMI in almost a month?
How can I get rid from the pain in my leg?
How can you cure chronic knee bursit?
How common is it for someone to get cubital tunnel syndrome? -
How does a doughnut break down in the digestive system if it essentially has no nutrients?
How do you know the days you ovulate if your period changes every month and how do I increase my chance of getting pregnant?
How effective are punctal plugs for treating dry eyes after lasik?I am close to 1 year post op and artistic tears are not helping.
How long would one with cancer live? →
How many molds of my teeth would an ortodontist get before I receive braces? -
HSV 1+2 Serum test resut- 1.77 & HSV Type 1 + 2 PCR DNA result NegativeH. Can not understand the difference between two results.
Hymenal ring remnant...what is it and how can you fix it? →
Hysterosalpingography can you tell me about this? -
I am 24 years old and breastfeeding my 9 months daughter Can I make mammogram as last result 2 years ago was fibro cysts in the left breast Should I worry?
I am 35 weeks and 6 days pregnant and have been leaking a lot of clear liquid from my breast and also getting bad stretching pain in my stomach?
I am 44 and my breast and nails are tender what could it be?
I am noticing little red bumbs on the skin near my labia? - I am not noticing a little red bul
I’m on penicillin for about a month now, a week ago I started seeing my period but in the afternoon it stopped.
I fast 16 hours eat 8. but for 8 hours I eat three meals. so should I keep my meals together so I don’t start fasting or can they be spread out?
If global temperatures increase, is malaria going to spread to other areas?
If I don’t have the egg white cervical musus I’m still ovulation?
If I use 4 tylenol (acetaminophen) 3 and 0.50mg Xanax would it be as dangerous to use lsd and mdma a few hours later as it would only be mixing lsd & mdma?
If the mass I have between my ribs is cancer, would it do anything on an abnormal CBC and at about what stage?
If you felt a mass in the breast for more than 4 yrs now should I be worried? -
If your baby has already fallen, does it automatically mean your close to having the baby?
I got electrocuted I was replacing a wire on my car and I accidentally touched it wth a screwdriver and got shocked I felt it goes up my armswillibe ok?
I had 2 chest x rays done 2 different times with portable mechina I saw the image but didn’t see the ribs just the lungs is that possible.
I had implant removed and now have Evelyn for the combined pill. I had a few months normal but now bleed when wipe & shouldn’t be.
I had medial epicondylar release/ ulnar nerve decompression 5/9/14. When I awoke up from it I had a pain in the throat still have a pain?
I had my meniscus repaired last week I’m not supposed to be weighing on this leg. I lost my balance and caught myself using this leg briefly,am I’d ok?
I had unprotected sex 2 weeks ago, I started getting a brown discharge but I had started yet.
I have a black scar in my eye that I can see when I look at something that’s a light color. it’s been there for 2 months.
I have a bruise circling an insect bite, is this common?
I have a bug bite and it continues to get worse. what do you recommend?
I have a burning feeling on the top of my breast after 2 days of having breast enlargement, is this normal?
I have a full thickness tear/rupture of the flexor hallucis tendon after bunion surgery 3 months ago. it is retracted 2.5 cm. and I cannot bend big neck downward. What are long-term possible problems without the ability of my big necks to push downward, to provide
I have a lump on the back of my head. It is above the hairline in the middle. It’s hard and unmovable. It doesn’t pain. Should I be cocerned?
I have a painful pain inside my nose, it is red and rough. my nose is very dry too. what is it and how do I treat it? it won’t go away and it hurts.
I have a possible scaphoid wrist fracture. how can I tell without going to the hospital?
I have arthritis in my knees and lower back. Normally when I get out of the bed they are stiff. My hips are acney and stiff if I lay on my back at night?
I have a warm and irritated urethas and clitoris recently I have to urinate a lot. I think I have an UTI or a yeast infection. Can you cure your own UTI?
I have been eating 1200-1300 cal. (most days) and exercising 5x/wk. I eat more on weekdays but maintain my weight. but this week I gained 2.5 lbs! I have had stress and constipation.
I have been experiencing abdominal pain, diarrhea after meals, tiredness and occasionally bloodshed.
I’ve been taking my birth control Amethia for 3 months but Wednesday I took it two hours larger then I would usually.
I have l5-s1 light bulging disk. One doc told me that I should quit squash for good and another doc said I can play back within 3 months.
I have membranous nephropathy and I see a nephrologist. can the disease ever go away or I am most sure to eventually be on dialysis one day.
I have microalbumin urine 343.2 ug/ml, microalb/creat Ratio, random urine 402.3 mg/g creat, no DM, no HT, is this serious?
I have pain in the lower right jawline, and also feel swelling under it. I must also say you m on the provisional diagnosis of Bechet disease?
I have these painful sores on my stomach, and they hurt so badly. I think they may be hot or crushed hair.
I have TMJ em from India I want to ask if it is healable?
I know there are alternatives for penicillin, but why do we not use the others?
I am 33 smoking stomach inflammation gastritis I had an abortion 11 yrs ago, I can’t get pregnant after 10 yrs why??
I am due for my birth control shot on the 24 but I have been having uterus pain on the right side of my uterum I am not sure what it can be?
I broke up my birth control and started a new pack. When I took the first week, I bleered for 3 days. Now I am confused when my period will come again.
I'm really afraid of needles. I've got my blood drawn in a few months for the first time. Can they do something so it won't hurt?
I wonder what is the best birth control.
In my blood tests, I have high levels of triglycerides(234 mg/dl), got (ast )(37.4ui/l), gpt (alt)(59.3ui/L), gamma-gt (52.3ui / l).
Is it normal. for your gums to swell when yours on your period?
Is it normal to have a low sexual drive after having three c sections? -
Is it possible for a person to Survive Metastatic Liver Cancer?
Is it possible to have herpes and only have outbreaks in the anus canal and under the tongue but not on the mouth or vagina?
Is it safe to get hysterektomy done before angioplasty?
Is it safe to take a probiotic while breastfeeding?
I started swelling and it smelled and taste like rooted eggs with symptoms of diarrhea water vomiting what looks like red blood and coffee ground
I stepped on a rock that wounded the outside of my foot. 17 days later, swelling and bruising down. discomfort still. Will walking hurt the healing?
Is Candida re-tested after treatment?
Is there a difference between inocitol pills and powder? -
Is there a specific day for teens to sleep?
Is a too high dose of birth control dangers?
I stopped using acutane/isotroin in November. is it safe to have a baby now?
Is uristat (phenazopyridin) a good treatment for a potential UTI?
Is it true that we should not drink pills or a cold water?
I used a over the counter corn pad on my neck that had a sensitive callus and now it has got much worse and swollen.
I have a bench with a barbell, dumbbells, pull up bar, and a treadmil, what are some workouts I could do to gain muscle?
I have had a cold for 1 week. I just stopped antibiotics. I have caught up grey mucus sometimes. Dr is not concerned. Should I take 2nd lot of antibiotics?
I have never had hormonal acne until I started tilia fe b.C. 4 months ago. it is supposed to treat acne. Should I give it time or switch b.cs?
I was diagnosed with chlamydia on 9/29/2015. Treated the same day. Tested on 11/16/2015, came positive. I have not had sex since the 1st test.
I was prescribed Tripsin+Chymotripsin for dental treatment for 3 days. Can I continue these combinations for a long period?
I was taking amoxicillin for dental problems. On the second day I started having full bladder with difficulty urinating and clear discharge symptoms.
I was zip lining and at the end of the zip line was a block of about 50 pounds. I was going about 30 mph and slammed my helmet in it. Now it’s purple and swollen. What should I do?
Just looked in the right side of the nose. very red and swollen. hurts to sniff or touch outside of the nos. its big like a polyp. Have clear discharge. Whatisit?
Just saw marble size black lump in bm. thought possibly just food so poked at it w/latex glove. Def not food, it’s poo. red blood recently too. already did ibd workup (neg). Temp 99.5 for a month.
L/4, l/5 laminect foot pain 1 year later, foot doc says normal, neurologist says s/1 caus, ortho surgeon says MRI good, neurosur says nerve itself What is the reason?
Recently when I get scared or stalled, I feel the blood pump down my legs and then my leges start to really hurt.
The legs are always cold even when I am sweating bad and the feet and legs go numb.
My 6mo old grandmother has a pink round spot on each thigh in the same place. My sister is worried it’s ring worm. It doesn’t bother the baby any.
My 7 yr positive again for strep and I’m leaving towards pandas. I was prescribed clindamycin 75 mg/5ml. Is this the right antibiotics?
My bf finged me possibly sperm on his hands. his fingr was dry and all he did was wipe his penis wi/ a ppr twl. We don’t think any got on his handspreg?
My complete blood picture results note is rbcs show hypochromia and microcytosis if I see a doctor or not?
Is there any tests that could show the likelihood of my potential children developing the same problems?
My friend thinks she’s fat but she’m really not and she’ll stick out toolow calories and if she eats something bad she burns the calories of by excercating?
My girlfriend has AIDS and we had unprotected sex because she said that birth control protected me, right?
My girlfriend woke up with a bruise at the end of her chin this morning. She never had it when she went to bed and never pumped it.
My mum warfarin INR level has been fluctuating at an alarmering level recently for no apparent reason?
My pain medication is making me sleepy and groggi, but I have to work.
My period was black and sticky but is not smelling although have been having irregular months for two years now?
My recent blood test INR 1.12 APTT ratio 1.12 Beta-2 Microglobulin 1.50mg/L are they ok?
My son has a hemorrhoid and he is getting thin stomach and slight diarrhea is that from the hemorrhoids?
My son’s adult front tooth is very pointed.Why is that?
My toenails are a yellow tone and has turned into a bump on my nail i was wondering what I could do.
Painful scar tissue left under atypical mole removal spot on the calf. sharp, deep pain. dermatologist recommended plastic surgeon. what will happen?
Panic attack after smoked weed. is this normal?
Please explain what it means to be a “prominent nose”?
What is the survival rate of maligne meningioma?
Please give advice on discontinuing hctz (hydrochlorothiazide) after developing petechiae on my armies. I have been taking hcts (hydchlorothia) for 3 months and this just started.
Question on a discharge – slimey and midcycle?
Quick question about ketone test strips. if they are kind of pinkish before I use them are they wrong?
Recently I had bacterial vaginosis and a yeast infection. still think I have bv- treated with metronidazole + fluconazole, discharge white.
Rectal bleeding after fissure op. Surgon found 1 big hemorrhoid and some little. Binding done for big one. Foul smell & bleeding persistent. What is it?
School paper: how does a disciplinary and or criminal records affect the ability to get into professional school/medical school? (more...)
Skin sticking out under the tongue. is this normal?
So can two women get a child of their own.
So, I have this itchy dark brown mole on my hip, it’s a sort of red around the edges, I don’t know what’s causing it.
Stubbed left pinkie neck a few hours ago. pretty painful. now it swollen and there is a lump on the right side of the neck and it hurt.
Suggest me ways for late discharges during sex male age 42 yrs?
Supposing that cancer has spread from an origins, is that secondary cancer treated differently? -
The cause of my first pregnancy miscarriage seemed to b a blood bag above my baby at 6 1/2 weeks.
Ways to get bilirubine down like blue lights, etc.
Crying blisters ontop of foot, red toes...look terrible.
What amount of niacin flush should i take to clean my system free of thc?
What are my chances of getting pregnant if my boyfriend pulled out, but then put his fingers and penis back into my vagina with sperm...
What are some non-medical stuff I can do to help my asthma?
What are the chances of surviving after a stomach cancer diagnosis? -
What are the five most common emergencies surgeries in American teen girls?
What are those tiny white bumps on the tip of the tongue? can I spread it to my baby?
What blood sugar levels are considered normal for people with type 2 diabetic?
What can cause neck vessels to become engorged and distended episodically that improves greatly with daily replacement doses (20mg) of hydrocortison?
What can I do about low back pain, and stiffness during and after bending?
What can I do to increase my chances of getting pregnant? I also did medical avorted 5 months ago. I use the ovulation kit and no results.
What causes hunger one hour after meals with upper abdominal pains and burning sensation?
What causes these blisters under your tongue? -
What can I do to make my breath bigger naturally?
What does a physician do during cancer treatment?
What does a f2 bone cyst on my spin mean?
What exactly is the fastest method to burn off stomach fat?
What happens with fetal heart ultrasounds?
What happens to a person at a end who has pancreatic cancer?
What increases the blood coagulation.
What is the best position of a fetus in the seventh month?
What is cervical cancer a risk factor?
What is done about migraine caused by temperature changes?
What is liver failures and how is it treated?
What is the definition or describe of: diclofenac?
What is the difference between catatony and “emotional unavailability”?
What is a good way to address the back pain?
What should I do if I have counted 25 cancer sores in my mouth, which are extremely painful, can you help me find out what to reduce the pain?
What if I have an archwire that is not connected to one bracket of damon braces?
What to do if I have a very flat butt. it almost doesn’t exist. what are some tips/exercises that could give me a nice bust?
What to do if there is blood in the stool?
What treatment would you recommend for demodex folliculorum infestation? it appeared at the base of the nose and spread down.
What would a spider bits on the tongue look like? -
What would cause the white tip of the uvula?Sore throat in the morning, but goes away.
When after you concieve your nipples can start swelling?
When can I give my babies the poultry and meat they are now 8 months old?
When should I use an ovulation testing? morning, afternoon or night?
Why does/will wearing a abdominal binder raise my blood pressure? both diastolic and systolic increased by 10 points, pushing me into hypertensive range 135/105
Why do I have chest wall pain, and hard breathing long after workouts?
Why don’t you use a non rebreather on a pt that is hyperventilating due to anxiety?
Why do my chest hurt when stretching and hotting plus sneezing?
Why is my period blood dark brown, ceased after 4 hrs. Is this a period? -
Would 3 normal u/s and 5 low d-dimers over the course of 4 week rule out dvt? even though leg pain is still there? No redness or swelling.
Would there be symptoms if the vertebrae in the neck collapsed?
2yr old dry skin above the lips and top lips irritated and or dry. regular cetaphyl atopic stings. is it ok to put vaseline? it is red, irritated. other?
All suddenly my ears stopped producing ear wax. what could be the cause?
Anyone has any dietary suggestions for a 10-year-old with gastritis?
A recent CT scan with contrast revealed two cysts on the pancreas. what does this mean? previous colon cancer and has esld. Also 6mm mass on the liver.
Are there any serious after-effets of a heroin overdose? -
A while ago I developed a white clumpy discharge, itching, small bumps, and a bizarre smell. I am six months pregnant, and I don’t have a STD.
Can allergies to toothpaste ingredients cause diarrhea and stomach pain?
Can a pedigree help you track a condition that is autosomal dominant or autosomally recessive?
Can a person be allergic to feverise plug ins?
Can a urine test demonstrate you have kidney stones?
Can cognitive behavioral Therapy help someone quit smoking? -
Can contact dermatit cause scarring?
Can I drink coffee to avoid headaches?
Can I have a glass of wine while taking metylprednisolone for poison ivy? - I can have a bottle of wine when taking
Can sleep apnea cause memory loss? and negative thinking? I have been diagnosed with sleep apnea but I am not sure how long I have it.
Can taking DEPO shot make you irritable? is it normal to have brown shedding while on it, but no period so far? it has been 22 days.
Can you do surgery13 weeks after initial injury to repair ulna&radius broken mid shaft showed poor bone healing&appears to be healing “bowed” (bad angle?
Can you tell me about a most common genetic disorder.
Cold worse after 10 days. Symptoms: phlegm, shorter breath, chest pain. eyelids sealed by mucus at night. is it more than a cold?
Can ovarian cysts expand during ovulation?
Cut my finger about 10 hours ago. it looked deep quickly cleaned and dressed it, now you can hardly tell me I cut it. is it possible to heal this quickly?
Does Adderall (dextroamphetamine, and racemic amphetamine) make the eyes swelling?
Does anyone get blood cancer?
Does chronic laxative use lead in bacterial imbalance in the intestine??
Do people who suffer from a degraded cognitive as a result of a brain tumor recover their faculty?
Do you think there will ever be a cure for herpes? or are people already trying to find a cue? do you think it is a chance to find an cure?
The effects of drinking alcohol on body fat?
One eye became mildly red with clear mucus, the next day the mucus was yellow with eye irritation.
Flu like symptoms for about 3 weeks. now symptoms are gone. have been having coughing fits now for 1 week chest is really hurting.
For people with arthritis, is it painful for pop knocks, like hand knocles?
For the first time a lot of clear colorless odorless liquid gushed out of the vagina 2 days after sex with my partner of 2 years.
Had Yellow stool for almost 4 months with no other symptoms, it turned to dark green 3 days ago, no iron supplements Should I worry?
Have water fluid on feet and legs pretty bad, already on water pills....have a hard time sleeping and fine it hard to walk... Should I go to the era?
Hello docks, is atherectomy better that stent procedure?
I have bloodly discharge and a little pain in my lower stomach and back. when I wipe after peeing I can see it and sometimes its mucus like.
He touched my vulva nd clit with his fingers nd I’m not sure if he had ejaculation or not. That was on the 9th day of a regular 28 day period.
Hi. I have been having ear pain in my right ear, it started on Thursday maybe and it just keeps hurting.
How are baby and adult cartilage different? -
How can I deal with anguish without medication?
How can I cure a third degree burn.
How can I assist a depressed friend.
How can I improve my posture? I have at least 4 inches of head ahead tilt from rounded shoulders. Remember just to stand up straight, no.
How can I stop my hand getting dry and dry?
How can you tell the difference between hemorrhoids and colon cancer? although the symptoms are very similar, what are the major differences?
How do so many medical doctors not believe that adrenal fatigue is a real problem?
How do I calculate the number of days that my period lasts?It flows for as much as 6 days, but on the 7th day it drops just little like spotting.
How can I stop my cold pain from peeling?When a cold pain peels it is supposed to bleed?
How do you know the difference among diverticulitis and colitis?
How do you know when you are undergoed respiratory depression?
How many hours does it take to get food poisoned with ice cream?
How many mg of potassium do I need daily from a regular Diet to be healthy?
How much water should a 60lb 10 year old child consume daily?We were told at least 64oz, but this seems too much for her to drink.
How to react to l1-5 bulged discs a significant pain?
How would doctors recommend I treat headaches or migraines?
I can’t see in the dark as others can?Do I need carrots or vitamin A?
I didn’t get my period for 2 months early this year. I consulted an OBGyne who is a friend of my brother. I also consulted her since I’ve been having brown discharge and I was alarmed. She said I might have PCOS. She advised me to take Provera 10mg
I eat vegetable curry daily (different types) every meal.Is this counting towards my 5 a day and is this a healthy way of eating vegetables?
If 5th old baby has mrsa (the skin disease that causes boils) the doctor gave her medicine but what soap to wash her with?
If I have a 33 day cycle and I start chlomid on days 5-9 when should I have sex?
If I have sex the day before ovulation when would I conceive?
I’m fine, but I have diarrhea every day and can’t seem to find a right diet for me!
I had water in my ear so I used ear drops for swimmers ears. now I can’t hear and the drops are stuck in my ears
I have a flu with dry cough and in the morning it is phlem. What cough syrup would be suitable? Also consider and probably a UTI so getting that checked.
I have a headache, dizziness and blurred vision and I just got into a fender bender, if I am worried, and what is this a sign of?
I have a terrible headache, what should I do?
I take proventil (albuterol) but I still have breathing problems—what can I do for this?
Would a CT of the head and an MRI with contrast of brain detects blockages in arteries?
I have had bad stomach cramp with a few diarrhoea for the past few days. is it a ulcer or flu?
I just had loop excision of the cervical. what should I expect from the histology report?
I just bingo on chocolate, but should I not eat the rest of the day in order to keep my calorie intake controlled?
I am a teenager who is not sexually active, and recently I started to get pain when peeling just after ejaculating. It occurs right when I start peeling then after that initial pain I can pee normally?
I’m experiencing frequent throat clearing since using ozone air generator...My gurou calls it a healing reaction...What are your thoughts?
I'm on the Depo-Provera shot. not sexually active. when I wake up and stand up I have a rush of clear discharge. is this normal?
I am over 30 and I have acne only on my jaw line what can I do for it, and could my husband whiskers irritate and cause acne?
I’m snowed in and on the 4th day of an extreme pain in the throat, cough and possible fever. swallowing is very painful, and the cough is constant tickle?
In a mental health program im on pass and I once again used opiates, my addiction to them is to be strong and don’t know how to tell doc?
Do I need to know if there is more than a type of acondroplasia?
Is a cbct or a X-ray good enough for a dentist to know if there is a need for a sinus lift in prep for dentist implants (I’d go for a ccct anyway)?
Is hashimotos goitre always going to exist, or is this condition reversible?
Is it contraindicated to insert a urinary catheter into a patient who has a myocardial infarction? -
Is it normal for the area where your stitches are hard?
Is it possible to buy some ilosone (eritromycin estolate) without prescription? -
I splashed raw chicken juice in my eye last night with the contacts in. My eye is fine if I throw away my contact?
Is Salmonella a type of infectial disease?
Is there a formal diagnosis for hyper sensitivity to clothing?
Is there a link among dry eyes and dry lips.
Is there a medicine to control my anger?
Is there any interaction between drinking soy milk and taking acutane? can I drink it when I am on acutana?
Is there something wrong if your cum and discharge come out brown?
Is the use of an electronic programable stationary bicycle set for a moderate pace as beneficial to the heart as taking a moderately paced walk?
I take Yaz (drospirenone and ethinyl estradiol) bc and I missed the last 10 days I had unprotected sex could I be pregnant and could I miss my period the next month from missing pill?
I took 4mg of Suboxone on Tuesday because I ran out of my methadone and was in complete withdrawal... I have a urine test on Monday 5 days later?
I used a condom for sex. I checked for rips and it was fine, no wrinkles. If it does not rip is it pretty sure bet effectiveness against stds?
I’ve never been pregnant so it’s hard for me to distinguish signs and symptoms so could clear/whitish discharge is a early sign...not swelling or burning?
I was at an ENT for another issue and he said my adenoids are pretty swull. I’m 20 years old. Is this normal? I never went back to follow up.
Mild uncovertebral joint hypertrophy c5c6 excentric to right; mild t-spine scoliosis, bilat pars defect l4, foram stenosis at L4l5 - is surgery needed?
My 2 yr old daughter is regressing in speech. She had a seizure in dec. she has behavioral problems (do not listen, acts out, mean, and ignore) why?
My 7 year old suffers from severe seasonal allergies and has been prescription daily doses of antihistamine, can you suggest any natural remedies?
My boyfriends penis turned black and blue under the head of it last night following sex. There is swelling but no pain. It looks like blood blisters? - I think it’s a big guy.
My child is a painful loser. any suggestions?
My grandfather has lung cancer and has it in his heart. he has not been making a lot of sense and has been falling alot. the hospice nurse took him off diuretic meds.About how long does he have?I live in a different state and would like to be there?
My mom is about 75 years old. her BP and sugar r under control. Sometimes her urination frequency increases despite the normal sugar.
On mini pills. 35 day cycle of last menstrual period. 4 days menstruation. 2 days after bleeding ended feeling like I’m ovulating, ache in the lower right.
Please advise if it’s normal or okay if I’m cramping during my fertile days?
Please recommend the best beer to prevent hangover? -
Please tell me what is adrenal disease and what causes these.
Posterior vitreous detachments eye–p.v.d., what is this? →
Radiologist read my pelvic CT scan incorrectly I went into ER for very bad pelvic pain and back aches. They ordered a no contrast CT scanning of pelvis. The first CT scans report read right ovary is greater than left (i don't have a left) with somewhat heterogeneous
Should I use a cream of benzhoyl peroxide or a soap? -
Sir, my mom and I are uncertain if I have herpes or a cold pain any suggestions??
Sometimes I dream when I’m sleeping, but I’ve been awake, and know I’re, but dreaming too.Kinda like hallucinating.
I still have a dry non-productive cough nose stuffed but no fever and occasional head pain what should I do?
In this stage, would a speech therapy assist her?
Do people don’t take aromasin (exemestan)?
What are the best remedies you know to treat a cold pain quickly without scarring?
What are the chances I will eventually get symptoms caused by my wpw? left ventricular connection. asymptomatic, diagnosed during a medical treatment.
What are the treatment choices for frequent urination? →
What can cause me to be lightened/dizzy?
What can I eat before my colonoscopy? they told me clear liquids, but what does that mean? coffee is not clear, but they said I can have that.
What can someone be doing for heart disease? -
What causes a 17-year-old girl to experience pain and also a feeling of bubbles popting above the navel area?
What effects can I expect from velcate (bortezomib) chemotherapy?
What if delayed ejaculation has been due to psychological reasons?
What is a functional heart murm and what precautions should be taken with one?
What is the definition or describe of: hyphema? →
What is the life expectancy for a person with mixed connective tissue disease?
What is the prognosis, and best treatment of DVT with PE?
What is this rare illness called porphyria?
What kind of diseases or disorders could cause both symptoms of hypothyroidism and juvenile idiopathic arthritis?
What could cause a slightly dilated common bile duct if all the other organs look good?
What treatment do you suggest me to treat endometrium and ovarian cysts?
When after a flight can a deep vein thrombosis occur?
When do you need to seek medical help with MRSA it is red swollen and hurt been kinda sleepy recently and nausea I am a diabetic sugar has been high?
When I eat food my throat tightens badly, seemingly from being twisted by a motority disorder. I also get chain spasms and chest pain. No acid reflux.
When is it needed to drink salt water?
Does cooking in coconut oil add or affect the levels of cholesterol and triglycerides?
What parts of the body can be donated after you are dying?
Why is it every time I eat my upper stomach above my stomach button is always bloated and full??
Why should I take part in a MS clinical trial? -
If the 176 RA IgM factor was considered a low positive for the rheumatoid factor, what would be considered a positive level.
3wks postop GB removal.very nauseous, pain, and headache, getting an ultrasound tomorrow to check for fluids.can this be the cause?
A friend and I were fooling around one night and we are both pretty sure the only thing we did is oral sex...Is there any way I could be pregnant?
Are tissue milder allergies immediate or can they appear a few months following using the milder?
Are there blood tests or ultra sounds to see if you have globus pharyngeus? have what feels like a lump in the throat directly under the chin to the right.
Sometimes it stumbles/strikes me inside my head? is it cause of sleep or cold or something else?
Can a man with impotence or erectile dysfunctions ejaculate during sleep and have night emissions?
Can anyone cure from solar maculopathia?
I have started taking 100mg gabapentin daily for 4 days and trimethoprim 200mg twenty times a day.
Can a milk allergy cause circles form under the eyes?
Can weight lifting lower your immune system? started yesterday for the first time in 7 months and the next day got a cold pain on the lips
Can you give me suggestions about good abdominal workout? -
Can you use emla (lidocaine) cream during the tattoo process?
Can you get bird flu from a birds flying into your house?
Daily meth use for about 6-7 months. the best way to gain back weight, muscle and fat.
Dysiness and light headed, which can cause this?
Doctor, what is the average sperm volume of men in ml?My husband is 2ml.Is it too low volume?What is the mean?
Does diuretics remove your appetite and make you feel unstay when you walk or stand up?
Do doctors have to make a biopsy to see if I have vaginal eczem or just a pelvic examination?
Does muscle tension from antipsychotics go away after they are stopped?Do all other side effects go away or is the brain reversed retaining effects?
The effect of healthy food and junk food, and what are those nutritious foods,? and the impact of junk Food, thank you
Excessive hair growth for a woman? how much is too much?
Feeling nausea a week before my period and on BC normal?
For the past few months, around the same time every month I get moody, irritating, bloated, fatigue cramps. These symptoms go on for about a week.
I have to freeze eggs at 24-25 year old.
Has anyone studied the positive or negative of spanking?
I want to know what are side effects of taking tesboosters at age 16?
Hey my ferritin level is 14.8 ng/ml... do I need to take iron supplements?I look pale and my MCV level is 84.4?
Hi docs, is it true that men are born with both male and female parts.
Hi doctors I am taking Citalopram tablets 20 mg and having cold legs all the time any other medications similar to Citaloprogram side effects is worrying me?
Hi im 18 and I would like to see what I would use or take to get higher?
Hi.I went to a cardiologist,did an ECG that shows st-t changes,did echocardiography and my heart its good but see some breakdown.
How can I deal with bad morning illness?
How can I get the eye to get better? -
How can I get rid of a runny nose, swallowing eyes, nasal congestion and frequent snoring?
How can I make my invertered niples point out?
How can I stop the pain from shaving my faces?
How do I get over my Family issues before leaving for college? -
How high does a cooking temperature have to have to be to kill creutzfeldt-jacob disease?
How likely is a dermoid cyst to be cancer? just had one removed
How long does acute bronkitis last in children?
How much sleep shoulda 13 yr old girl gets a night?Shes very active&is trying to get a flater stomach.She weighs 84lbs&is 4' 11"
How to take care of recurrence of pulmonary edema? →
I have a dull pain at my esophagus. Being burping a lot too. Feel slightly better if I take omeporazale.
I’m struggling to gain a pound, do I have some kind of genetic dysfunction?
I can only go between 1-4 hours without using the bathroom. is there any way I can get it to hold more, what to do? - I can go between 1-2 hours without the bath
If I have an astigmatism, could that be causing daily headaches? I don’t wear glasses but I work on a p.C. All day and a lot of bright lighting.
If I suffer the side effects of the morning after the pill should I assume they worked?
If you have had giardia and had it treated, but your liver enzimes rose what could that be a indication of?
I had mucus in my stools and on my own for 3 weeks and then I suddenly got sickness and diaherrea with fever and now back to mucus when wiping it links?
I have a positive ANA 1:160 Homo pattern & RNP of.3. joint pain, limbic humidity, skin indents stay for hours, bruising.No diagnosis.
I have a twitching feeling and occasional pain that comes and goes in the upper right abdomen right below my right breasts what could this be?
I have had problems every time I eat I go poop and it is yellow and runny and my tummy feels strange in the middle it has I have diabetes
I have been getting headaches for about 2 weeks, feeling really tired and depleted once that never happened before and loss of appetite.
I have endless heartburns throughout the day and it’s making me feel weak daily, while at the same time ruining my appetite.
I have flu. I have no history of heart deaths. my heart rate is a bit higher than normal. is it normal during flu, or is this a concern?
I hit my forehead against the edge of the microwell.Do I have to check it out?
I hurt my foot somehow but I don’t know what’s wrong with it.
I am bleeding from the penis for no reason. what could this be?
I have genital herpes outbreak, usually I take acyclovior. but pharm told me it could affect my ulcer. Any home remedies I can do to dry this up?!
I have recurring eye pain and redness, what could be the causes?
I have sulfur burps all day 3-4 times a week no gall bladder. i eat healthy. what could be causing it?
I am so sick of getting so many pimps! what can I do?
I use Dr.Dnp what are the side effects?
I recently had sex with my husband on my period and he ejaculated inside of me and now I have been having painful cramps in my lower back and stomach.
Is it necessary to get the H1n1 or H5n1 flu shot?
I started my period on Sunday a little but on Monday stopped I have a point. Today is my 7day im feeling as if I am still having my period but only points.
Are there any side effects or bad effects on the body drinking whey protein? -
I think I have what they call bipolar, and I can’t afford therapy.
I have had a recurring yeast infection for years. how can I prevent them from coming back?
I have had eczema on my face since October for the 1st time. could it be from the makeup brush cleaner made of alcohol that I am using or my foundation?
I was told I have served hypothyroidism now my handskeep feeling like they are sleeping my feet hurt really bad and have dry skin on the feet is it thyroid?
I awoke up with eyes crusted closed. what should I do it really hurt?
Just found out that mother-in-law may have tuberculosis after a X-ray. She held our 9-week old baby last week.
My 16 months old son has ethyl malonic aciduria, which kind of fat that harm his health (saturated or monoun saturated fat)?.
My almost 3 months old has been crying during his feeding. almost every feeding time he cries.
My fasting sugar was 136 or 7.5.This is high.So, is this the reason I get vomiting every morning?
My left testicle is lower and horizontal position while the right testicle has higher and vertical position.
My legs become numb to the point where I can’t walk. It happens sometimes when I move quickly or carry something very heavy.
I am thinking of using peppermint oil capsules to calm the ibs, is this a bad idea?
A week ago tonight I threw up several times, no diarrhea or stomach cramps, sleep for the rest of the next day, still no energy!!!
Last few days my eyelids are twitting. what can be the cause? just slight spasm.
People who have had liver transplant due to cirrhosis, are they always developing an aneurysm?
Please help, 27 w/ED for the past year 1/2 started with problems once in a while to now can’t stay erect while masturbating.
Please suggest the best antibiotics for higher wcb and crp. It is due by gall bladder surgery and removed from my daughter?
Please tell me what they can do about acne holes on the face?
Purple fluid filled sack on the scalp grew over several months, popped when scratched. similar skin tag. Worried of cancer. Nothing for doc to check?
Rcently prescribed Lumigan 0.1% IOP concern about burning in the eyes called the Doc and Doc does not take calls.
Every time I take oxycodone, I become very sensitive to sound. A person talking is too loud.
Heavy gastroparesis throw up daily. mostly liquid diet. how do I ensure I’m getting the right nutrients to be as healthy as possible?
Strange or scary Ambie (zolpidem) side effects.
Ultrasound says the liver measures 15.7 cm in length, is that normal size?
Walked somewhere yesterday in skinny jeans. the left testicle began hurt. it hurts when I touch it. never happened before. I am very healthy.
Treated for chlamydia with doxycyline at 2 months after possible exposure, was I able to have asymptomatic PID and not know it from the infection?
It was writing and my fingers got all strange like Charlie's horse and tendons tight.
Watery eyes have been usimg restasis for a month I’ve tried refresh which caused discomfort what eye drops do you recommend to stop the eyes from watering?
What are the side effects of Cyclizine 50mg? →
What are some good lumber stretch exercises?
What are the elements of a healthy exercise routine in pregnancy?
What are the side effects of Zoloft (sertraline)? →
What are the signs that you have a cold?
What can I do about adrenal glands tumor and what are the symptoms?
What can I do to naturally abort a baby? I live in the Philippines and abortion is illegal here. any vitamins that can probably drop the baby? help me
What can I give my 13 teen age pain in the throat?
What does EKG say t wave flat mean?
What does it mean if I have only one partial tear of my pcl? - I have a partial toss of my
What does it mean if some people who are with Gilbert’s syndrome develop anemia?
What does the lymph nodes with echo-gen center mean? What can cause swolling of these types of lymphat nodes.
What do we do if my bf has been w someone w hpv yet? we have not had sex yet. I have had the 3 gardasil shot
What do you suggest if I am 27 I have the problem of sperm ejaculation as soon as I inserts my penis.
What do you suggest if my husband has been prescribed metoprolo to reduce his hearing rate, which was running over 100 bpm?
What inanimate objects do you calm when you see them? -
What is a Multi cystic pancreate?
What is an anti-nucleary antibody test for in immunology? -
What is Micturation?
What is ovulation and When will the female ovulate?
What is the bone spur surgery recovery time?
What is the difference between a gastrointestinal sleeve and the Roux-en-Y operation?
What is the recovery for endoscopical sinus surgery and septoplasty like? -
What tips do you have for designhing an effective workout/nutrition plan?
What to do if I am worried about my 2 year old son being a holter monitor test. I don’t know what to expect.?
What to do if I can’t stop eating fat food?
What to do if I have a problem with my fistulectomy? -
What kind of daily vitamin or mineral should a normal healthy 23-year-old man take?
What would cause T3 (liothyronine) levels to be abnorm, but TSH/T4 are normal?
When does a doctor use a big needle to stick with?
When I close my eyes and so tired (trying to sleep) suddenly random thought comes to my mind like a very fast dream.
When I have my shoes on or off I feel like sand is under the bottom of my feet along with s tinging sensation?
When I was thinking about something that made me feel depressed and out stressed, I felt my heart flutter, what does this mean?
What is better for children to boost their immunity after illness 7sea tablets or minadex multivitamin syrup?
Why do I hott when I eat salt or salty meals?
Why do women with preeclampsia experience nausea and abdominal pain? -
Why is it that some nutrients overpass the liver entirely? -
Why is it whenever I eat meat I get a angry stomach and a lot of bad gas? is this an intolerance? are our bodies really not intended to digest meat?
Why people with runny nos tend to have cracked lips.
Will having lipomas in the lower back affect an epidural or spinal block given prior to having a csection?
Would you say it is scientifically impossible to get the flu from the flu shot? -
21 f on birth control, period started late, period lighter than normal, pain in the stomach that is not normal, was tired much more recently.
26yo F. HIDA scan showed 23% function of gallbladers, no stones. Have had pain for 3 years- should it be removed?
After having sex once I don’t feel like doing it with her again why is it so?
Anal fissure has been bleeding a lot for a week now. started steroid cream treatment a day ago. how long will it continue to bleed a lot?
Any effective home treatment for allergy that I can do?
Are there good OTC remedia for labyrinthitis?
We are both carrier and our first baby has hb e beta thall. We are interested in our 2nd baby.Is there any genetic treatment?
Can AST and ALT levels rise due to a root channel prrocedure?
Can I take B12 shots if i have high blood pressure?
Can I take my antibiotic an hour earlier its penicillin 500mg 1 tablet every 12 hour?
People can be born without color blindness then get when they get older.I know that people with good vision can go bad, is it the same thing? - I know that they can be a good person
Can you test positive for hsv1 and 2? what does the blood test prove if you never had a symptom?
Could a varicoselectomy or an anguinal hernia cause epididymitis? -
Could brushing your teens too hard cause fatal oral diseases?
Could you write me a doctor's certificate so I can resit my music exam. - Jammed my finger, blood blister formed and got so swollen that nail lifted off.
Dads HbA1C was 6.2 at 21/1/2015, he made diabetes diet: Hb A1C is 6.0 at 4/4/2015, can he now check Hba1C again?
Does boiling a Hot Dog Reduce Its Sodium?
Does calcification in thyroidal nodes mean that you have cancer?
Does taking 5 htp help reduce the hormone adrenaline in the adrenal glands?
Does Gmos have any effects on Type 1 diabetes?
Do people with testicular cancers feel the pain comes and goes?
Food to treat low alkaline phosphatease?
I had a cyst on my bottom. MRSA. Doc gave me doxycycline for 10 days. Cyst drainated & does not hurt. Finished meds. Is it out of my system?
Have spells where I feel like my foot is going an inch lower than the floor, swiftly dirty but not horrible.
Hi, 3.71 x 4.35cm mixed echogenic weight in the back part of the uterus implies what pls?
Hi there are you able to help.me please Dr. Eric Kelts?I think I have a trapped nerve and its traveling from the bottom of my back down my legs, which I think may be siataca I’m not quite sure but I’s in agony.
How are batteries chosen for putting in pacemakers?
I am a 17 year old girl, weight: 170 lbs and height: about 5 feet
How do I 'force' to grow a beard in a certain area? I want to make a 'goatee' style but all I do have is chin hair and small beard.
How do I talk to the doctor about incontinence? -
How do you contact worms from pets? I saw a few white things in my b.m. but not everyday. how can I get rid of them? what are the symptoms?
How to safely remove a swimmer with a possible headache from the water?
How harmful is a jelly infection if not treated? -
How long after an aneurysm surgery do you have a job?
How long does the implantation bleeding durate? is as heavy as normal periods?
How often should I get my custom orthotics evaluated and replaced & have Flat foot/ 1fallen arch. Advice for 5K run/walker to avoid injury? -
I am 20 years old having 62 kg weight and my heights are 5"6'
How to increase sexual energy?
How to get rid of bellyfat? please provide specifics, i..e type, duration of exercise, etc.
How to make my body fit? I’m always facing problems with my weight gain. what should I do?
I am a pediatric Hodgkin's lymphoma survivor. I have developed horizontal double vision. I am an ophthalmology appt. How worried should I be?
I am thinking of getting a tattoo currently I am on the following medicine.Effient 1 a day temsig 50mg 1/2 day ramipril 2.5 1 a Day aspirin 1/day is it advisable to get a tattoo as I have 2 stents and have had a heart attack in the last 18 months?
I do unprotected sex with a prostitute after 28 days I go to HIV duo test the result is non reactive 0.07 is it conclusive?
If a mother has celiacy, should the daughter be tested.
I feel like my food doesn’t digest and I feel as if I have to constantly throw up?
I had sex today and I have been bleeding kind of heavily since then and I’m not on my period. but my period is not regular either.
I have a pea size bump on top of my wrist. It's kinda hard but also soft when I touch it. It moves with my tendon.
I have a tiny lump on the top left side of my back. I have it for about 2 months now. It’s like a little grey spot. So please help.
I’m DIMPLING ON MY NIPPLE, Currently there’s an irreversible tubal had my last child at least 6 years old, with a couple of painless lights while breast up?
I have a headache please recommend?
I have mild pressure/tighteness on the forehead and face all the time, for 8 years. I feel better only when I bow my head looking at the floor.
I have very high prolactin due to a puritary tumor and I am on antidepressants too.
I hit my head on the car door and have a small bump. 24 hour later I have a bad headache.
I hurt my knee and heard a pop and now it hurt to go up and down stairs and hurt when walking on it or to move it certain ways should I see my doctor?
I just started my period 2 days and just started getin a real bad headache, pain in the throat, body aches & colds.
I am 19, doctor checked cervical, developed abnormal cells, maybe HPV warts, getting more tests, being with boyfriend 2 years can I still have unprotected sex?
I am 24. my cholesterol is 354 and I am class 3 obesity and I now work with a dietist and my doctor. I also have osteoartritis.
I am 27, female. I use hair removal lotion for pubic hair. What can I use to prevent or treat the swelling pimples of when hair grows back?
I am 48 years old and I don’t have frequent erections but I take blood pressure medications plus cialis is there any help for me or is it all in my head?
I am 5–9 160 pounds how do I gain weight fast and healthy in 1 year I want to gain 20 pounds or more?
I am a young MTF and I want to start hormone replacement therapy. is aldactone (spironolactone) 100 mg/day a good choice?
I have bad headaches with cold sweats neck pain and angina and pain behind the eyes
I have gone through too many heart palpitations (heart thump really hard every 2 minutes) I am only 22 years old.
I am not sure if I am pregnant. Took 2 test one + with very weak blue line another -.. fatigue, severe headaches. nausea.. dizziness. but painful help?
I usually wash my hair 1 * week because it’s very dry I take isotretinoin. will have washing it in 9 days instead of 7 make it fall out more?!
Is a four-week negative HIV antibody test/negative PCR test reliable?
Is atheroscleosis hereditary?
Is blood pressure 124/66 OK? my blood pressure is normally 110/74. I’m feeling edgy and wire right now at 2 am.
I shared food with people I don’t know too well, eating from the same plate. Have a cancer pain. Chances of contracting oral/genital herpes?
Is it better to take aspirin in the morning or night to prevent heart attack?
Is it normal for the stomach that increases in size after receiving cpr? -
Is it normal to get a cystocele at the first pregnancy at 27w? not overweight. stand and sit for long periods of time. is there harm to the baby?
Is it safe to sweat my ear in rubbing alcohol (ethyl 70%) daily before putting them in and putting it in right after?
Is mental illness like bipolar hereditary? -
Is fast/hard heartbeat normal followed by adrenaline rush even if in bed it seems random its occurrence more often now its has been occurring for years
Is there a cure for yeast infections because the blood is so thin I have a risk of internal bleeding?
Is there an effective way to determine whether you have caught a venarian disease?
Is this still in healing process or it could be a scar. What should I do? Do I need a check up appointment or I have to wait mo I had treated age spots 2 1/2 weeks ago with liquid nitrogen. The scabbing fell off in 3 days. Now, the treated spots turned
I think I have a bunion that is very painful and it’s too late for me to go to a store. Are there any common household items I can make use to help for now?
Im dishursed because IV was in college for a yr and have completed only half of what most students have done.
It’s hard to work out in winter. I like running outside but too cold and too much snow. Any tips and How to lose weight in winter time?
I’ve been getting swollen red hands mostly in the morning. I noticed that I sleep hard on my hands is this something to be worried about?
I was taking 20mg Prozac (fluoxetine) and increased to 30mg daily this month. Should I take all in the morning or divide at breakfast and lunch. Eventually I plan to move to 40mg daily.
I wear glasses, sometimes I don’t wear them, either way my vision at night time is wrought out then day time, does that mean anything?
Low pottasuim? what number do you have to be? one can I take over-the-counter medicine?
Can I use a tampon one week after a medical abort? I’m finding conflicting information online....
My wife and I have been trying to get a baby from the last few months but getting negative.
Can it happen that a severe infection plus bad nutrition cause hair loss?
My 5 years old daughter had a urine test last week and they found a trace of blood, calcium was 2.4 and creatinine was 3.3, if I was concerned?
My 7th old son fell off the back if a couch and hit his head on the concrete ground.How should I treat the swelling?
Does my back hurt on my right side?
My bm is not solid but not quite loose. looks more like for lack of better word "shredded" the why is this this?
My eyebrows and hair fall a lot and my eyebroses don’t grow back atall or grow really fast. I even used rogaine (minoxidil) to grow my eyebruts &didn’t work.
My vision is bad in one eye its -0.5 and in the other -0.75 how to improve my eye to the normal vision without specs?
My heart rate is normal during the day, but gets faster when I ever sleep why?
My moms uncle and his daughter both had leukemia at 65 and 54 year old. he had aml and she had apl. What would cause this?
Occasionally a blood vessel in my lower leg breaks and it stings, a lump forms that is very painful to the touch and appearance of a bruise.
On the top right side of my head, I have this random pulsing feeling? like someone is tapping their finger on this one small spot.
Painful rash on the right buttock spreading. Causing lymph pain on the grein and overall pain on right side and leg.
Penis extender or jelqing. which is better for enlargement?
Planning a healthy pregnancy with diabetes. what do I need to do and when?
Please tell me what it is called when your back locks up.
severe migraine for a week and deep ear pain too. What causes deep ear illness within migraines?
Should I ask to be put on a Statin at my checkup Tomorrow?My cholesterol was very high and I’m sure it’s still.
Should I get a flu vaccine or are negative side effects?
Should I remove a ball if it is still inside?
Tinnitus 35 yrs. Quiet till breakdown May.Squealing. Up and down.ENT doctor thinks stress is cause.Good sign noises vary so.Treat stress and it will recede?
Was recently diagnosed with crohn's, thinking about switching to a vegetarians lifestyle. is it possible since raw vegetables/salads are a already problem?
What do mecca root pills make ur buttocks grow bigger and if yes why did I lose inches of my hips n butt when I started taking the pills?
What are considered the safest prescription pill for high blood pressure/hypertension? (more...)
What are some of the risks for getting high blood pressure?
What physical factors affect heart rate?
What can you do if you can’t get the contact lens in at all?
What causes a high red blood cell count it is at 19 and ESR is high, TSH 1.25 has never been so low anti-thyroid at 9 was 900 prev?
What causes underdeveloped breasts in a woman with pcos? Current biochemical abnormalities are high LH vit d deficiency, sometimes low estro and prog. Testos normal!
What could increase levels of estrogen do to me?
What do I need to do after trying to conceive for as 8 months now and there is no good result for second child?
What do you suggest if my son has a brain palsy, school has no room for him or lvn for his meds?
What do you suggest if my son was just diagnosed with a heartbeat. he just turned 3 and I thought murmurs were diagnosed at birth.
What foods should be avoiding if you have genital herpes
What happens if HPV goes away on his own, can it still be spread? -
What is Alpha 1 antitrypsin deficiency and what are its effects on the body?
What is overdose magnesium to take through mouth? I took 200 mg Is this too much.
What is the drug for high blood pressure? →
What kind of bacteria or viruses is a semen culture detected or searched for?
What is a heart murmur?
What should I do for early grey hair?
What to do if I’ve had prk done, so while I’m on my recovery stage, should I have my place temperature at a certain level?
What would happen if someone mixed femara with human growth hormones?
When I get heart burn my eyes start burning as well and its very discomfortable.
Which listerin is best for cavities.
Why does my left hip almost every night? I get up scraming with it, it goes from my hip bone around front of my leg and ends at my knee.
Why does my tongues hurt so badly?
Will I still be a baby after a heart attack?
Would a broken scapula take longer to heal than a compounds tib fiber fracture?
After a 3 days of flu (flu) w/ fever took ibuprofen and acetaminophen it has left me with a back burning feeling.
Ana 160:1 with u1rnp 5 u/ml. Other lupus screens negative. pulmonary hypertension, renal failure reverses with bicarbonate (sodium bicarbonat). Can it be mtcd/sjogren?
Anorexic frail and irregular heartbeat.
Any best multivitamin brand that is good for seborrheic dermatitis and candida surgrowth??
Any recommendations for an ointment for hand foot and mouth rash on a 2 year-old? She is energetic but a little uncomfortable with rash at arms/bottom
Any suggestion I got injection benzapenecilin 2400000 and now feel more valuable than before, I got cold?
Are Sympathetic Nerve Blocks effective in calming the sympathetic system that causes angina and migraines?
At night when I use my phone or PC, it becomes somewhat blurry.
Blood pressure is 140/88 and is it a little high.
Bright red spotting & period due in 6days. had lght spottng 4 past yr mid cycle. last month period lasted 12 days. 44 yrs old. worried. hormones?
Can dementia cause ANs dysfunction? if so how?
Can I tell me how can I keep my materialism up when my not eating?
Can laser eye surgery caused pain during the process? -
Can micro dermabration hurt?
Can anyone give me advice I have knee pain (locking) for 5 months now?
Can someone die from an expanded heart on xray?
Can you advise me to translate my MRI results?
Can you call me at 0908 - 0108?
Can you get abdominal adhesions from a laparoscopic bilateral hernia repair?
Can you tell me how advanced is lung/bronchial cancer?
Can Diabetic macular edema be cured with acupuncture?
Does anyone know what can cause severe foot pain in both legs especially at night? -
Does a woman’s virgin swell if she has sex with a man who has prostate issues?
Does chiropractic medication help people with back problems? -
Does excessive masturbation over the long period of time cause back ache?
Does ovarian cancer cause foot swelling and foot swellings?
Does the father or mother carry the height gene for a daughter?
Does using a foam rollers build muscle or relax muscle?
Is weight loss natural during breastfeeding?
My father has psoriasis and psoriatic arthritis, I also have joint pain, does that mean an autoimmune disease will pass on to my son too?
Feeling a little shaky, nausea. not diabetic, but have a glucose meter. meter reads 75mg 3 hours after eating a couple of almond cookies. is this normal?
For what reasons could any surgeon choose a stomach stapling above a lap-band surgery?
Having liver failure, drs cannot pinpoint source; developed ascites. how can I improve my liver and kidney function naturally?
Have a bump on the right side of my vagina stings and itches so bad when I sit down it stings more I had no sex in year what can it b?
Hello I noticed I have a small black point on my rubber the mark takes up the surface area of the very tip of my rubbish tissue.The part looks like a triangle?
How can a DHT blockers affect a female user on birth control?
How can I deal with a gambling addiction?
How can I control my PP sugar level...Fasting is controlled. What extra edges I need to do to control it. I eat meds, walk and eat also controlled?
How can I reduce my triglyceride levels. I had a kidney removed in 2010 and my levels have gone up. I am vegetarian and follow a really healthy diet.
How can I slow hair loss at the middle front of my hair? -
How can you check cholesterol levels? →
How is a medical examination used by the insurance company.
How long does it take for sleeping medications to get out of your system? how long does anesthesia have to get off your system.
How low can hemoglobin be before you need a transfusion? -
How long or how far do I have to ride to lose weight?
How prevalent is low testosterone for men aged 30-50?
How to cure Hernia Discale, what kind of exercises should I do?
How to live if you hate your lives and your too fear to die?
How to lose Tummy Fats?
I am 5/1 and 185 pounds I have hip problems so I don’t exercise what is my waite loss options I am 45 years old?
I am a male 21 yeas of age there is a small painless lump about 1 cm within my groin area this is at the point where my inner thigh connects with my groine?
I am convinced that at this moment Maxalt (rizatriptan) doesn’t work. My head feels so much worse. It hurts to move it, just to walk. Is Maxalt(rizatrptan), not working when PMS?
I believe I have the flu and I have been vomiting, green and yellow. I also has a fever. I am 27.
If I have only 10 minutes to work out, what do I do?
If someone was treated in the past for chlamydia, is there any way for doctors to find out with having to retrieve medical history?
If your number two is harsh and dark what does that mean?
I get very lightheaded quite often. may it be because I am anemic?
I had a low placenta and bled two times big around 1 am. Was that coincidence? - I had low placental and blated tw
I had back surgery 3 years ago and left with numbness in the right leg and hip area. Can this treatment help me?
I had two emblic strokes from endocarditis in 2012 I had unbearable headaches for 3 years 24 hours a day what test would you recommend I have?
I have a hard small lump, under my skin before my trage, also had extremely bad headaches—so bad they wake me in the middle of the night.
I have a lesion on my lower lips since last week and has not healed! I moisturize it to prevent cracking but right now I have smaller bumps on the upper lips!
I have a iron deficiency and I am not diagnosed but I am pretty sure I am anemia. I just want to know if spots of broken blood vessels could be a symptom? (more...)
I have a purple vein on the left side of my penis.It reaches the frontal before disappearing.It just appeared yesterday.What should I do?
I have been seeing my periods every 2 weeks for numerous months, I used to be very regular, and I am a lot heavier please can you help?
I have big boobs and my nipples are not out. my niples come out when I’m cold or when I touch them. Is that normal for my nipbles to pop out?
I have chronic hep C. A Dr I usually don’t see prescribed metronidazole 500 mg for a bacterial infection.
I have had a head cold with congestion, I got a Rx of zpak I, and took the lad dose today but for the last 4 days my left ear has felt clogged, and I have been able to get a R
I have hypothyroidism. recently my extremities are constantly cold and my limbs fall asleep easily.
I have psoriatic arthritis and also have fibromyalgia. the weather seems to have an effect on how much pain I feel.
I have stage 4 chondromalgia in both knees with stable varicose vein in the left knee as well and right paracentral disc protrusion in t8-11 meaning? -
I am 26 and get constant, multiple times a day hot flashes. I sweat very easily and have a major appetite decrease. high anxiety, poor sleep.
I am 42 women with lower back pain what could it become?
I am a female age 29. Have pain by my belly button on and off. More recently have a problem having a bum but only when pain is present.
I’m stressed about being pregnant and my period began to get light and short, could my stress cause this?
I often get cysts in my throat. how can I make them stop?
How many years until my lungs are clear?
Is a fast heartbeat normal following taking methylprednisolone?
Is a two-day period with light cramps normal? I usually have it for 3-4 days with a very bad cramp.
Is cirrhoses of liver cancer?
Is it hydroderm for Jock itch?
Is it possible for a teenager to have really bad stomach acid? it’s got worse and I usually avoid trigger foods but recently even antiacids will help
Is it possible for common antiacids to neutralize the acid that plaque produces, and causes cavities?
Is it possible to cure cataracts without a lens implant but with corrective lens?
Is there a way to lose the lower belly fat and see the abs?
Is vaginal swelling normal during ovulation? -
Is itopride hydrochloride this a helpgul medicine?
It’s only three it doesn’t hurt I might think I’ve had touched something it’s a kind of pink I’m not sure it’m frying me out?
I have had a bilateral neck dissection for thyroid cancer in 2011.My neck has been swollen for 3 years.Do I need to see a lymph nod specialist?
I have had swelling that has reoccurred on my labia majora three times or so, but now I have a redish roundish little pain.
I wear a nightly mouthguard right now, but I was wondering if any damage from bruxism is reversible over time (doe emal healing)?
I workout pretty hard and recently my knee has been clicking when I walk down scenes or try to do any leg exercises.
Just received news I have on old compression fractures causing me pain now what can I do to relieve pain because my doc said nothing they can do?
Recently I have been getting these strange bumps behind my ears and inside my eats.
Feels like something is crawling on them but there’s nothing.
Light headed high fever headaches and body aches. Fever is 103 what could this be and what should he take?.
My 5m old has fever, runny nose, hostage, and diarrhea.
My beard is growing back in, and it is itchy with red bumps. Besides the conditioner, is there anything I can do for the itchy and red bumbs?
My father has a lump on his bicep just slightly after the crease of his forearm. It is no longer like bruise and it never causes him pain but the lump remains?
What happens if she washed her ring with really hot water cuz she’s stressing out about it?
My jaw makes a popping noice when I chew. is this serious?
My lower back is making me feel painful all the time. is there a way to cure this. will play badminton and going for swimming make it worse?
My period is a week early and heavy then usual what could that mean?
My red blood cells stay around 5.6-5.9 all the time. Hemaglobin is always between 16.9-18.0 and hematocrit always between 50-55%.
My stomach is always making rumbling noises, whether or not I have just ate. I never have a lot of gas though.
Okay so I'm on bc and I've had sex (it hurt) I's bleeding brown and my vagina hurt almost itchy but it hurt?
Periodic numbness in the left arm that comes with short chest pain and I gasping for air. All conditions come and go.
Period over 4 days ago. but Period similar (like) tingle and a bit of cramps now. Nothing major. Is this Bcoz of HPV I have? Is it causing pain?
Please help me with fibromyalgia and high anxiety?
Pushups - should hr or BP drop first? for me the hr drops fast but neck still pulsating very hard so is that dangerous to have low hr and high bP?
Side effects of prolicin (fluphenazine)
What insurance covers laser treatment for angiofibromas? best treatments for angiophibromes? laser treatment is ineffective.
What are the contraindications of lasik?
What are the main signes of staph infection? →
What can cause cancer below the eye?
What can I do to a dislocated jaw?
What causes kidney stones? is it in the genes or diet?
What does it mean that you have low ts4? -
What does it mean when all smells and tastes the same?
What if I stretched my hamstring but I can still walk? Something definitely popped in my Hamstring, but I still can walk im a hockey player
What is a good site for answers to dentist problem? Ada or is that just party line? (more...)
What if you get spots on your legs that look like Liver spots but they’re black?
What is the cause of back pain? Lower Right side to the middle. Really annoying. Nothing changes in lifestyle. Have lower abdominal discomfort too
What is the definition or description: Lyme disease vaccine? →
What is the normal temperature for a man?
What is the use of the drug Lovenox (enoxaparin)? →
What should I consider before receiving an intrauterine device? -
What if I have stones in both of my kidneys one is a 7 mm. If I just leave the stones alone they will?
What to do if I am starting to have the 'turkey neck' problem.Do you know of any flex exercises that could help me?
What virus causes the brain to swell?
When I watch my girlfriend bad words/insults come to my mind and I have to replace them with good ones. There are often words in my mind.Can it be OCD?
When should I see a doctor for my granddler's fever?It was around 103 all day and has peaked at 103.7.No other symptoms.
When should someone think about having an artroscopy of the knee? -
When you lose weight when it platoes?
What are the top machines and work outs for cellulitis on the butt and thighs?
Why have I collapsed lungs after heart surgery?
Why are my lips always peeling? what should I use as a good moisturizer? Vaseline and carmax don’t work (of course).
Why do my ears “pop” when I’m weight lifting?
Would you test for leukemia with chronic 15 WBC, low hematocrit, early saturation, fatigue and muscle weakness and discomfort for “usual suspects”?
About 8 weeks pregnant had vaginal bleeding like a small period yesterday for 1 hour then was only light brown spotting passed blood clots.
After a hysterectomy you start menopause immediately?
After car accident my leg and foot are numb, and I have pain in my knee.
After septorhinoplasty, (In almost 4 weeks post op) how do you know if a residual dorsal hump is swelling, or otherwise?
Any tips on how to get my hair to stop falling out and start grows from stress? I had a big test I took at the beginning of June stress from that
A patient with COPD was receiving 12.5mcg of fentanyl. the gp doubles this dose to 25mcG. the patient died two weeks later.
Are braces regarded as cosmetics?
Are food intolerance such as msg and onion permanent? -
Are surgical steel or surgious grade actually the same thing?
Are there any quick home remedies for light abdominal acne and headache?
Are there any side effects I should worry about if I have my 9 year old son using Milk of Magnesium (magnesium hydroxide) as a deodorant?
Blocked ears, runny nose and dry neck symptoms of heavier or common cold?
Blood in the urine, pain in the flank. no burning, frequency. blader polyps or kidney stones?
Can contact dermatitis caused cutting of the vagina.
Can dental sealants be safely removed if there is decay under it without the use of a drill?
Can fast eating really make one fat?
Can ibs calm down at the night and then kick in the day?
Can tuberculosis cause microscopic hematuria?I have cough for more than 3 weeks and microscope hematury
Could you tell me if my thumb is blue, swell and I can’t move it dose that means its cracked?
Can you tell me what melanocytic lesions are?
Day 2 with tender, bloated, bruised feeling, fasts when I stand, move around, laugh or sit. lower abdominal/pelvic area. no uterus taken out 1yr ago..
Diverticulite causes lower backstage?
Does anyone know about hCG levels associate with a partial molar pregnancy? -
Does the dropping of the mouth begin quickly or slowly?
Lung cancer always affects oxygen levels..
Does time matters during ovulation?
Do you have to take antibiotics before the gin exam if you had tkr. I know you do this before the dental exam.
Feeling down, tired of life, distressed, some sleep disorders during working days, some weight gain and have rare suicidal idea.
Frequent unbearable leg cramps: what is the fastest way to relieve pain? (more...)
I had pruritus for 2 weeks. I got away but now I have abdominal and right flank pain.
Heavy clotty period for 2 days then 3 days later I started bleeding again following sex. I have been feeling pressure in the abdomen, I also had a fever?
Hello doctor, I feel humbless and diziness in my hate and neck pain, pls help me?
I have a skin color pimples in my vagina lips! is there any problem? I'm really scared!
How accurate are the doctors measurements of the baby for determining baby weeks, due date, conception, ovulation etc.
How bad is olives oil in your diet? - Their diet
How does a cotton look tender?
How does mitral stenosis affect the heart?
How does qcarbo16 work, I see people using it to pass drug test, well that’s not why I brought it, I need to clean my body, how does it work, thanks?
How is your basal metabolic rate affected by your basale energy spending?
How long does the bleeding last after mirena (levonorgestrel) removes my af is not until the 16th of April I have always been regular
How long does the pain last for a root extraction?
How much do tummy tucks usually hurt?
How to know if you fail without passing the fetus?
How would you measure how sevure is pectus excavatum?
I am 42 I have only had my period 4 times in the last year. I got pain in my stomach but nothing happens. Any ideas why this could be happening?
I am experiencing headaches (best by: rest, nsaids (ibuprofen, naproxen, etc.)) (time frame: gradual onsets) (side: left, right) (current: < 1 h...
I have moderate to severe abdominal pain on my right side. Every time I poop Iit hurt really bad like a Charlie horse on my side.
I was over while sitting in a chair to pick up something and felt like something popping and I’m now having pain on my left side around my ribs?
I didn’t get my period for a month and now have a pink discharge and a negative pregnancy test and still no period.
If I am allergic to normal earings, can I put a coating of clear nail polish on the earing, or is that bad?
If you had a CBC two years ago and you still do have the same symptoms is it good to get a new one.
I had a cold about a week and a half ago. now I have very strong headaches and a pain on my left nasal, feel like the bone hurt on my left nasal?
I had a hysterectomy and removal of my tubes and ovaries. However, two years later I had an very painful area in my pelvis and was told that I had endometriosis.
I had unprotected sex on 6th February n my period was on 17th February. had done 3 times test 2day morning too but all came negative?
I have a brain cyst 3cm in the left front lob would it hurt if I was pregnant too?
I have ADHD is it possible for me that I become a surgeon? be honest with me please
I have a small lump at the bottom of the right ear. Any idea what it could be?
I have endometriosis and just had a miscarriage now the pain seems to be back stronger than before is this because of miscarrière?
I had some pregnancy symptoms and I was four days late and had some brown discharging around the time of period and 2 nurses said they think I am?
I have hypermobile joints and I am experiencing right arm, elephant, shoulder and muscle pain.
I have a lot of dry gangrene on my right foot, lost 4 legs, but it doesn’t go over the middle foot. Why would they amputate to the knee?
I have mosquito bites throughout my body from head to neck. I am itching all over. The bites are swollen and combined with other bites... What can I do?
I have no voice a huge nod on the right side of my neck and I have excruciating pain in the throat. I was diagnosed with pharyngitis how can I get relief?
I have pain on the left side of my neck while swallowing. being going for 3 days.
I have this patch of peeling/blistering skin on the lower foot. what is it and how can I get rid of it?
I have this strange taste in my mouth, but no other symptoms of dry soket.
I have a flexible sigmoidoscopy and I have fleet ready to use when I use it before going to the hospital?
I am 5' 8'' and 109 lbs. When I lay down I can see my stomach pulsing to the left of my stomak button.
In a lot of localized pain, I was diagnosed with an enlarged uterus, a bicornuate maternus, and some ovarian cysts.Pain is extreme.
I’m starting to think I have a fraction of the talar dome. any advice?
In an attempt to diagnose the disease I have had 7 CT scans in 2 years. Because of new upper abdominal right side pain, Dr ordered hyda scan. Should I be concerned about radiation?
In the middle of my chest under my chicken bone it fells wierd I can explain it?
Irregular periods were taking fertility pills. 23 days late and having symptoms of pregnancy but negative test what should I do
Is it normal to have bleeding after a colonoscopy that is not related to a bowel movement?
Is it possible for a sciatic pain to be in the top of my thigh?
Is it possible to drink antidepressants throughout the life and be in good health?
Is it possible to have anxietary symptoms 24/7 for 2 years straight?
Is memory loss associated with statins?
I sned and got rid of some phlegm in my throat (I have post nasal drip), and it was a sort of clear but then again it had white stuff too what is it?
Is there any treatment for latent scint and fourth nerve palsy?
Is there usually left shoulder/arm / head pain associated with angina pectoris? -
I’ve been experiencing dizziness for several months now, with occasional ear pain, does this sound like a brain tumor or a sinus problem?
I have stitch like pain and bleeding/ uterus feels heavy. I have had mirena (levonorgestrel) for 8 weeks now. This pain has only been the last week, is it normal?
I was curious how far I would be if the ultrasound said 6.5 cm/1.3/27 Hz at top of my picture.
I would like to know what causes cramps, slight fever, swelling, frequent peeling, headaches, fatigue, and nausea.
The most effective. muscle relaxants for chronic. L4 - L5 pain?
My 16-year-old daughter has left abdominal pain no fever and no burning with urination and only got off her period 2 days ago?
My doctor may change my prescription (metoprolol) as it is destroying my sexual life. Can I “give it back” when I am prescribed a different beta blocker?
My doctor spoke over my head. we are confused. what is amniotic infection?
My mother in law has a pain in her left arm, she never suffer from her heart before, and her fingers move by themselves what could or could be?
My Patella is tender to touch, and it hurts and pops when the knee is binding. There is no noticeable swelling. But there is pressure around the patella.
My pelvis/low abdomen pain 2 months after a c-section.
A daily missed period of headaches but not pregnant what could be incorrect?
My friend ate some raw chicken at accident so he could get worms or parasites?
Only one sexual partner and cervical dysplasies recovered, what’s wrong?
Pain in the right leg that goes and goes, sometimes on the side, sometimes in a groin. burns behind the knee and gets worse with cold.
Please explain why my amalgam (filling) is hurt?
Right side sharp pain, bottom of rib cage.
Heavy joint pain started 24 hours ago, right side. pain when opening mouth and clenching. Should I go to the ER? worse as the day went on.
Sharp, localized pain on top of the head, about 10 degrees from the center, in a slight indentation of my parietal bone.
Should I take my inhaler before I go in to see the doctor for a review?
Should I use the nicotine patch to stop smoking or should I try electronic cigarettes?
Small bruises all over 3 years old women. showing up with no apparent cause. doctor Monday but worried As to why there are so many for no reason.
I am not pregnant right.. if I have polycystic ovarian periods can get irregular right?
Symmetrical legs & feet; numb, weak & tingly. Painful to walk, both feet throb til they both go "number". Is this due to my chronic back pain?
Symptoms of ectopic but negative test. like dizziness, lower right abdominal pain, shoulder pain. I think ectopy coz I only feel this all after sex
Test Scan showed 4 cysts. but I have constant dull ache. The tube above testicle is prominent, no infection seen. What could be causing the pain?
The lower right side of my face hurt when I open my mouth. Anyone has any idea?
The muscles in my hips right above my butt are a lot. Most times it pinches with pain. I wear high heels all the time, pain to wear flies?
Strange lightheaded feeling 24:7 for yrs Ent dr said no allergies had bloodwork done neuro examination at PC dr all good they say anxiety could it be?
What antibiotics are prescribed for infected cyst?
What are obsessive compulsive disorders (OCD) and tourette syndrome?
What are the causes for lower back pain in women?
What are the clinical symptom of myocardial infarction?
What are the treatments to a pinched nerve? →
What can a pain mean in the right hand side next to the bladder. it comes and goes and is quite severe?
What can be done for really acute pain in the left ankle?
What can cause hematuria with sharp pain in the urq of abdomen nausea dizziness and water retention catscan ultrasonic urine culture normal no fever?
What can cause stabing eye pain after sleep? -
What happens if my ovarian is not visualized that means I can’t have children?
What is a good substitution for peanut butter? -
What is the cause and solution of what seems to be a traveling pocket of gas up and down my back, breast, rib cage with sometimes a griping pain?
What is the cause for pubic bone pain? -
What is the difference between Refractory Chronic Migraines and Transformed Migranes?With CM do I need a headache specialist for general nuero?
What is the procedure involved with open heart surgery? -
What is the reason for fluids coming out right after sex?
What makes a dentist a different from a oral surgeon?
What could cause a lot of pain in the flesh part of my hand below the thumb?
What muscles help to lower back pain? -
What amount of lortab 10mg equals 15mg oxycodone?
What questions should I be asking when looking for a pain management doctor for my 85 year old father who has severe back pain? (history of surgeries)
What to do about depression of seeing souls and just being angry in general?
When do I ovulate if my last period was last month on the 28st and I have a 31 day cycle?
Where can I find good natural gout treatment.
Which brand of natural progesterone cream are most suitable for a girl with pcos? -
Why am I having acute post-abortion abdominal pain 3 months after surgery? I can’t talk, walk, lift, stand, or even wear underwear too much?
Why do I feel pain on my left arms?
16, never had sex, no known STDs, vaginal irritation, sometimes pain, not much pain with urination, irritations throughout the day.
1 day missed period and the vaginal area is dry, why.
I got my'real' period, lasted about 6 days, today's day 9 & I'm slightly spotting (just 1x a day) for the past 2 days-odd?
2 days ago ovulation had sex 3 times but started following symptoms cramping slight nausea, more intestinal movements, fatigue, gas – can I be preg?
I take Duphaston day 11 to day 25 where do I expect my period?
B12:145 ng/L Range 130-800ng/L Result statementsOnly in Range Have a Few Symptom, Neuroligist says not low but GP started loading dose 6 injections?
Be prescribed steroid nasal spray for post nasal drip. Symptoms are quite uncomfortable is there something different I can do?
Be sick for more than a week with a dry/weight cough, very runny nose, and no apparent fever. OTC cold medicine has not worked, and I am currently on antibiotics to treat a UTI (Bactrim I believe). I am pretty sure this is more than just a cold, seeing how nothin
Can being anime cause your period to last more?
Can cyclic vomiting syndrome cause miscarries?
Can a shaved penis alter sexual performance?
Can I get high liver enzymes due to prostatitis or scars tissue in the urinary tract due to past STD trauma? -
Can I have sex while taking cyclogest?
Can obesity cause bilateral pitting oedema? and how to get rid of it?
Can orchitis problem affect my digestion or cause droolning?
Can pink eye be cured with g.E. Sulfameth/tmps can g. E. Sulfamet/tMPs cure pink eye?
Can seroquel (ketiapine) cause gerd?
Can there be a link between celiac disease and polycystic ovarian syndrome (pc)?
Can you get pregnant from Pre-Cum?
Can you jump/dive into a swimming pool when you are 9 weeks pregnant?
Can you recover from plant falsifications and if what is the recovery time? -
Can you take L-lysine while trying to get pregnant?
Can anyone get neuraphysic in front arms and hands?
Describe the characteristics of a bone avulsion.
Does DMSO Help Plantar Fasciitis?
Do drinking soda and juice harm the child if you are pregnant?
Does the eradication of H. Pylori cause weight gain?
Did food poisoning cause permanent damage? I heard in a study that it cause kidney damage, diabetes, and high blood pressure later.
Had protected sex Nov 21 and had a period on Dec 13, could I be pregnant?
Have sex 2 days before ovulation and a day following ovulation can I get pregnant?
I have not had my period since July because I am irregular could I still get pregnant?
My 18 yr old special needs daughter just had bloyod work. The Lymphocytesis 3.8.Her Leukocyte esterase is 500. What does that mean?
Rash on the right leg, will not go away, doctors can’t help, what is it and what do I do now?
How can I avoid glaucoma.
How can I prevent ortostatic hypotension? →
How can you stop bleeding during your period?
How does a person have hyperthermia? →
How do you break your arm playing volleyball?
How do I tell the difference between a sinus infection and an allergy?
How do occupational therapists help those with eye injuries to ambulate safely?
How do we determine who takes mom? -
How long does the pain associated with hyperemesis gravitarum last?
How long does it take to recovery from uveitis in the eye? -
How soon after I off the Depo-Provera provera shot (medroxyprogesterone) can I get pregnant?
How to prevent catching flu from a visitor who never learns to put hands on the mouth while coughing... Will hand gel help me?
How to tell if the pregnancy has any side effects or early signs of pregnant pregnancies?
How to treat racer scar from shaving? -
I am almost a month pregnant and I started spitting. it started out pink now it’s like a redish color is that normal?
I'm having trouble and confusing moments with my body and I've been afraid I may be pregnant by my research online and I really want some advice?
I’m on the depo for about 2/3 years and off for 5 months. I want to get pregnant but have not had a menstrual cycle, what can I do?
I came on my period twice last month this month my boyfriend came inside me and I’m bleeding 4 days after we had sex?
If a person has chronic hyperventilation syndrome and takes a pft-and methacholine challenge test would the results be affected?
I got on the Birth Control shot on a Friday and had sexual intercourse on Wednesday if he ejaculated can I still get pregnant?
I had a miscarriage last night. I was 13 weeks. How soon after miscarrière can you try again. Can you get preg. faster after mc like you can after birth?
I had a salpingectomy in both tubes 4 years ago, but I wish to be pregnant again, can it be possible?, can I get pregnant naturally?
I had blood drawn, 1h later I lifted weights and I noticed a small bump filled with blood where I got poked at, is this normal?
I had unprotected sex just over 2 weeks ago. I had light cramps and painful breasts with dark areola which has never happened.
I have a lot of tiny red bumps in between my eyebrows. I thought it was pins so I used benzoyl peroxide & that didn’t work.
I have been clean out of alcohol for 1 year and 8 months and recently drink 0.06 pack per day. Is this bad for my liver and health. Drink it to avoid beer? - I have a little bit of alcohol.
I have developed these random red patches on my torso, neck, and back that flash up and disappear every time.
I have had 11 sets of ear tubes since age 6.Is there another solution rather than getting more?The set I’ve had in for 3 months just came out.
I have had a couple of pregnancy symptoms, but the home tests I have taken are all negative and I started what I think is my period today....I need some help figure out what could be wrong.
I have the birth control mirena (levonorgestrel) and I have irrational periods but I also have brown discharge so what does that mean?
I have this rash for a long time on my breast comes and goes I made a appointment but it’s a kind of fading can they still test it and diagnose me?
I have three positive first response pregnancy tests with morning illness two weeks ago but not since then, are the positive tests true positive?
I am 28 yrs having irregular periods. my BP was 144/101 is it normal?
I am almost 35 weeks pregnant. And I had an ultrasound done at my high risk Dr appt today. The baby’s growth rate is at the 22 percentile, weight is 4 lbs and 14 oz. If the % goes below 20%, will the baby still be healthy on delivery?
I am an athlete, I play water polo, football, and do some long distance running. Will taking prednisolone 50mg per day HUGELY affect my lifestyle?
I am in the process of losing 30lbs and trying to get pregnant.If I conceive can I stay on weight watchers while I am pregnant?
I am worried that I am pregnant but I think I ovulated yorgon?
It has been 2 weeks now that I have finished my period but now I am still bleeding and am very nausea.
Do I need some tips on how to reduce the abdominal fluid retention? -
I often do masturbation in a day. I did it 5 times more in a Day then it led to swollen penis skin. What are the disadvantages and advantages of this?
Is having a cycle important? I have not had a decent period in almost my whole life....What can be wrong with me?...I am 23 yrs old...
Is it normal for a child to get really dark after swimming in a pool. is it safe to go swimming again?
Is it normal for an eye infection to start out red and swollen and pus filled to look like a pus filling swelling that now looks like a blood blister?
Is it normal to have cracks before and after the period?
Is it okay to induce your period while on sugar pills?
Is it possible to be suffering allergic reactions from the room if she has a dog?
Is it possible to bleed if I am prego?
Is it possible to ovule one day after the period stop?
Is it safe to take apples cider tablets when pregnant
I started taking PPI (8 weeks) and antibiotics (one week) for treating h.pylori and gastrit. Can I strengthen exercises like pushups and running?
Is the GM diet a good one?
Is there any way to stop my time for a while without a prescription?
It started with a headache the next day came dizziness when I move my eye, soreness behind my eyes, 102 fever, slight cough.
Is it still possible I can get pregnant with a small ovarian?
I have had uterus/some spasms for a while now. I know I’m not pregnant and it happens randomly.
I have had a bump in my groin area for about a year, recently a burning feeling. And in the last two days it turned red and the bump Bigger and more pain?
I have had a lump by my bellyboutton and it moves around it was a week now could I have a hernia? I’ve been constapated too? or pregnancy had neg test
I have had problems with cosntant headaches for 5 years, now they are more like migraines, have I seen neurologists, eye specialists and no one has helped me?
Late menstrual period following bad carwreck? -
Me and my fiancé are experiencing a red burning itchy scaling rash. Me on my butt and in the lining of the cheeks.
Mom's eyes are red and she's rubbing her eyes.
My baby’s neck is burning red and swollen, what do I do?
My bf and I were fooling around with clothes on. And after I notices ALot of like on his jeans where my crotch was. Can this get me pregnant?
My cousin is a 14-year-old boy. he is 4inch in penile length. my question is... is he small for his age?
My doctor says I have macular edema. what does this mean?
My first day of my last period was on 05/10, I had sex on October 17 and October 22. My period is every 31 days.
My nipples have been extremely painful since May 14 its June 26 and recently my lower right side has been killing me, but I started birth control on May 11?
My period is usually heavy and lasts five days. this month it came light and only lasted 3 days. I had sex 2 days after my last period.
My son had surgery on the pereneol nerve that caused his drop foot, doc said it would wake up a while, but it’s been over a year no lat move?
The period was 2 mo late, now was on for 3 wks so far. At the beginning of it all I was intensely stressed but not now.
Should I be worried about the extreme vaginal air/gas that feels stuck I’ve been experiencing since my hymen surgery to fix my septate hymen 1 week ago
Should teenagers use the diet plans on TV?
Sign of pregnancy in 1 month? delayed menstrual cycle, is sign of pregnant?
The skin remains during pregnancy, Is this normal?
Taking lexapro 10 mg lamotirigine 200mg and seroqule 100mg and prenatal trying to get pregnant should I stop antidepressant know or after I get pregnancy?
This is my second month on mononessa, however this my second day of taking my inactive pill, still have not got my period is this normal?
Unfortunately I picked up a small scal on my face. can this hurt my skin??
Unusual pain breasts every month after ovulation for 2 weeks after twins' abortion 9 months ago? ttc is everything okay? also get palpatations dizzines
Upper abdomen pain pulled muscle out of work? any specific stretch to prevent it?
How many weeks of pregnancy can you take an abortion pill.
Useed Lodine or Celebrex (celecoxib) on and off for 3 or 4 years. Occasional had some stomach burning. Havent used in 3 months can it still cause a ulcer?
Can we experience health problems due to dental problems like gingivitis?
What are the common Symptoms of Brushes?
What are the negative effects of binge drinking a couple times a month?
What are the prices of a new medicine called roflumilast?
What can you get over- the-counter for nerves? -
What does a melt rash look like? →
What does inflammations in the leg mean?
What does t mean a positive ANA test and IFA?
What irritation does the soap cause to private area?
What is a subchondroplastial procedure and what is the outcome?
What is the best and fastest way to reduce breakthrough bleeding?I go on my honeymoon in two days.
What if I cut my rubber on a piece of hard cereal and it was right next to wear my wisdom tooth is grows in, will than affect the tooth in any way?
What to do if I have some symptoms thought I don’t know if they could be PMS or pregnancy?
What types of exercises are recommended for rehab from chondromalacia patella?
What types of medications are effective in reducing or eliminating PVCs? -
When I have a soft stool I have to wipe the perineum as there are feces there, not on the vagina but the skin below.
When should I get a flu shot in preparation to move to assisted life?
Why is 7 months premature baby safer than 8 months prematurely baby?
Will bodybuilding at sixteen and a half slow my height growth?
Will doctors help youth couples get pregnant?
Wake up with both hands feeling number and tinging.
Would I be liable to get my medical card if I have AHD, neurofibromatosis, asthma and anexity?
Wrist and knuckle got slightly burned from touching a pan. No blisters. Applying polysporin (bacitracin and polymysine) 3-4 times or more daily. Should I be worried about overdose?
Yesterday had like 24hr bug with vomiting and bad diorreah waterlike, today a rack has appeared very itchy looks like mice but it’s not, what’s it?
Fever at night, goes away in the morning.Saliva drows out quickly during the day.Swollen tonsil, swelling is reducing.
According to my ovulation 28 day cycle I was supposed to get my periods on 7 May my last period was 9 April and today is 10 May.
After 6 months in my post-op, I have more glands left in one breast. Should I attribute this to swelling or bad gland fabric?
Apple cider is helpful in weight loss and how to use this for this purpose? -
Are small red spots throughout the body small pox? -
Are there any home remedies for athlete’s foot?
Are these burning cramps normal during early pregnancy? I just found out I am pregnant (I don't know how far so far yet) and I'm experiencing some painful cramp. I keep trying to tell myself that it's just my uterus growing, but I wanted to ask here to
Arthritis in the knees: What could be the best way to get relief.
As a gymnast, my wrist hurt after over exercise. It has been about 3 weeks since working out & still pain in 1 spot. Should I use a brace and other ideas?
Can chronic gastritis lead to other conditions such as gastroparesis, obstruction, stomach cancer, etc.
Can doctors tell me what your heart rate needs to get up when you exercise?
Can the handling of frozen foods cause freezing?
Can I get systematic effects from long-term use of cortizone (hydrocortisone) 10 oC?
Can I take motrin for sharp stabbing pains in palm of hand?
Can masturbation while on diflucan (fluconazole) getting rid of it inside your body?
Can oral sex interfere in cervical circle surgery?
Can cessation of smoking cause long-term digestive problems?
Can't get rid of my athletic feet. it has been bothering me for a while now?
Can vitamin-based skin care products help my SPF work better?
Can white noise be disturbing my deep sleep?
Can white water rafting cause a miscarriage?
Clicking sound comes and goes when the heart beat. upper left chest sharp pain and the pain goes through ribs to upper back left side..I am 20 years old?
Could he be suffering from ptsd?My husband was sexually harassed as a young child, once by an older man and then by teenagers.At the time, he was also being physically abused at home, so he had no one to turn to for help.
Doctors, do you think I can develop keloidal scarring on old healed tattoos? -
Does a meniscal displacement cause pain along the joint lines?What are some of the symptoms of having a displacing?
Does anyone know how to get away from acid indigestion easily?
Does operating small aircraft all the time lead to permanent hearing loss?
Does the pus of the gonorrhea smell.
Do small children eventually grow out anal skin tags?
Dry, flak skin on the outer skin of lips all the time, why does this happen?
Every day I eat pig I brake out why?I am allergic to it because my oldest daughter brakes out too.
Extreme pain in one leg like a cramp. what to do next time?
Eyebroves. are they thinning?
Women lower right quadrant abdominal pain should I be concerned?
Anesthesia, you get a shot, they put a mask over you and you wake up. But there is any strange activity when you wake Up like laughing gas?
I had unprotected sex w/ husband 1 week and a day later after the depo shot.
He had larpcoli for gallbladder last Tuesday. Came out relatively fine but recently fell back into severe nausea and vomiting along with high blood pressure.
Had unpro sex the last day ovulated 30th he cummed 2x in me, my per was due 13 but igot it on the 14 howcome ididnt get pregnant?
Having dement headaches this month, how can i relieve the pain?
Hi, I am 21 and I have white bumps throughout my body I want to know if its keratosis pilaris? and what can I do to get rid of it?
Hi This will be my 4th ceceran. I am 3wks and 6 days. This morning when I urinated there was a small amount of blood on my tissue. No blood today.
How can I get rid of red and black worms on the skin and acne spots on the back.
How can I get rid from this terrible toothache?
How do doctors cease premature work?
How do I deal with the uncertainty about Huntington’s disease with myself and my children?
How early can you have an abortion? →
How good is an ultrasound to detect IVH in my child?
How is a labral tear in the shoulders with subluxation repaired?
How long do you have to have sex to get pregnant?
How to manage back pains chronic back pain? -
I eat alot now I just got love gloves, how many are implants for butts?
If the doctor orders a CT scan of abd/pelvic w/contrast an without, I can see it being done with contrast but what is the purpose of having it also without?
I fell on my back at work and I have extreme pain in my left shoulder leaf. I can’t move it at all without bursting into tears.
If I didn’t show any signs of being pregnant the first time around, would I have any signes this time?
If one of my testicles atrophied from infection a decent amount, is it possible that the leydig cell are still left in it and only the sertoli died?
I had a root channel and got a temp filling. Filling is falling out in pieces and my appointment for permanent filling is in a week will it be ok?
I had arithmia, is it something that will leave over the course of a period of time?
I had a sinus infection 3 weeks ago and I was prescribed z-pac.Felt better for a few days but I am congested again
I had sex with my boyfriend 2 weeks ago, we used protection. The last time I had sexuality before that was 7 months ago. I am late by 6 days.
I have a black point that looks like a mole on the inside of my outer vagina lips. I’ve noticed a while ago but now all of a sudden it’s up?
I have a ingrown toenail for about 2 years now and I want to go surgery but in 5 months, is it bad to wait 5 minutes to get surgery?
I have a scab just inside my left nostril that has not healed in over a month. I pick off fluffy part but base more difficult n painful
I have an external small hard dark lump on my sternum, dead center, 1 inch above nipple level. Not painful.
I have had my period for seven months now and I am not pregnant, I have occasional abdomen slight discomfort but nothing meaningful, what’s wrong??
I have osteoartritis, naproxen 1/2 (500mg) twice a day 4 joint pain, pain getting stronger have a appt. on 2/12/16 with rheumatologist ¿what to do?
I have really bad dandruff and ketaconAZole shampoo didn’t work.
I am about 17 weeks pregnant and get cramps already, is that a scary thing?
In a 18 year old woman and recently I think I’ve been showing signs of bipolar disorder, what should I do?
I have tried meds and creams from a doctor but nothing is working I really don’t want to damage my face any ideas what to try?
I’m experiencing stomach pain, vomiting immediately after eating food and frequenting the washrooms for long calls is it anyway amoeba infection?
I feel tightness on the left lower side of my stomach and when I lay on my sides it takes my breath away?
I have 3 days of incomplet rest.How can I stay in condition?
I never had any pain before/during my period. The other day I started having pain at the pelvic area. at night it is so excruciating I hardly can move.
In the past year I have experienced sharp pain in my left breast. I have had an exam and even and mammogram, and everything is ok.
I reached over a counter and something popped on my left side above the rib cage. it gets painful if I pull on something, etc What is this injury?
Is it okay to have Valium when taking sinemet (carbidopa and levodopa) 100/25 & fast. My sister has dystonia and is in hospital and docs there never heard of dystonia.
Is it possible for my hubby to see if I am a virgin or not?
Is it safe to use silicone gel leaf on acne scars on the face?
Is Odomos safe during pregnant pregnancy? -
Is sex a good thing for a relationship?
Is taking 5mg of prednison daily for a year considered fairly safe?
Is there any cue for unrestful legs?
I talk in my sleep with my eyes opening but have no memory of the conversations. -
I have a stabbing pain in my grain in scrotum, what would cause this? - I have an stabbing pain in my groin
I have had body fears, blocked stumble nose, headaches, pressure in my face and throat tightness and it feels dry over 6 months is it a bad cold?
I noticed that after eating my resting heart rate goes from the 60’s close to the 80’s. Is this normal after eating?
I very often have dull pain in the lower left abdomen. Although bearing, should I still be concerned due to its frequent occurrence and see a doctor?
I was fingured by a guy for the first time, he was touching his penis which was wet with asma and then he fingued my vagina.Can I get HIV through this?
My 24-year-old daughter thinks she may be developing schizophrnia. a couple of months ago she began to feel tired all the time and stopped socializing?
My 2 yr old has red bumps with white middle spots on his stomach, chest, and tighs. They don’t bother him but have been there for 1 wk. What are they?
My blood report from Sunday Evening i.e. June 14th (23rd day) of 34 days cycle shows I ovulated and its 35 units.
My daughter was diagnosed in a murmur@her4month appt. We went2the hospital2do xrays&an ekg L8r told2go2dallas cardiologist what could b wrng!
My whole left side of my body has a sharp pain going through my whole left part of my bodies. I have a sharpe pain in my neck and around my heart what s?
My heart rate while in bed is 58-60bpm, when changing positions, it increased then goes back to 60, is this a normal reaction?
My mom also had a cancer lump removed from her breast a few years ago.
My mother is having burning sensation in her left hand she is a diabetes patient and having asthma problem please help me what does it mean?
My scalp is very itchy and I loosing a lot of hair every day. My skin is oily type. Gp prescribed me diprosalic for scalp application. What can cause it?
My wife continues to pain in her lower left side. She went to Dr a he couldn’t find any problem. However pain is still a problem all day.
Nev is missing a period in life until I start dating man outside my race. I had Feb March Apr no period got light for only 2 days may no period since?
Orthostatic hypotension. I put table salt in a pin of water a few times a day and drink it. Can I overdose and die from the salt?
Pain in the mid right of the stomach.
Please help doc smap...I have trouble allergies and my eyes feel like its rock in them for 2 days nuts very painful what can I do?
Rash all over the body begins on head itchy but bearable, then spreads all over body quickly first looks like net sting but then becomes extremely red.
Scalp psoriase: what is the treatment?
Self-washing pubic hair – is it hard to do?
Sharp inconsistent pain on the right side near the ovaries and lower back. Pain came out of nonewhere and started today it was 4 hours.
I have taken several online depression/anxiety inventories and they have all come back that I have moderate/sever qualities of depression, however I do
Should I take my Cymbalta (duloxetine) 30mg in a.m. or p.m.?I take it for diabetic neuropathy.My neuropathies are worse in the evening and night.
So the bf is disgusted by my stretching marks. what can I do to get rid of them?
Sudden chest pain shortness of breath, resting at 100 is this lung embolism I'm a 30/m. I have a family history. If I go to ER they will run CT scan for this?
Sunscreen lotion for African Americans with very extremely sensitive skin.
The second person closest to me had a cold pain and passed it to the person next to me who hit it and passes it to me (glass pipe) am I at risk?
There is a psychiatric night time tablet for schizophrenia that starts with 'c', does it cause drowsiness?
Unexplicated humidity and sharp stabbing pain in the left side of my body
Very large bruise at old scar about 29 yrs ago I had my appendix removed. now I was changing shirts to day and I saw a very large bruis around the scar in a 6 or 8" circle. It looks like a big explosion of blood in the circle
What are some really good methods to stimulate adrenaline? -
What are the Complications of ANLL?
What are the side effects of stelacin (trifluoperazine)? →
What can I do to intestinal blockage?
What can I Do to Sleep Better?
What causes a problem with the lower back (right side) down the leg up to near ankles?
What could cause sensitive rubber two months after a root channel?
What does it mean to be having sporadic headaches?
What does spin around do to your brain to cause you to vomit? -
What is Ayurvedic or Homeopathic Medicine for Chronic Rhinitis?
What is gastrointestinal flu? is it contagious?
What is the most effective skin blurry/lighting cream?
What is the retinal pigment epithelium?
What kind of epilepsy is there?
What method is there to get rid from this cough and dirt?
What should we do if my husband vomited blood? he has been having stomach aches this last week and vomited the blood for the first time tonight.
What if I am 58 years old.befoe 25 days I was found with widal positive but after 25 days the widal test is negative?
What ways/exercises are the most effective to get rid of fat?
When after a sinus infection clarifies up will brain fog go away?
When to apply sun cream: before or after skin care? →
When I use the bathroom, my poop are sometimes the size of meat balls or greater. And it’s hard to push I eat fruit vegetables. When using I bleed why?
Why am I so forgotten all the time I forget we are going what I am doing a saying?
Why does my back hurt when I breathe or bend over. Its kind of in my upper middle back but just on the right side of my back.
Why do I have chronic ligament pain for no reason? -
Will anyone tell me how come I have small pimples like bumps n my nipple and the surrounding part?
A BNP value less than 10 pg/ml can eliminate CHF or some serious heart problem?
Are all lymph nod removal surgeries cancer in nature? can you share some sources?
Can Cyproflaksine and Amoxicillin be taken together?
Can I take Cymbalta (duluxetine) with gabapentin? (more...)
Can stem cell research aid sick arteries?
Can Sun Urticaria Cause Anaphylaxis?
Can you take Prilosec OTC with Fluoxetine?
Can you explain if it is possible to have a lot of the symptoms of type 2 diabetic and not have it?
Can you take tylenol (acetaminophen) and Advil together, can you take Tylenol and Adville together?
Can you tell me how I can take prohormones the right path?
Can you tell me if I can get the stomach flu twice?
I don’t know why I went to the doctor and they said, and the chest was inflammated is anything that can make the inflammation go away?
Now have blood shots eyes that are irritated cheek lil swollen also nauseas head ache fatigue which is it?
Clomiphene citrate 100mg from 3rd day to 5 days any possibility for twins and conceiving?
Cortisone shot as a diagnostic tool in the knee what does this mean? if the shot worked it means inflammation? if not internal damage.
Can you tell me what happens when you stop smoking?
Is a thyroid level in the TSH range 4.1 to 5.2 indicate hypothyroidism? is very dry skin and increased acne also a symptom?
Does endocervical compound mean endometriosis?
Does officetec (cetirizine) help for swollen lips?
For a week had pain under the left breast, worse when rolling to that side in bed or getting up from laying down. most of time I can’t deep breath?
From the last 4 days I get burning feeling in my throat. I’m doing gargle but no improvement.
Has anyone else had narrow side effects from taking alendronate/fosamaX for osteoporosis?
Hey! if I stay in the shower a long time my nose begins to dripping and run like crazy. I can also start sneezing time by time.
Hi doctor I tested hsv2 IgG 2.16 Elisa after 70 days of my protected encompassing only vaginal. I discuss two doctors n they say Ur fine Pls clear, no symp?
High myopia category involves astigmatism too?
Hi! I have a 7 year old daughter I noticed that she’s having a deep breath in every minute.
Hi I have epilepsy and have 30 climbs a day I am on epillim 2000mg a day is it possible to go on a higher dose? - I am at epillime 2000mg per day
Hi I just got over the stomach flu and have been experiencing chest, throat, and jaw pain. I was wondering what it could be?
How are the metabolic rate and free radicals production related to human life?What are some medically proven ways to control the metabolical rate and the free radical production?
How can warpharin alternatives work? -
How is substantial abuse diagnosed?
How long does a worn ligament in the knee take to heals?
How long does it normally take a man to ejaculates, and at what point is ejaulation considered premature?
How long does it take for my vitamin D levels to get back to normal (about 70-80)? my is 29 and I am taking 2000 ius/day and trying to get the sun in FL
How long does it take to heal out of a tubuligation reverse?
How long is it normal for a jammed joint in your foot take to helm?
How long should you wait for a ssri (fluvoxamine) if you don’t see any improvement? how long will you give it to be sure there will be no improvement.
How long would you need to take off when you have a mental breakdown due to work?
How many hours do you have to walk to see weight loss, how long will it take before I see noticeable weight loss?
How much should I be taking the biotin 500mg?
How much higher will a girl grow after she startes her period?
Man takes prograf and may have cancer; will cancels spread quickly on prograf?
I am about 15 weeks pregnant and I have difficulty sleeping what can I take to help me sleep.
I am a girl, my cum is a little foamy and thick, stringy too. I have no symptoms, but is this normal?
I am currently taking Levothyroxine. 125 mg for hypothyroidism and trying to get back into body building. is it safe to take a bcaa supplement?
I feel pain throughout my stomach, what should I have to do?
I have a hard time finding info. on the success of a 3 level lumbar fusion with an internal stimulator. previous fusion no growth. please help?!?
I am having surgery on my inner right ankle for a 1.4cm mass that between bone and nerve the nerve could be connected.
I can feel a small lymph nod in my neck the doctor said its 9m is this normal.Iam itlle worry.But the remainder of the lymphat nod I can’t feel them.
I feel that depression and anxiety are ruining me, need some advice?
If I feel suicidal what should I be doing?
If pus in stool has occasionally there is any problem?
If you take birth control regularly, miss one does on the only night you have had sex in 1 year (no sex after), then continue to take regularly after, how is it possible to get pregnant with twins?
I got a bit by an insect on my calf muscle. it has been bruised for almost a month now. it is not itchy but it is swelling and pain when I bend my knee?
I have abdominal pain that wakes me up daily, nausea all the time, can’t finish full meals, dizzy when I stand.
I have had paragraph 14 months, 12 days late should I wait to see if i mss my next cycle?
I have tenderness/swelling in front of my right ear, most noticeable when mouse is open, feel like it could be top of the jaw.
I just need to know if a low does antidepressant with Vyvanse (lisdexamfetamine) help not get the depression when you go out of the Vyvansa (listexamfetamin) for weekends?
I am 16 weeks pregnant and the skin on the left side of my stomach and back is sensitive and extremely painful when touched.
I am in high school.I need to get to bet by 8:00 pm to get 9 hours of sleep.I find myself stopping up until 11 pm.
I’m not sure but is Huntington’s disease a congenital disease?
Interested in yoga but don’t know which one to do to help me relax.
I often feel these strange shudders in my stomach. my stomak kind of shakes. it freaks me out. what could it be?
I picked myself on a knockout rose bush last Friday. The swelling has gone down some, but it still hurt/itches in two spots. Is it infected?
Is going from 40 mg Nexium to 20 mg Nexum and then 10 mg Nexyum granules a good way of wearing?Sudden stop I hear can result in severe rebound.
Is it okay for 18 years old to take thermogenics? -
Is it okay for mom to breastfeed while taking prednisone?
Is it possible to be able to stop the ssri you are taking one day and having been recovered completely from OCD so no need for meds again?
Is it possible to reverse skin atrophy due to excess use of topical steroids?
Is it safe to take fish Oil and Lisinopril together?
Is it safe to take Tylenol (acetaminophen), Cold Multi Symptom Nighttime and 10mg of melatonin.
Is Levakin (levofloxacin) to diverticulis?
I smoke and drink alcohol, is my sperm safe? can it last 7 days inside the uterus?
Is there any food that affected the volume of semen ejaculation?
Is there a shot available I can take annually that will reduce my reaction to poison ivy? I asked my doc.’s nurse and she said she never heard of such a thing.
I stumbled my finger while working out. If I leave it alone, will it just go back to normal?
Is Whey Protein Bad for Men with Endogenic Hair Fall?
It is safe to take 20mg of Zyrtec (cetirizine) daily? I take it in the day but 12 hours later I am suffering.
I took 20mg of Prozac (fluoxetine) for 4 days. I’ve been out of it for 3 days. How long does it take to get out of my system?
I have had my tonsils out and my lymph nodes seem to be swollen lot may it be from allergies I get a lot of drainage?
I have swollen throat with white spots no fever no pain. for five days. face pain and now diarreaha. do you think this is strep throat?
I have used nasal spray and have taken Claritin and mucinex (guaiphenesin). is there anything I can do to taste again?
I was taking tamazepam 30mg for sleep and it hardly worked, they have now switched me to environment that doesn’t work for me at all.
Just had an operation on herniated disc l4/l5 and still the same symptoms on the left leg as before op i.E. Numbness and scraping feeling, is this normal?
Left side face slight numbness was diagnosed with bellpssy, but was not checked for stroke she is scared and wants to know what to do?
Lower abdominal cramps prior to passing stool. why does this happen?
Low lymphocytes for years on CBC, all the other is ok, 2 chest cts 14 mos apart both show the same mildly enlarged L-node, some bilat, below 2 cms, diagnosis?
Can it be that a child gets cancer if the parent had one?
My 2-year-old was given Cefdinir for very red throat but negative strepe test, 2 brothers had strep. 3 days later has a fever.
My 4 year old son swallowed about 10 mg rat killer pallet, I made him vomit by swelling with finger in his throat and he vomit, what should I do next?
My5yr old had dental surgery under general anesthesia. he had versed before and Dr said he would forget everything he remembers it all how it came?
My 92 y.O friend suffers with knee and ankle arthritis. She is on generalto 15mg, will use arnica gel for pain interfer with this blood thinner?
My asthma flare up on 2mg abuterol and singulair (montelukast) have chest congestie what can I take OTC for congestia?
My dad has a high pressure, cholesterol and diabetes he takes a lot of medicine I’m really afraid about him what should he do?
My dad has stage 4 nsclc, what tests should he normally do to check the progress/regression?
My D is experiencing blood on the end of stool & on tissue. 3rd day in a row but only in the morning bm! Have GP appointment for 5 days, is this soon enough?
My husband and I had unprotected sex and he comes. inside me, he told me to jump to avoid the sperm penetrating the egg cell, is this true?
My rheumatologist said 'if a patient has lups then prednisone doesn't work.'
My son was in the ER last night for a reaction to his Adderall after they gave him Xanax (alprazolam) about 1130 last night he is seen things? (more...)
My vitamin D level is 20...and taking vitamin D supplement gives me horrible muscle cramps even small dose 400..will I stop taking vitamin d?
Noted small purple black lungs under the front on the penis and one on the penile head – (this was already present before sex).
One year old daughter crying for breastfeeding at night. Eats mild solids well. Not drinking bottle milk. Expects me always around her, otherwise she cries?
On the second depo shot can it make your boobs hurt? be hurt can it also darken your nipples?
Out of the blue, my heart will just receive this pain. it really hurts.
5 days late when should I take pregnant rest?
Please help! what is the surgery procedure called that removes honey growth I know the first word is alveo?
Should I throw my hat away to prevent reinfection from tinea capitis? can the fungus stay on the fabric on the hat?
Stop the contraceptive pill after being on it for 8 years. how long will it be until I’m completely natural with my cycle again?
Symptoms of artritis in the spine?
Symptoms of breakthrough chickpox occur on the body, treatment? -
I think I slightly inflamed my breast tissue from self-examining them too much. could this cause an enlarged lymph nod in the area?
Total health....,,,, I have loer back stiffness,,,, weight loss,,,, thick lips............
Sperm normal, hsg norm, sh-2.85, estrodiol-20.8fsh-9.68, lh-5.63prolactin-24.1amh-0.62afk-3.results normal?
Ultrasound shows enlarged gland with at least 3 nodes the largest being 3.6 cm * 3.2 cm. the nodule is solid with increased vascularity.
US=Diffuse thicking+edema of gastrocnemus. MD said it’s ok, ice it. Is this true? leg’s been hurting a lot for months. Now I limp after >10min walk
What are some diseases of the lymphatic systems?
What are some of the sources of vitamin D?
What are the healing from hydrotherapy?
What are the known symptoms for spondylolisthesis?
What are the symptom of diphtheria?
What does it mean when you have to take a deep breath to breathe vetter?
What do you advise if I had which were growing stomach and excessive flatulence.
What do you advise if I sprined my ankle about 2 weeks ago and the foot is felt numb?
What is a easy home remedy for premature ejaculation.
What is neuromytony (isac syndrome)?
What is the direction of some legitimate plastics surgeons that deal in cleft lips?
What is the maximum amount of Valia someone can take without overdose?
What could cause glands in my armpite to swell?
What is the main symptom of HIV?
What should you do if a condoe tears while having sex?
What supplement or vitamin can I take which would increase blood curculation to the knee?
What symptoms will I have when I have a strep throat?
What tests are done to figure if you have circulation problems in thighes sometimes when standing too long.
What to do if I am allergic to suncry but I work out in the sun all day what can I do from getting burned?
What happens if a normal 19-year-old guy took Viagra (sildenafil)?
When I go to my doctor and tell him I urinate a lot will he be able to determine if I am diabetes or not?
Why do spider bitks take so long to heal.
Why do I have abdominal obesity with fat thighs and upper limed muscle atrophy?
Will an infection in a stomach piercing cause flu symptoms? -
According to my boyfriend last time I had an absence events I had tears wrapping down my cheeks but I was not swinging or anything, is this normal?
After many courses of antibiotics I still have the helicobacrer bacteria.
Are monochorionic-diamnious twins usually healthy at birth?
Are there any medications or treatment options to help with bleeding and discomfort during an IBS flare up?
Is there any side effect of not doing the communicating hydrocelle repair?
A week ago I used Monistat 1 (tioconazole) to treat a yeast infection. now I have a vaginal smell and I am wondering if I should use safeguard soap to help the smell?
Blood pressure is good sitting down 120/75 but just walking through room it goes to 140/90. I’m not overweight or in bad shape.
Can an ultrasound show tumors in the kidney or stomach cancer and what does it mean when an ultrason shows a swollen kidney air around the kidneys and a possible blockage for a 7 year old girl thanks very much?
Can I get a std, such as HIV from mutual materba with my partner? Cum touched clit but didn’t go inside the vagina and also touched a cut on my hand
Can I take oral terbinafine for onychomycosis? I had taken 45 oral membinafines.Now the skin of the foot is red and pain.
Can metronidazole topic cream be used vaginally? -
Can my child with hemofilia participate in activities? -
Can rogaine (minoxidil) cause weight gain, body aches, and pain in the kidney area?
Can scar tissue on the uterus and bladder appear on an ultrasound?
Can the ointment mupirocin USP 2 % cause a rash when applied if its expiration is?
Can the underactive detrusor once return to normal?
Can you explain how to go through marijuana drug test? -
The cycle was 2 weeks late with negative preg tests. Period was 14 days of light until medium bleeding. Now I have thick brown discharge.
Do I have to prove that im deficiency in gh in order to get therapy, I have heard gh has already been approved for height increase purpose since 2003?
Every morning I wake up perfectly normal, about an hour later, I’m so tired. I hardly can stay awake. I’ve also been a kind of dizzy.
Feels like something is stuck in the throat, shoulder and chest feel mildly heavy, upper back axis. No more coughing.
If sex then took plan b pill next day, a few days after the pill came light bleeding for 3 days, could I still be pregnancy?
Have had sex using a condom and withdrawal 1 week after the start of the last period. not on bc. now having lower stomach pressure period due in one week.
My doctor prescribed me Azithromicyn 500, they are too big to swallow, can I crush them up with food?
How can I handle friends who call me a 'junkie' for all my medicines for my disability?
How can I know if I have a vein or a blood blister?
How to fix loose upper teeth?
How likely is someone to give meningitis to anyone if he has taken the vaccine?
How long after conception begins implantation bleeding? last period 11/13-18 unprotected sex
How safe is the use of azte (zidovudine) for HIV-positive mothers?
How to cured urine infection.
How to figure out how many calories a day for a teenage girl to lose weight.
How to have your vaginal discharge smell nice.
I am 17 years old, and I have had trouble keeping or evenining an erection before sex. I have tried multiple times and don't know what to do anymore. It's really imbarazzing but my girlfriend said I should go to a doctor about it. I just masterb
I am 19 yrs old and what can I do with a good body workout?
I am experiencing urinary dribbling and abnormal urinal flow. Recently catheterized during surgery could this have caused my problems?
I discovered I get this weakness in my hand whenever I attempt to snap my fingers, slight pain runs across the elbow and wrist?
I have been ghetin white mucus in my eyes for the past two years and I don’t sick.
If both metanefrine fractioned tests were abnormal, what is the likity the ct of the abdomen and pelvis being abnational.
If I go to ER with a teeth sheet will it be pulled?
If I took 2 Claritin (loratadine) + d 24 hr pills yesterday at 2pm and taken 1 Claritin(loratadin) + D 24 hr pill today at 7am I technically overdose?
If I took the morning after the pill within 11hs after having unprotected sex what are my chances of not be pragent?
I had a root channel 3 months ago but the tooth is still sensitive to hot.
I had a surgery on my right scaphoid and it’s been ok until now. it’re hurting so bad I want to break down and idk what to take because Advil (ibuprofen) is not working and the doctor’s office is closed what do I do?
I had unprotected sex 7 or so days before my period 3 days later I had light blood that lasted for two days instead of usual 7.
I have a rash or damage skin on my stomach area and a little on my arms, the rash swells, red, flaky. I wanted to know what you thoughs were?
I have been on clonopin (clonazepam) for my gad for about 4 years, 2mg a day. How much will the withdrawals last?
I have been tested for every STD everything came back normal, the only problem is my pH at 8 how do I lower to 4?
I have hemorrhoids that are bleeding and painful. Have done sitz baths, using prep h wipes & cream. No thing is helping. Please advise?
I just found out today that I have chlamydia, but i breastfeed. is it possible that my child could have it to?
I'm 4 days late for my period I've been very stressed 2 nights I was about 10 hours late taking my birth control he pulled out.
I am 5 weeks pregnant and this morning had brownish spotting, my gin said this is normal and it was due to implantation, should I be worried?
I am on my period, and I had unprotected sex, and he came inside me. 2 days later, the bleeding from my menstruation stopped.
I am on opioids and want off. I am very messed up psychologically from my husband leaving me and I am depressed.
I am taking Clomid (clomiphene) since 3/4 months and my cycle 29 days, I am testing my ovulation every time and getting positive on 14/15 days and for 4 days is it ok?
I am taking prednisone for erythema multiforme and combined it with Nabumetone. A sunset like rash has formed on my chest and arms.
I am training for a marathon and I have pain in my plantaris muscle, how can I help me?
I recently stopped birth control. my last period was 16 oct, my cycles lasted about 32 days. I started noticing light blood from November 2 to November 15th?
Is a brain injury/brain damage considered to be the same as a mental ill?
Some people say combining banana with milk makes you gain weight. Some say bananas in themselves cause fat.
Is it OK to brush after filling up?
Is it possible for a seven panel urine drug screen to distinguy between Vyvanse (lisdexamfetamine) and concerta?
Is there a way I can talk to someone on the subscription I just bought for your service?
I took Plan B on February 11, 2015 after having unprotected sex two days before. now tonight I had protected sex, but the condom broke. I’m wondering if the Plan B is still effective 5 days later?
I took the morning after the pill last sat am and started nuvaring that evening. I removed nuiving 2 days ago and didn’t start.
I have been diagnosed with acid reflux GERD heartburn anxiety and pharyngitis have been constipated for a week I went today and there was a white spot?
I have been taking 25mg Benadryl (diphenhydramine) 2-3 times a day for about 6 months for involuntary movements.
I have had this bruise on my thigh for at least two months, and it has not yet healed.
I’ve noticed that after a few weeks of working out when I eat something it mistakes with my stomach and I end up with diarrhea before bed.
I was using the bathroom and was cleaning the toilet after I finished I had a bandid on both hands I raised the seat to clean it looked like dry blood?
I would like to help with my granddler.How do you cure a yeast infection? - I would want to help my grandde
Can Kleptomania be passed down in the genes?
Last week, the doctor put me on omeprazole for gastritis (not prior stomach problems.) since then, I have had a few green poops of mediating consistency.
My baby has red pimples like bumps on her arm and leg, they look almost like bug bites.
My boyfriend has been experiencing shortness of breath for the past week, he went to the doctor they checked all his vital signs and his oxygen level and everything came back a okay, you have any idea what the problem may be? please help me I'm really a good guy.
My ccp ab IgG came back at 221, sed in January 15 to now at 50. I was then put on prednisone until I see the RA may 6th.
My daughter is still showing symptoms of type 1 diabetes. what can we do?
My father is 81 and has Parkinson’s disease for the last 3 years. he can’t even move his hands and legs.
My first sonogram said I was 7 weeks pregnant due date 3/22. Next appointment (5 weeks after) sono measured bby at 13 weeks.
My gf had her period then after 2 days. we had sex she took planb its was 2 weeks already she hasn had her time is it because she just had her season?
My wife toked Plan B and 6 days later she began to spot for 2 days and stop could she be pregnant or its cause she was from Depo-Provera only a year?
Numbness on the right side of my cheek some twitching no other Symptoms elsewhere what could it be?
On 30mg Synthoid. Was on Armour. Liked Armour, but PCP switched out. All internet chatter sings praises of Armour and blasts Synthood. Why?
On Clomid (clomiphene) Just finished taking the last pill. Just noticed if I squeeze the right nipple quite strongly, a very tiny amount of clear sticky liquid came out?
Please describe a good source of calcium for children who have a milk allergy?
Please tell me, could a dentist take a tooth when infection is present? -
Possibility of being pregnant had sex and bleeding. is that normal or is there something wrong?
I smoked half a pack year when I was 20 and quit. will my lungs ever be healthy, also what long-term damage if any should I be concerned about?
Since Csection pain in hip during pms, bad cramps ultrasound labs pap were fine dr not concerned hormone changes?
Took a pregnancy test came up positive but very poor an I had an abortion 3 weeks ago what does this mean thanks?
Two negative STD tests and urethra doctor said he doesn’t know what it is but still mild burning when I pee.
What are some tips to make it easier to use eyedropes?
What are the reasons some people use digital pregnancy tests, and others use non-digital?
What are the right tests to take to determine and control systemic candida?
What are the symptoms of having a menoscal root tear in the knee?
What are Vasopressors?
What can we do about a painful throat smoke?
What can cause light yellow vaginal discharge? Also painful vagina? STD tests all clear never had this before. Can long-term abx be a cause?
What can cause random blackups/seizures?
What can cause ssri shock-like sensation if you’re out of a ssri for 45 days?
What can cause upper left sharp pain that radiates back with vomiting/paleness/weakness?
What can I do to treat my spots for tomorrow without products?
What causes you to vomite with a itchy throat?
What does it mean to have 91 for thyroid peroxidase antibodies, <1 for thyroglobulin antibodes, TSH 4.44, and T3, (liothyronine) TOTAL 72; no symptoms?
What does it mean when muscles are jumping like in your arm is this something serious?
What do you suggest if my grandmother had 2 massive strokes like that on?
What is the best material for bleaching your teeth?
What is Humor Therapy?
What is that company that tests for genes for smell urine from asparagus?
What is the anti-dose of taking too many cetrizyne hydrochlride? my friend has tried to commit suicide. what should I do to keep her safe from danger?
What is the definition and description of: duct?
What is the prevalence in green eyes? are they rare?
What is the treatment for maxilar sinus carcinoma?
What is uterine perforation and how is it treated? -
What kind of therapy is done after a knee cap breaks
What long-term health problems can you have if you take pain medication on a regular basis?
What is a over-the-counter drug for Chron's desire?
What should be done to lose the body weight in very short time?
What is the best medicine to treat yeast infections that a doctor can prescribe? excluding diflucan (fluconazole)
What is the best treatment for burn?
What is the best way to deal with 3rd degree bed pain?
What to do if I am 17 year old guy.2 days ago I notice weak erections and now I can’t even maintain it?
What to do if I have 3000mg of tegretole; 200mg pills. is this lethal enough?
Whenever I sit continuous for a long time then I get numbness tining in my arms legs and stifness tightness in the head or face.
When your iris leaks into your pupil is it the same as pupile into iris? what is it called? what causes? what problems can arise?
Where do I go for suspected wound infection (not surgeon but I didn’t have surgery.It’s a wound that healed by itself)?
What is better a partial hysterectomy or uterine ablation? -
Why does my vagina burn so much when I have sex with my husband? it only burns when I’m laying on my back or doggie style.
Worried about lung cancer. up back pain over 1 year now. had chest CT 8 months ago it was ok. 3 mris of throastic ok. Some cervical stenosis. Worry?
2 years ago I had lyme ab screen mildly elevated but western blot all non reactive. now im testing pos for igm 23 and igm 41.
6mm ground glass ill defined upper left lungs what percentage that its not cancer I am getting another CT scan in dec to check for growth?
4 5 days I feel pressure and pain in the front lobby part of the head. I feel dizzy. I thought it was just a cold. Ibuprofen was used. Do I have sinusitis?
8 months old looks to the side or looks up and after a couple of seconds shakes his head, and fusses. is that normal or absent seizers?
2 weeks of big neck pain now in the knee/wrist. Dix uric acid 465.2umol/L. Why is voltaren (diklofenac) helps but why is it not going away?
Is it early to get a bfp?When is the best time to go for a blood test to get an positive result?
2 months in 1 month I am pregnant.
5 days late of period took Plan B emergency contagius 5 days before the expected period went through 3 pregnect test all negative am I pregnet? (more...)
36 M with clean heart echo stress and lipids. no risk factors. pain in the lower back and localized pain in upper left chest for 9 mths. heart?
36 weeks and the doctor said she felt babies head from the vagina is work close?
21 yr female sexually active have an increase in appetit stay hungry and more intestinal movements what could be wrong?
34 year old. graying hair. has been stressful last year of change in life. does stress affect this in men? any advice to slow gray/tinning?
24yo f find myself sweating on the face and over body feeling so hot while doing simple tasks lasts for a few hours.
15 million spheres can be a father.
26 yo m with history of progressive venous insufficiency failed one years of conservative management. + family hx. Is delaying surgery a good idea.
32 weeks pregnant. headache strange leg weakness. should I call a doctor?
