After how many hours from drinking an antibiotic can I drink alcohol? I have a party tonight and I took my last dosage of Azithromycin this morning.
Am I overweight (192.9) for my age (39)?I am a 39 y/o male currently weighing about 193 lbs.
Aspirin allergy - is it worth getting a bracelet? My friend told me of this bracelete for Aspirin alergia.
At a doctor’s visit, I hit my head against a box on the wall containing dangerous materials (used syringes, used needles...). Will I get infected? Today morning, I had an appointment with the doctor. After that, I saw the nurse for a shot. As I got up, her toolbox fell all over me. She sent me home saying everything is okay.
Been on antibiotics 4 5wks top high tooth dentist cld not get needle 2 freeze 2 extract in gum really hurt she said its the tissues hve 2 go bk? plz I am unable to get tooth extraction, my dentist is unable To give me anesthesia.
Can Adderall (dextroamphetamine and racemic amphetamine) cause ear pressure and slight headaches at the end of the day?
Can aortic coartation cause poor growth in height? I am 4' 8".My mother said that I have a birth defect (aortic cortexation).
Can doxycycline treat an ear infection? Which antibiotic is best for a ear infected? I have an old course of doxycykline. Would it work?
Can vinegar help drain the sinus? I have been eating balsamic vinegar dressing with my salads and I feel them draining is that normal?? I have had sinus problems for a while now. my mom says vinegar would help with them.
Could Chiari malformation cause pituitary problems or diabetes insipidus? What are the effects of Chiari Malformations? My cousin has diabetes and his recent reports show pitutary issues. Is that related?
Could homeopathy for acne help? My sister sent me Dr. Reckeweg R52 Acne Vulgaris And Pimples Drop for my zits.
Could this medicine cause anxiety in a 12 year old? What are the side effects?
Could you tell me why my husband has been sweating and vomiting after injecting 30 units of lantis insulin? What should I do? My husband is a Type 2 Diabetic on Lantus Insulin & Actrapid (to be taken as by his blood sugar readings. About an hour back, he took his usual 30 unites of Lantos and vomited.
Does age increase the severity of ED symptoms/problems? I think I have ED. Would this get worse as I get older?
Does dermonu work for acne scars? Hey! I have been taking Dermonu for about a week now.
Extension from my last question. There is vaginal discharge too so ce I am ovulating. Could that cause the itching? Hey quick question. Is it normal to have itching during ovulation? Esp if it is a vaginal excretion?
Feeling frequent deja vu. I have had 3 panic attacks with in the last couple of months that has left me a little anxious and was wondering if it is that? Recurrent panic attacks, feeling of deja vu, anxiety.
Have neck/back problems for months and had muscle cramps in calves. Stressed. Have (anxiety) BP is somewhat healthy. Yesterday felt tingly in both hands & shaky. In 20s.. Now it’s off & on. Any ideas? Previous medical issues: anxiety, stress, backkache, neck pain, muscle spasms for months. Normal blood pressure. Is it normal to have some tingling in the hands?
Hello, I have had an ultra sound of the testicles and the inguinal area. No trace of hernia or adenopthy. The results came back completely normal. My doctor looked at it and felt it twice. He said it is definitely not a hernie and it is just slightly big I had my routine appointment yesterday and my doctor said the swelling near the crust is not herny. Ultrasound showed nothing. Is it possible to still have hernya or lymph node swelling if the ultrasound is negative for it?
How can someone’s happiness level affect someone’ s health? can staying happy improve my health? what specific steps should I take?
How common is it to have physical anxiety symptoms without feeling anxious? I have shakes and chest pain. But I am not feeling anxieties. Do you think that is normal?
How do add and ADHD differ? are ADD and ADHS the same? my sister is diagnosed with ADD.
How do I know if I have depression and anxieties?
How long does it take for herpes to break out? I had unprotected sex the 7th of this month.
How many Tylenol (acetaminophen) 3's are equal to a percocet? I am out of Percocet, how many Tylenoid pills should I take to give a similar amount of pain relief?
