Absolutely!	Absolutely is!	0
There 's a social group she can join to post in and not have to post publicly , if she wants .	There’s a social group that you can join to post and don’t have to post public if you want.	0
The Negro Pre-Adamite beast girl complains that this somehow mysteriously `` targets '' her .	The black ex-Adam's beast girl complains that it is somehow mysteriously "targeting" her.	1
This is from the back-file at Stormfront 's Advanced Scout forum which is solely devoted to promoting the Pioneer Litte Europe strategy .	This is a background document from the Advanced Scout Forum at Stormfront, which is dedicated to promoting the Pioneer Litte Europe strategy.	0
You acted like yourself .	You act like yourself.	0
I joined under another name way back in 2003 when SF Britain was a single page , i miss those early days the banter and comradeship was fantastic	I went back under a different name in 2003, when SF UK was a single page, I missed the early days, the band and comradeship was fantastic	0
Help me send a message to Obama : https : //petitions.whitehouse.gov/pet ... istan/SZP82fbc https : //petitions.whitehouse.gov/pet ... ation/PLzLzpnc https : //petitions.whitehouse.gov/pet ... -iran/Gs7L50Kv https : //petitions.whitehouse.gov/pet ... h-irs/s8XQx9Hs https : //petitions.whitehouse.gov/pet ... tates/nzjYDlGM	Please help me to send a message to Mr. Obama: https: //petitions.whitehouse.gov/pet... istan/SZP82fbc https: /petitions.whiteHouse.gov /pet... action/PLzLzpnc https : //petition.Whitehous.gov... -iran/Gs7L50Kv https://petitions	0
That is until she finds her glasses ! : stupid : jump	It's until she finds the glasses! : Idiot : Jump	0
I have no use for the NBA or any self important black celebrities .	I have nothing to do with the NBA or the black celebrities.	0
Yep same here , i have my wife here and we have 2 kids a 2 year old and a 1 month old .	Yes, here too, I have my wife here and we have two children, one 2 years old and one 1 month old.	0
YouTube - David Irving part 7 of 10	YouTube – David Irving part 3 of 10	0
i sort of understand where you are coming from but plenty of whites have sold us down the river so to speak although the jew is always in the background its very complicated will we ever find out the truth. somalians = scumalians !	I understand a bit where you come from, but a lot of white people have sold us on the river, so say that while Jews are always very complicated in the background, we will find out the truth.	1
I have heard that if a person uses normal bullets for target practicing and suddenly changes to FMJ bullet then he experiences performance degrade .	I’ve heard that if a person uses a normal bullet for a targeting exercise and suddenly turns into an FMJ bullet, then he will experience a performance decline.	0
I seriously ca n't figure what group I belong to ... any suggestions ? * The Mighty Sisto *	I really don’t understand which group I belong... have any advice? * Strong Sisto *	0
Racist attack on tv show south africa BBC - YouTube	Racial attacks on South African TV shows BBC - YouTube	0
Some places to look up jobs ..	There are places to search for jobs.	0
Elmira, N.Y.	Elizabeth, New York City	0
Not to mention the political correctness spew thrown into the ' actual learning ' .	Not to mention that political correctness was stolen into the “real learning.”	0
Leave now .	Get out now.	0
I went to buy some new socks today and a couple of t-shirts .	Today I bought a few new socks and a few t-shirts.	0
I can sincerely tell you that I am certain he was a beautiful man and I love names of honour and those which hold origo within our folklore . ... for him .	I am convinced that he was a beautiful man and I love the name of honor and that which holds the origins of our folk.	0
I prefer male teachers and my girlfriend says she likes female teachers .	I prefer male teachers, and my girlfriend says she loves female teachers.	0
Some day 's .	one of the days.	0
>>I would love to visist Ireland and eventually move there .	“I would like to visit Ireland and finally move there.	0
And make her practice .	and practice it.	0
It is nice to see the youth of today uniting ... you are the future of this movement 88	It is good to see today’s young people unite...you are the future of this movement.	0
( Source of quote. )	(See the source of this document)	0
You can send it to us at drmradio@ymail.com.	You can send it to us on drmradio@ymail.com.	0
OK.	Well well.	0
Only the crazy ones stay .	Only the mad people remain.	0
I saw a white and a black couple the other day and nearly went ballistic and got enraged .	The next day I saw a white couple and a black couple, almost ballisticated and angry.	1
Well we wo n't stand for that no more !	Well, we can never tolerate it anymore!	0
And then there 's Asiacourt , the once beautiful , safe , WHITE , area of Scarborough ... ( and the last i checked ) was a garbage infested Chinease outpost .	And then there’s Asiacourt, the Scarborough area, once beautiful, safe, white (and the last I reviewed) was a Chinese junk-infested plane.	1
However I hope we 'll get off our butts before then .	Still, I hope we can get out of the ass before that.	0
Welcome to the front lines ...	Welcome to front lines.	0
Hell I 'd rather clean a dozen tiolets a day then have to walk into a bathroom and see some mongrel standing there with a mop giving me a glassy-eyed stare .	Hell I’d rather clean a dozen pieces a day, and then had to go into the bathroom and see some Mongols standing there, and a Mop gave me a glossy eye look.	1
If anyone is interested in a meet up please feel free to pm me so we can set something up we are now in Toronto and St Catharines .	If anyone is interested in meeting, please be free to email me so that we can set up some of the things we are now in Toronto and St. Catherine.	0
When the wheel hits the road , it wo n't matter if you swing for yellow or black , just that you swing from the nearest overpass .	When the wheel hits the road, it doesn’t matter whether it’s yellow or black, it just hits the nearest passage.	1
I've gotten where I really do n't like pro sports of any type but the pomp and circumstance surrounding American football is just ridiculus .	I’ve come to the point that I don’t really like any kind of professional sport, but the atmosphere and situation around American football is just absurd.	0
The one part of the video that is n't surprising .	This is a video that is not surprising.	3
I hope Labrat can get it back , I liked the site .	I hope Labrat can come back and I like this site.	0
As long as my heart is true to the cause .	As long as I am true to the cause.	0
Judeo-Christians seem to focus on the idea that Jesus was a Jewish carpenter , from the line of Jewish king David .	Jewish-Christians seem to be focusing on the idea that Jesus was a Jewish carpenter from the order of Jewish King David.	0
Sub 50 yards , as 99 % of our conflicts will be when SHTF , this is probably the round of choice .	Under 50 yards, when 99% of our conflict is in SHTF, this is probably a round of choice.	0
My wife 's favorite place in Ireland is in the Kingdom , Cloghane Village , and O' Connor 's pub. I hope that place has n't been invaded .	My wife's favorite places in Ireland are Kingdom, Cologne Village and O'Connor's bars, and I hope this place is not invaded.	1
https : //www.youtube.com/watch ? v = 3rnRPhEwELo & index = 2 & list = FL3k6cf7xGPKJ02hiGVCjfCQ	https : //www.youtube.com/watch? v = 3rnRPhEwELo and index = 2 & list = FL3k6cf7xGPKJ02hiGGVCjfCQ	0
If the White House was a mud hut I might believe it ... however it looks like the exact same architecture as many other European designed/built structures .	If the White House were a mud hut, I could believe it... but it looks exactly like the same architecture that many other European structures have designed.	0
Anyone remember an old greyhound track ( since been closed ) in London called ' White City ' ?	Who remembers the old green track in London called 'White City'?	0
?	→ →	2
I have nothing against them .	I don't have anything against them.	0
I' v checked them out but could n't find much but apparently they have presence in Britain .	I’ve checked them, but I can’t find a lot, but they seem to have a presence in Britain.	0
Steel casing have to be harder on the gun .	The steel box must be heavier on the weapon.	0
drinking does ease the sorrow of a lonely life .. it 's so tempting to just go out and get drunk , and laid like i did in my youth .. but i have n't got the energy for it anymore .. more likely to lie in bed and cry until it 's time to go work .. still hoping life gets better than this : drink 2508	Drinking relieves the sadness of lonely life... it’s just so tempting to go out and get drunk and lie down as I did when I was young, but I don’t have the energy for it anymore... I’m more likely to sleep in bed and cry until the time comes to go to work... I still hope that life will be better.	0
I've lost count of the many SF MODs who wanted me to leave .	I lost the number of SF MODs who wanted to leave me.	0
Where in Alabama are you ?	Where is you in Alabama?	0
The jews in Hollywood would almost be happy about that	The Jews of Hollywood would be almost happy with that.	0
I so hope that coon got life in jail or the death penaltyYou did and are doing the best you can nobody can ask for more .	I hope that Coon gets life in prison or death penalty you do and do the best you can, no one can ask anymore.	1
Please do n't use the fallacy of authority either .	Please do not use authority errors.	0
They show music videos on day time and movies and other shows in the nights .	They show music videos during the daytime and films and other shows at night.	0
I know I would stick up for a white girl any day .	I know I will be attached to a white girl anytime.	0
Have not done DNA testing , but looking at the family tree I can see that it 's mostly British with some Italian and Scandinavian thrown in for good measure .	I didn’t do a DNA test, but looking at the family tree, I could see it was mostly British, with some Italians and Scandinavians being thrown into a good scale.	0
Make a visit here , lad . .	Please visit here, Madam.	0
The Jews say they are The Chosen Ones The Blacks say they are the original Hebrews Israelites Our worst enemies want to be us and we refuse to accept that we are HIS ! ... and so it goes ..	The Jews say they are the chosen, and the blacks say they’re the original Hebrew Israelites.Our worst enemy wants us and we refuse to accept that we are Him.	1
I would like to say that I really had a great time last night and that I felt it was a very well organized night with a great message .	I want to say I felt like I had a really great time last night and it was a very well-organized night with a great message.	0
I have a Bear compound bow I bought many years ago .	I have a bear composed of the bow that I bought several years ago.	0
If anyone wants to watch sports , whether white or non-white , let them .	If someone wants to watch sports, whether they are white or non-white, leave them.	0
David Duke with Bruno Gollnisch !	David Duke and Bruno Gollnich.	0
Nope.	and NOPE!	0
For our Folk , Melody	For our people, the melody.	0
I live in northern Alberta and even there I ca n't get away from them .	I live in North Alberta, and even there I will not leave them.	0
Isn't wonderful to both be living in a free nation with a First Amendment where you can have your dictionary definition that works for you and I can have my dictionary definition that works for me ?	Isn’t it strange that we all live in a free country, with a First Amendment where you can have your dictionary definitions that are valid for you, and I can have my dictionary definition that is correct for you?	0
The last thing we need is for whites to start talking ebonics .	The last thing we need is that the white people begin to speak ebonic.	0
and I just want to put it out there I have the receipts for all but what I gave debras and what I gave to the mechanic in Elgin for debras van but as you can see from leithnd.com even they watched me pay that just go to town news and click on the November 29th post	I just wanted to put it there, and I had receipts, except for everything I gave DeBlas and I gave the mechanics of Elgin, but as you can see the Debras truck, even if they watched me pay, just go to the City News and click on the November 29 post.	0
Hell they fry it in lard and eat it with rice .	They baked it in hell and ate it with rice.	0
Because behaving like civilized and educated person is `` to white '' for negroes .	Because behaving as a civilized and educated person is “white-white” for blacks.	1
So , TALK TO ME !!	Talk to me!!	0
I was a Right Sector supporter but it starts to sound as if they are in fact just Israeli agents ......	I was a supporter of the right sector, but in reality it started to sound like they were Israeli agents.	0
Truly .	Really real.	0
I was happy to see only whites in that movie , though there could 've been a few jews or half jews there but I would n't know .	I'm glad to see only white people in this film, although there might be a few Jews or half Jews there, but I don't know.	0
Hey There I just moved here to Saskatoon and was hoping to hook up with some WN in the city here .	Hey There I just moved to Saskatoon and hoped to connect with some WNs in the city here.	0
I remember after the Boston Marathon bombings watching Fox News and they said law enforcement was consulting Israel for advice .	I saw the Fox News after the Boston Marathon bombing and they said that the law enforcement consulted Israel for advice.	0
You wo n't see any of them in a thread like this who do n't come just to take a cheap shot at us via strawman arguments or ad hominems .	You won’t see any of them in threads like this who just don’t bring us cheap shots through strawman arguments or ad hominems.	0
Here is the link to our Youth Corps page , just click on the words !	Here's the link to our Youth Corps page, just click on the words!	0
Seems like our message is getting to the right people .	It seems that our message has reached the right people.	0
Whatever other activities they have been doing I am currently unaware of .	I do not know what activities they have done so far.	0
Every white person is welcome here with the reminder to have an eye for the gypsies .	All white people are welcome here as a reminder to turn their eyes to the Gypsy.	0
It's a shame that universities of Canada import black and brown people .	It is a shame that Canadian universities import black and brown people.	1
See the new thread @ https : //www.stormfront.org/forum/t989503/	See the new topic @ https: //www.stormfront.org / forums/t989503/	0
Blood and Honour is a world wide white organisation .	Blood and Honor is a world-wide white organization.	0
Israel arrests him i bet Lentin and co are very happy.All students looking in see what scum the Jews are.Details here www.normanfinkelstein.com	Israel has arrested him and I am very pleased with Lantin and his colleagues. all students see what the Jews are looking at. more details here www.normanfink	1
Dangers of government schools : exposing your kids to philosophy like this ....	The danger of government schools: exposing children to such philosophy.	0
open a new shop somewhere get my son more interested in education ( he hates school ) help mor ein my community try to whiten things up > >	Opening a new store somewhere so my son gets more interested in education (hates school) helps my community try to whiten things.	1
This is an impressive site .	This is a impressive site.	0
I'll be over in Riga in a few days .	I will be in Riga in a couple of days.	0
Most of these MODs are gone now .	Most of those mods are now gone.	0
Incredible range of animals we 've got here .	The incredible variety of animals we have here.	0
They would perform a rape test and get the evidence immediately .	They will conduct rape tests and get evidence immediately.	0
Israeli Embassy in Ireland had to take note of the graffiti giving their Jewish supremacists worldwide and in Ireland being given notice. scroll down to their 6/6/13 entry on their Israel in Ireland fb page https : //www.facebook.com/IsraelinIreland	The Israeli embassy in Ireland should have known their graffiti to their Jewish supremacists around the world, and they should have been notified in Ireland. /www.facebook.com/IsraelinIreland	0
Since you guys are opposed to miscegenation , I wonder what you think of yourselves being mixed .	Because you are against miscegenation, I wonder what you think about yourself to be mixed.	0
In many countries the Jew/white liberal will throw you in jail for longer than a murderer for denying their `` evidence '' !	In many countries, Jewish/white liberals will throw you in jail for longer than a killer for denying their “proofs”!	1
I love audio !	I like the audio!	0
ApÃ © ro gÃ © ant : trois jeunes soupÃ § onnÃ © s de viol https : //www.stormfront.org/forum/t809905/	© www.stormfront.org/forum/t809905/	2
They 'd be ostracized for including a scene like this in a Disney movie today .	They would be deprived of such scenes for being included in today’s Disney movies.	0
CF	cf is	0
There was not one white child amongst them .	There was no single white child among them.	0
It is about time damn it If we keep listening to the damn Ass teachers we are going to change from Aryan to Airy Einstein is Airy want us to believe in time travel and hooking up a hose to the sky to funnel dark energy when the damn professors funneling funds and teaching Einstein 's stupidity I can prove Einstein stupid and I tried to meet David Duke to end Einstein and he did not reply Any History makers ?	If we continue to listen to the fucking ass teacher, we will turn from Ariane to the air that Einstein is the air, we want to believe that time travel and connect to a rope in the sky to blow out dark energy, and when fucking professor blows out money and teaches Einstein's foolishness I can prove Einstein stupid, I try to meet David Duke at the end of Einstein, he didn't answer any historian?	0
I take it as a compliment when someone calls me a Nazi because they are essentially comparing me to the greatest men to have ever walked this planet .	When someone calls me a Nazi, I take it as a compliment, because they essentially compare me to the greatest people who have walked on this planet.	0
True point .	The real point.	0
I 'll have a lot of Asian teachers when I transfer to university though .	I have many Asian teachers when I move to the university however.	0
White Rage , it 's what 's for dinner !!	White Rage, it’s what’s for dinner!	0
Can anyone confirm if the Nuclear Plant has melted down or not ? ( I sincerely hope that it has not melted down or has been damaged in a dangerous radio active cloud spreading way. )	Can you verify whether the nuclear power plant has melted or not? (I sincerely hope it has not melting or has not been damaged by the way dangerous radioactive clouds spread).	0
It 's all about race mixing .	This is about mixed races.	0
Not a chance .	No chance.	0
Was this the first time these guys have been caught in Ireland or has there been more situations like this ?	Is this the first time these people have been arrested in Ireland, or are there more similar situations?	0
Now spitting is n't very ladylike , but it 's pretty funny , it gets the point across in all languages and they are left behind while you go away safely .	Now the foam is not very beautiful, but it’s quite fun, it’ll get to the point in all languages and be left behind as you’re going out safely.	0
Then the Mother rings the dinner bell on the porch .	Then the mother called the bell to dinner on the porch.	0
Hitlerjugend Quex Der Ewige Jude Jude Suss Those are some movies the Nazi 's made and are very good and informative .	Hitlerjugend Quex Der Ewige Jude Suss These are some of the Nazi-made films, and very good and informative.	1
Post freely , in all forums .	Free posts on all forums.	0
Sure seen a few Munster fans with it too last weekend .	I’m sure to see some Montreal fans with it this weekend as well.	0
I will grin and bear it and keep on getting respectable grades .	I will laugh, endure it, and continue to get a respected rating.	0
Yeah, if msnbc would air videos like this they 'd get much higher ratings than the same ole negro grumblings .	Yes, if msnbc broadcasts these videos, they’ll get a much higher rating than the same ole negro grumblings.	1
And I also hope that thing like that is not gonna happen with our brothers from Belarus and Ukraine , who are also working illegaly on construction jobs .	And I also hope that this kind of thing will not happen to our brothers from Belarus and Ukraine, who also work illegally on	0
Please watch your six brothers and sisters we are all targets to some degree .	Please observe your six brothers and sisters, we are all to some extent targeted.	0
this gonna be a long post I see - konavle - look better - it is ours on this map ... small land but important	this will be a long post that I see - konavle - look better - it's our on this map... small country, but important	0
It has been reported for a hour now that weapons have fallen into the hands of the opposition in Ternopil and Lviv after seizing of government installations .	One hour ago, the guns fell into the hands of the opposition in Trnople and Livov after the occupation of government facilities.	0
haha I was thinking the same thing !	Haha, I thought the same thing!	0
In Canada , I 'm sure it means American Injun/Innuit .	In Canada, I'm sure that means American Injun/Innuit.	0
Never.	never ever.	0
I wonder if we will have to wait until the trial for a photo .	I wonder if we need to wait for the trial to take a picture.	0
http://www.amv3.com/forum/viewtopic.php ? p = 5542#5542	http://www.amv3.com/forums/viewtopic.php? p = 5542 #5542	0
Over looking Howe Sound .	Look at the Howe sound.	0
I refused to swerve my truck away , they scattered like a troop of baboons being charged by a lion .	I refused to take my truck out, and they dispersed like a group of lions loaded.	1
The Savage Mark ll is affordable , accurate , and comes with the adjustable Accutrigger .	Savage Mark ll is affordable, accurate, and equipped with an adjustable Accutrigger.	0
I had to get used to her looking like that because she looked so obviously fake .	I have to get used to her to look like that because she seemed so obviously false.	0
http://www.youtube.com/watch ? v = 0Ljpk ... elated & search =	HTTP://www.youtube.com/watch? v=0Ljpk... Excellent & Search =	0
My * specialty * is network security .	My specialty* is network security.	0
I would probably vote for him if he was on the ballot .	I could vote for him if he participated in the vote.	0
Also after sticking them on you can coat them in a flour/water mixture like they use for large posters and it dries see through and is damn near impossible to remove later .	Furthermore, after sticking them, you can dye them into a mixture of flour and water, just like they are used for large posters, which will dry and almost impossible to remove later.	0
#11 caps are useless on this particular gun , as you go around the cylinder at least one full revolution before they can actually seat fully and fire .	#11 Hats are useless on this particular gun because you’re going around at least one circle before they can actually fully sit down and shoot.	0
Here is a link to Philippe Rushton 's review of Vanhanen and Lynn 's IQ and the Wealth of Nations : http://www.ssc.uwo.ca/psychology/fac ... /L & Vreview.pdf	Here is a link to Philippe Rushton's review of Vanhanen and Lynn's IQ and wealth in the nation: http://www.ssc.uwo.ca/psychology/fac... /L & Vreview.pdf	0
A History of Everyday Things in England 1066-1499 .	The history of everyday things in England from 1066 to 1499	0
Our brothers & sisters in SA must stand their ground because they have earned through the blood and sweat of their ancestors .	Our brothers and sisters must stand on their land because they have gained through the blood and thirst of their ancestors.	0
Oh the irony ....	It is ironic...	0
The kids were not allowed to talk .	The children were not permitted to talk.	0
YouTube - The Barbie Doll Test	YouTube – the Barbie Doll test.	0
As of March 13th , 2014 , the booklet had been downloaded over 18,300 times and counting .	Since March 13, 2014, the booklet has been downloaded and counted more than 18,300 times.	0
We will never forget this to your nation and to your country !	We will never forget that to your country and your country!	0
Their cheerleaders went to court for their First Amendment rights in putting Bible verses on their football game banners & won .	Their cheerleaders went to court for the right to the first amendment of putting a Bible verse on a football game banner.	0
The link appears to have been broken .	The link seems to be broken.	0
They decided to go on a road trip .	They decided to take a road trip.	0
If I could create a disease that wipes out all Black 's I would .	If I could create a disease that would wipe out all blacks, I would do it.	1
This does n't make her not want to go outside and play .	That doesn’t mean she doesn’d want to go out and play.	0
I can give you her Skype and she will answer all your questions .	I can give her Skype to you and she will answer all your questions.	0
Apparently white people are the last to go out of their race for dating anyways !	Clearly, white people come last in the race for dating anyway!	0
The Aryan Body , Mind and Soul - Prodigies and Geniuses Johann Sebastian Bach ( March 31 , 1685 - July 28 , 1750 ) Johann Sebastian Bach was a German composer , organist , violist and violinist whose ecclesiastical and secular works for choir , orchestra and solo instruments drew together the strands of the Baroque period and brought it to its ultimate maturity .	The Aryan Body, Mind and Soul - Prodigies and Geniuses Johann Sebastian Bach (March 31, 1685 – July 28, 1750) was a German composer, organist, violinist, and violinista for hall, orchestra, and solo instruments.	0
I did feel for the white teachers and especially the white kids who went to the schools .	I was impressed by white teachers, especially white children who went to school.	0
With the exception of two mestizo teachers , all my teachers from kindergarten to now have been white .	All my teachers from kindergarten until now, with the exception of the two Mestizo teachers, were white.	0
If its a non white they cover it up .	If it is a non-white, cover it.	0
www.third-reich-books.com - English translations of hundreds of Third Reich originals without negative commentary !	www.third-reich-books.com - Hundreds of Third Reich original English translations without negative comments!	0
Just be patient and go slow .	Just have patience and go slowly.	0
Reminds me of Homer Simpson 's `` angry art '' This looks like something I made as a kid [ the winner ! ]	It reminds me of Homer Simpson’s “Angry Art” “This looks like something I did when I was a kid!	0
I wonder if one of the victims opened the door to their apartment for some reason .	I wonder if one of the victims for any reason opened the door to their apartment.	0
The language itself , though , is nowhere near that .	However, the language itself is not close to that.	0
The concept of carrying thousands of varmit rounds to enable spray and pray in battle is a post Korean War concept .	The concept of carrying thousands of rounds to allow spray and prayer in the battle is a post-Korean concept.	0
I stillz listens to da Eminem and Wu-Tang Klan ( Big Up ! ) an sheot , but bitches know not ta reprazent !	I still listen to Eminem and the Wu-Tang Klan (Big Up!), but the prostitutes don’t know how to replace him.	0
I've read many post on here saying Israel gives training to US law enforcement .	I have read a lot of posts here that state that Israel is training U.S. law enforcement.	0
And on the ground ground and pound and submissions have finished hundreds of fighters over the years .	On the ground and on the pound and submissions have been completed by hundreds of warriors for years.	0
There are n't any towns down here that are as clean and well kept as Kalispell .	No city here is as clean and well preserved as Kalispell.	0
Clemente 's friend , told detectives the couple had broken up about two weeks ago and Demps had moved out of the house .	Clemente’s friend told the detectives that the couple had separated about two weeks ago and that Demps had left the house.	0
Anybody else notice we have a lot of asians showing up here lately all wanting to share their thoughts ?	Others notice that we have a lot of Asian people who have recently appeared here, and everyone wants to share their ideas?	0
Perhaps consider asking a friend to put up a/some flyers that show him and say that he is a statuatory rapist who preys on underage white girls !	Per consider asking a friend to show him and throw him a plane that says he is a kidnapping kidnapper!	0
Just me .	Just me!	0
Hey Frank if I wasnt on the other side of the planet would I do .	If I had been on the other side of the planet, I would do it.	0
Paying for sky sports is nearly as bad .	Payment for sports is probably equally bad.	0
Just badly spelt like everything else in Holland ?	Is it like everyone in the Netherlands?	0
Definitely would n't go to try to buy some of those useless weapons .	I will not try to buy some of these unnecessary weapons.	0
Ya got a virgin shooter .	He has a virgin shot.	0
They should be executed forthwith and publically .	They must be executed immediately and publicly.	0
There is nothing patriotic in acting like a nagger .	There is nothing to act like a patriot.	0
In South Africa crime is out of hand and the Whites are bearing the brunt .	In South Africa, crime is out of control and white people are taking on the burden.	0
Ya have to watch how they change the wording of things , worker = commie thinking .	Yes, they need to see how they change the phrase of things, workers = common thought.	0
Three and a half hour after I 've told them the same , and they still keep talking on and on about nothing .	Three and a half hours later, I told them the same thing, and they continue to talk about nothing.	0
I 'm too close to the left coast .	I'm too near the left coast.	0
Only a few small edits have occurred since the last bump for this article .	Only a few small changes have taken place since the last time this article was published.	0
So do I. The small dogs like those maltese and things we call stoep kakkers , because all they are good for is leaving turds on your stoop .	The little dogs, like the Maltese and the things we call cocker, because everything is good for them, is to leave torrents in their torrent.	1
I was fortunate enough to be blessed with Reddish Blond hair .	I was lucky to be blessed by Reddish blondes.	0
They were kind of up in arms but said most Scots are lefties .	They had weapons, but most Scots said they were Lefty.	0
I've never heard of this but I guess that it would be based on the amount of food our country produces .	I have never heard of this, but I suppose it would be based on the amount of food that our country produces.	0
Were you to ever witness the `` fighting unto death '' displayed by game fowl you 'd soon discover that theres nothing chicken about chickens .	If you've witnessed the "fighting to death" marked by the game bird, you'll soon find that there are no chickens for the chicken.	0
Its funny how the unregistered members or the open forum members try to rationalize their thoughts	It's funny how unregistered members or open forum members try to streamline their thoughts	0
Hello, Do you want to know how i think nationalism ?	You want to know what I think of nationalism?	0
Guess you must have forgotten engles from lack of use Try it is espagnol !	You should have forgotten about English as a lack of use guess it is Spanish!	0
MVI 0147 Dead Pig Stops New Mosque Construction !	MVI 0147 Dead Pig stops the construction of a new mosque!	0
Warning : Graphic .	Warning: Graphic	0
And it 's true !	And it’s true!	0
If we dont stop fighting over territory , we will have none left to ourselfes anyones .	If we don’t stop fighting on the territory, we won’t have anything for ourselves.	0
In concerns of ' chaos ' , within Greek mythology Chaos was held to be the primal space between heaven and earth , being mother to all substances arising from air .	In the concerns of 'chaos', within Greek mythology, chaos was considered the original space between heaven and earth, and was the mother of all matter that occurs in the air.	0
-Strictly , no goyim friends .	Strictly speaking, there are no friends.	0
I live in the Northern Jesery ( Essex ) but i have a Summer house in Ocean County also that im always at .	I live in northern Essex, but I have a summer house in Ocean County.	0
Eventually , the city would take it back and I 'd be out ten bucks. more entertainment .	Eventually, the city will get it back, and I’ll get out $10.	0
One school that stood out was an elementary schoolI was sent to that was 100 % black .	One school was the elementary school I sent to, and it was 100% black.	0
What educational goals or philosophies influence what curricula you pick ?	What educational objectives or philosophies affect which curricula you choose?	0
What u look like ?	How do you look like?	0
I remember in grade 8 doing a project on that , and I got punished by the teacher because `` only blacks were slaves '' She was an idiot !	I remember doing a project in the 8th grade and I was punished by a teacher because "only the black people are slaves" she was a fool!	0
I 'm just worried about screening cause some amateur shows dont pay and also if there is no medical tests someone might have aids .	I’m just worried about screening because some amateur shows don’t pay and someone might be helpful if there’s no medical tests.	0
I also have been talking to a person from Denmark , and I learned about gingerbread , dancing around the tree , and the various customs of Jul ( Dinner , place presents under the tree , desert , dance around tree , open presents ) .	I also spoke with a man from Denmark who learned about gingerbread, dancing on trees, and the various customs of Christmas (dinner, putting gifts under the tree, the desert, dance around trees and opening gifts).	0
It looks like it 's not likely to go anywhere , but this could potentially trigger a panic buying frenzy which would make armor hard to find and jack prices thru the roof overnite .	It seems unlikely to go anywhere, but this can potentially cause a panic buying fear that makes it difficult to find armor through the roof and can jack the price.	0
I 'm sure I 'm not missing much .	I'm sure I don't miss a lot.	0
To learn more , click here : www.jonasridgeway.com/tech2.html www.spiritual.com.au/astral.html www.astralweb.org www.near-death.com/experiences/cayce01.html www.astralvoyage.com/projection/index.html It would be pretty cool for teachers to tell White kids they go out-of-body every night .	For more information, click here: www.jonasridgeway.com/tech2.html www.spiritual.com.au/astral.htmlwww.astralweb.org www.near-death.com-experiences/cayce01.html www	0
Let black people to join the result of `` diversity '' , is a glass of milk , for example , put a drop of ink in , before you put sugar , spices , put ice in all can drink , milk was completely dark to put ink become useless junk .	The result of black people adding “diversity” is a glass of milk, for example, putting a drop of ink in it, and when you put sugar, spices, ice, in everything you can drink, the milk is completely dark, put the ink in and it becomes useless garbage.	1
I live in Napervile , and CF < let me know when ya have a date for that get together , I would love to go .	I live in Napervile, and CF < let me know when there is a date for it, I want to go.	0
If you look on http://www.audiogalaxy.com and type in the name of the artist in Latin characters you can find a lot of songs , especially by the more popular musicians .	If you look at www.audiogalaxy.com and type in the artist's name in Latin characters you can find lots of songs, especially by the more popular musicians.	0
Black Student Protesters Beaten By White Students At South African University Rugby Match Okayafrica .	Black students are beaten by white students in a rugby match at the South African University of Okayafrica.	0
Òîïëåññ-äåâóøêè èç ÆÆ ( 35 ôîòî ÍÞ ) - Fishki.Net | Ôèøêèíà Êàðòèíêà	Thus, it is not unlikely that we will be able to do what we are doing, but we will have to do it.	2
This is a video of a band from the Upper Silesian village of Zebowice ( Zembowitz-Fohrendorf ) , it is the town with the highest percentage of Germans in Poland .	This is a video of a group of the village of Zebowice (Zembowitz-Fohrendorf), which is the city with the highest percentage of Germans in Poland.	0
Hit first and hit hard .	The first hit and the hard hit.	0
You sound right , but at 5-10 feet in your bedroom ?	You sound right, but 5 to 10 feet from your bedroom?	0
All with an ulterior motive , of course ....	And there are other motives, of course.	0
More the reason why I want to home school my kids .	There are more reasons why I want to go to school for my kids.	0
Second , I really hope one day you chauvinists try to take our Transylvania from us ! 1330 Posada , ring a bell ? 1467 Baia , ring a bell ? 1599 Selimbar , ring a bell ?	Secondly, I really hope that one day you chauvinists will try to take away our Transylvania! 1330 Posada, call the bell? 1467 Bay, call to the Bell? 1599 Selimbar, I call the Bell.	0
Great thread Here is one to do with parking .	A good trail here is one related to parking.	0
That was me .	That is me.	0
All their coworkers are white , NE asian or indian/paki , except one guy worked with a mestizo for a few weeks on a project .	All of her colleagues are white, NE Asians or Indians/Paki, except for one man who worked on a project with a Mestizo for a few weeks.	0
Two black fag 's holding hands .	Two black men hold hands.	3
This is completely disgusting ... How can we continue to house these people who have complete contempt for us and all our laws and customs ?	This is a completely disgraceful thing... how we can keep these people at home, who have completely neglected us and all our laws and customs?	1
I've recently gotten a recommendation for Peaceful Warrior .	I have recently received a recommendation for the Peaceful Warrior.	0
I had an Ohhhh lightbulb moment .	I had a light bulb moment.	0
We do need to stop judging each other and get o line for an hour and go do something `` positive '' in our area.Lets talk solution not petty diferences .	We need to stop judging each other and get O-line for an hour and do something “positive” in our field.	0
We are so excited about this baby .	I am so excited for this baby.	0
16	sixteen	0
When Jimmy snapped the pass to Johnny he dropped the ball , then recovered it on his own 36 yard line .	When Jimmy throwed the pass to Johnny, he dropped the ball and recovered it from his 36 yards line.	0
Is there evidence to support/oppose this ?	Are there any evidence to support or oppose this?	0
We have already reached that point ages ago !	We have reached this point years ago!	0
Like was posted above blacks are waking up more whites then prowhites .	As published above, black wakes up more white than white.	0
Also some of us on here , like myself , do not believe in the genocide of another race which is what abortion is doing to the Black race as 92 % of abortion clinics are in Black communities , we just do n't believe in race mixing .	Similarly, some of us, like me, don’t believe in the other race’s genocide, that’s what abortion does to the black race, because 92% of the abortions are located in the black community, we just don’ts believe in racism mix.	1
Dare I say , the Whole world is now looking to Ireland with much pride ....	I can say that the whole world now looks at Ireland with great pride...	0
The Peter Green book is pretty good .	Peter Green's book is quite good.	0
Angry sheboon trashes liquor store .	The anguished cabron is wasting the liquor store.	1
They love art and high culture .	They love the art and the high culture.	0
HUNGARY IN WW2 : FOR THE JUSTICE !!!	Hungary at WW2: For Justice!!!	0
Here is the Link http://www.geocities.com/switchblade...ftheblood.html	This is the link to http://www.geocities.com/switch...ftheblood.html	0
What a fantastic idea !	What a wonderful idea!	0
Rüütel , which is here [ in Iceland ] on a public visit with his wife , Indgrid Rüütel , said furthermore tat alot of fear had been of Soviets using military force after their decloration of independance .	Rüütel, who was here (in Iceland) with his wife, Indgrid Rütel in public visits, said that, in addition, there was much fear that the Soviet Union would use military force after the declaration of independence.	0
That has been proven many times over by the Jew media in the U.S !	This has been proven repeatedly by Jewish media in the United States!	0
I love listening to their stories of how things used to be .	I like to listen to their stories about how things were.	0
Just got the Gmail account , having trouble getting good results on Google news , where else can I look ?	I just had the Gmail account, struggling to get good results on Google news, where can I search?	0
He was a saint apparently hope nothing awful happens to my white brother and sisters in SA , keep safe .	He was apparently a saint with the hope that nothing terrible would happen to my brother and white sisters in SA.	0
However they had Slavic names already after two generations showing that they were outnumbered and mixed with the local Slav populations .	However, they already had Slavic names two generations later, indicating that they exceeded the local Slavic population.	0
I do n't watch TV at home at all any more .	I no longer watch television at home.	0
All new posters are under moderation to start with , but this is lifted fairly quickly .	All new posters are adjusted to get started, but this is removed quite quickly.	0
Don't think you supremacists would ever be able to build up the force of resistance that Irish Republicans did mate .	Don’t think that the supremacists could never build the resistance force that the Irish Republicans had associated.	0
The parents who could n't teach on weekdays could teach on Saturday .	Parents who cannot teach on Sundays can teach on Saturdays.	0
Anything ??	Something?	0
I just called her and told her next time to save it and come to me , from there we can go to my attorney and see if there is anything we can do to stir the pot .	I just called her to get it to her the next time and come to me, from there we can go to my lawyer and see if there is something we can shake the pot	0
Meanwhile back in their ancestral homelands their races are and will always remain the overwhelming majority .	Meanwhile, returning to their ancestral homelands, their race will always remain an overwhelming majority.	0
Through numbers alone 200 million whites in this country some of these white kids should be doing wrestling and getting into MMA through wrestling .	Among the figures only 200 million white people in this country, some of these white children should fight and enter the MMA through the fight.	0
Lady Alma-Tadema Dreams .	The dreams of Mrs. Alma Tadema.	0
These `` black people '' have the nerve to call themselves human. . .	These “black men” have the nerve of calling themselves humans.	1
Nasty..	is boring.	0
It will be belated wishes now because I wont get the chance to see Nick until after the new year but I will pass them on .	The chance to meet Nick will not be until the end of the New Year, so now it will be a late wish, but I will pass them on.	0
Would the gentleman kindly tell us , can wogs be Irish ?	Gentlemen can kindly tell us, wogs can be Irish	0
It is time we resurrected ( & improve ) this art .	Now is the time for us to revive (and improve) this art.	0
Besides news and night-time shows .. Its shocking	In addition to the news and night time program, the shock	0
Wolves and dogs have been living on this planet for thousands of years because they work together .	Wolves and dogs have lived on this planet for thousands of years, because they have worked together.	0
I guess I would be destined for the gas chambers .	I think I’m going to go to the gas chambers.	1
Iron sights .	View of Iron.	0
London is f' ked .	“London is f’ ked.	0
Thank you for everything ...	Thanks for everything....	0
i think this was one of the first forums i posted in too. i do n't think it 's a standard by which to judge someone. mike	I think this was one of the first forums that I also posted. i don't think it's a standard by which I'm judging anyone. mike	0
Will you marry me and be my eternal wife in this life and when we enter Valhalla together ?	Will you marry me and be my eternal wife in this life and when will we enter the Valhalla together?	0
But the best are here , they certainly are n't africans - multiculturalism is the funeral pyre of a society , & those who welcome it are either fools or traitors	But the best here, they’re not African – multiculturalism is a funeral for society, and those who welcome it are fools or traitors.	0
For a start , the main character has a change of heart .	To begin with, the protagonist has a change of heart.	0
I go to van city at least once a year .	I go to the town at least once a year.	0
Are you a Jew ?	Do you be a Jew?	0
R1b is the most common haplotypes defining the Europeans	R1 b is the most common haplotype defining the Europeans.	0
I am sorry but it is the truth .	I'm sorry but it's the truth.	0
Bunch of phonies .	Bunch of phonies	0
Do n't mess with Texas	Do not confuse Texas.	0
I think if there are cases of infected people in your area , then yeah Id take them out of school .	I think if there are cases of people infected in their area, then yes ID takes them out of school.	1
We Whites are built for grappling .	We white men were built for capture.	0
.457 round ball over an Ox Yoke Wonder Wad , over a 30gr Pyrodex pistol pellet , which is over 5-25 grains by volume of FFFg equivalent 777 ... fired by a #10 Remington Magnum percussion cap .	.457 round ball on an Ox Yoke Wonder Wad, on a 30gr pistol piroxide, which is more than 5-25 grains per volume of FFFg equivalent to 777... shot by a #10 Remington Magnum battery.	0
Good way to lose weight eat green salads .	The best way to lose weight is to eat green salads.	0
------------------------------------------ John	── ─	0
I had another picture on here at one point , with my old account , but it must be in the old thread .	I had another photo at some point on my old account, but it must be on the old line.	0
Hungry Horse July 1st , 2011 February 25th , 2012 March 4th , 2012 - C-Falls	Hungry Horse July 1, 2011 February 25, 2012 March 4, 2012 — C-Falls	0
We are looking to close on the land soon thats all I can say about the location , but I will tell you it will be in the southeast of the USA .	We’re going to close in the countryside soon, that’s all I can say about the location, but I’ll tell you it’ll be in the southeastern U.S.	0
On a scale of cute babies I 'd say this little man scores a 10 all the way around .	On the scale of cute babies, I’ll say this little guy raises around 10 points.	0
It always turns ugly eventually , and then the thread will be locked .	It always gets ugly at the end, and then the lines are locked.	0
there's working class and there 's chav. they 're the only ones breeding yet aspire to act like blacks. they needed direction and national service .	There are the working class, there are the “chavs” who are the only reproducers, yet desire to act like blacks, they need direction and service to the country.	0
Thank you for posting this .	Thank you for publishing this.	0
Thank you skingirl	Thanks to Skinger	0
Never surrender and fight till the death to defend your country is the most honorable thing every white nationalist should do !	Never give up and do not fight until death and defend your country is the most respected thing every white nationalist must do.	0
This thread is already kind of worthless so here 's a People of Walmart picture !	This trail is already a kind of meaningless, so here are the photos of the people of Walmart!	0
Mixed martial arts is generally considered mixing Western and Asian arts together .	Mixed martial arts are generally thought to blend western and Asian art.	0
Mr. Farkel thinks Whites are too stupid to be doctors and if we had an all White society we would have no doctors and no one to pull our teeth out .	Mr. Farkel thinks that white people are too stupid to become doctors, and that if we had a whole white society, there would be no doctors and no one to get out of the teeth.	0
I plan on posting the above quote after every post until this really funny joke thread is done with .	I intend to post the above quote after each post until this very funny joke ends.	0
Accuracy is compromised .	Precision has been compromised.	0
This flier makes it easier for everyone to get behind our troops , by moving them out of Iraq , and to a location where they will be performing according to the U.S. Constitution .	The aircraft made it easier for everyone to fall behind our troops by moving them out of Iraq to where they would perform in accordance with the U.S. Constitution.	0
Do liberal and feminist parents actually choose colleges for their children based on them ?	Do Liberal and Feminist Parents Really Choose a College for Their Children According To Them?	0
I must admit when I first read it and saw the poster was in Sydney , I was suprised the poster did not pick up the PLE thread in the SFDU section , let alone the threads stickied in this forum .	I have to admit that when I read it for the first time and saw the poster was in Sydney, I was surprised that the poster did not collect the PLE thread in the SFDU section, at least the lines standing in this forum.	0
I knew that I could get them from Army surplus stores .	I knew I could get them from the excess stores of the army.	0
Aye , warriour of Éire . . . whether you would like fadas for Irish Gæilge , e.g. , é , í , ó and the like , or Scottish Gælick , e.g. , ì , ò , è , é , í , à , ù and the like . . . try such , lad : I. Start Menu to All Programs to Accessouries to System Tools to Litrichean ( I canæ re-call of what Litrichean tis called in English for my computer is in Gàidhlig , but tis Script Lettres , Characters or the like , I reckon. )	Aye, warrior of Eire... if you would like fadas for Irish Gæilge, for example, e, í, ó and the like, or Scottish Gælick, for instance, ì, ò, è, é, i, a, ù and the similar.. try like, lad: I. Start Menu to All programs with system tools accessories in Litrichean ( I can re-call what Litriachan tis called in English for my computer is in Gàidhlig, but tis script letters, Characters or the like I count.)	0
Maybe it would give him a better appreciation for math if he actually applied it to something while he was having fun .	Maybe if he applied it to something when it was really fun, he would give a better appreciation for mathematics.	0
Yeah, the map is not the territory .	Yes, the map is not territory.	0
26155 Yes , our languages really are beautiful , at least I think so .	26155 Yes, our language is really beautiful, at least I think so.	0
saysay.jpg say say with a candle 2.jpg This is my nearly 3 year old cat called Say-Say .	saysay.jpg say with a candle 2.jpg This is a 3-year-old cat named Say-Say.	0
It 's where I discovered so many great people who are fighting for our cause .	This is where I have found so many great people fighting for our cause.	0
Does anyone have a recommendation ?	Do anyone have any recommendation?	0
I was recently in Zaporojie , Ukraine , which has a famous Cossack enclave , where I had the opportunity to dine at a Cossack restaurant and listen to traditional Cossack music played live .	I was recently in Zaporozhya, Ukraine, where there is a famous Cossack Anchorage, and there I have the opportunity to eat at a Cossacks restaurant and listen to traditional Cossak music live.	0
We knew that report was a lie the entire time .	I knew the report was a lie.	0
Patience is a virtue you know .	Patience is one of the virtues you know.	0
London is a dead zone as far as anyone White is concerned , even Hertfordshire where it 's closest to London is turning brown .	London is a dead zone in terms of whites, even the Hertfordshire where it is closest to London becomes brown.	1
Interesting I have some northern German features and hardly have German DNA .	Interestingly, I have some characteristics of the north German and I hardly have the German DNA.	0
My children like whites I have no problem with this question But how we can spread your articles out of ours sites because we already know	My kids like white people I have no problem with this question, but how can we spread your articles on our website as we already know	0
A really good teacher or tutor could have implemented BOTH the interest and the subject into problems .	A very good teacher or tutor would have been able to implement the interest and subject in the problems.	0
Don't wander around Kingston at night or you may end up tied to a tree with your genitals in a bowl nearby being pounded into mush for voo-doo spells .	Don’t wander around Kingston at night, otherwise you might end up tied to a tree, with your genitals stuck in a bubble in a nearby bowl to perform the vodka magic.	1
Yes, it 's really peculiar how every topic in the world is subject to critical analysis and open debate EXCEPT the `` holocaust '' .	Yes, it is very unusual that all the topics in the world are the subject of critical analysis and open discussion except for the Holocaust.	0
I want people to be shocked about `` minority '' takeover , and to react by building community with whites where they were chicken to , before , and to have white kids .	I want people to be shocked by the acquisition of the “minority”, and to react so that they can build communities with whites who were chickens before, and have white children.	0
Sounds like a smart idea .	It sounds like a wise idea.	0
Just out there looking for my future wife Actually I am just hoping to find some white ladies from canada. give me a shout via e-mail strmfrnt@telusplanet.net or icq @ 27961835	Just there to find my future wife in fact, I just wanted to find some of the white lady from Canada. give me a scream by email strmfrnt@telusplanet.net or icq @ 27961835	0
Your sons are going to be in love with that land !	Your children will fall in love with this land!	0
I had a few problems too but then again I had a few problems with some of us Irish as well , so ca n't complain	I also have a few problems, but I have problems with some of us Irishmen, so I don’t complain.	0
The white candidates for sheriff do n't show their picture .	White candidates did not show their photos to Sheriff.	0
All I 've see for high power are the single shot ones ,	Everything I saw, for high power, was a single shot.	0
Its time for Ireland to cop on and stand up for itself , This whole EU thing is a heap !	The time has come for Ireland to stand up for itself – all this EU work is a bunch!	0
Their English language means they are drowning in the MLK-esque crap coming out of America .	Their English means they’re drowning in a shit like MLK coming out of America.	1
Not going to be able to stop for drinks except for the occasional gas station bottled water .	It will not be able to stop drinking unless sometimes the gas station is bottled water.	0
I hope people can pass out candy while watching that game .	While watching this game, I hope people can pass the candy.	0
Are there any whites left in that craphole or have they all been killed ?	Were there white people left in this shit, or were they all killed?	1
PNR by collectivization of industry do you mean the folk who work in say a factory own it themselves or do you mean its owned by the state in the name of all the citizens .	The PNR by collectivization of the industry means the people who work by saying that a factory owns it itself or means that it is owned by the state.	0
I see all of your goals being accomplished , especially finding a girl to settle down with .	I look at all your goals being achieved, especially looking for a girl to settle for.	0
Waiting to buy a new product is almost always a good idea , let someone else experiment .	Waiting for a new product is almost always a good idea, let somebody else experiment.	0
These disgusting perverted white men are no different than the white women who have sex with black men just because they have a bigger penis .	These disgusting white men are different from black men who have sex with white women just because they have a bigger penis.	1
Yeah they are buying a lot of houses around my area to probz so they can house there massive inbred family when they come over to the UK .	Yes, they bought a lot of houses in my area so they could adopt a large number of families there when they came to the UK.	1
I've seen that documentary for some time ago , and I suppose that it has been broadcasted in other nordic countries , too .	I saw this documentary a while ago, and I think it was also broadcast in other Nordic countries.	0
Just to show all Whites should have one common goal .	Simply to show that all white people should have a common goal.	0
For practice use a .22 LR to learn .	To practice, use a.22L to learn.	0
Cutback of US aid to Egypt leaves Israel nervous | Fox News	The withdrawal of U.S. aid to Egypt makes Israel nervous	0
www.natall.com	www.natal.com at the	0
The outline for the events for the boys , and their fathers , was interesting .	The list of events for boys, and their fathers, was interesting.	0
It 's amazing how stupid liberals are , even after being nearly murdered for being white Mr. Begley is still a ridiculous * * * * * * -loving fool .	Surprisingly, how stupid the liberals were, even after being murdered as a white man, Mr. Begley was still a ridiculous loving fool.	1
Their calling is a world ruled by `` the Chosen '' from Jerusalem .	Their call is a world governed by the “elected” of Jerusalem.	0
All I ask is to PLEASE be careful when responding to threads like this .	All I ask you is please be careful when you respond to the lines of this type.	0
Yeah, but back in the day there were n't that many millions nigs and wetbacks .	Yes, but there were no millions of nigs and wet back on that day.	1
FL that 's an old photo of last year .	This is an old photo from last year.	0
I saw it on friday Thats just about the right impression ( i believe ) one should have about them .	I see it on Friday that is about the right impression (I think) that one should have on them.	0
Whites should not be forced in atheistic view in-kind .	White people should not be forced from an atheistic perspective.	0
Yes I fear that a civil war is our last and only option left in a world ruled by damn antifac 's	Yes, I am worried that the Civil War is our last and only choice left in a world ruled by evil opposition.	0
Than they just sent me another one like a week ago ... it is sitting right in front of me still not filled out .	They sent another me like a week ago... it was sitting in front of me and was not yet filled.	0
If they do n't find a way to kick out the brown cloud that 's already there the Danish gene pool is lost .	If they don’t find a way to drive out the brown clouds that are already there, the Danish genetic pool will be lost.	1
I think when they first come into this country they get those type of old cars then after a year or so they move up to brand new cars .	I think when they first come to this country, they’ll get those kinds of old cars, and then a year later they’re going to switch to new ones.	0
Yes exactly , as the GREAT was put into GREAT BRITAIN by the likes of these lads and their fathers and forefathers .	It is true, as the great things were placed in Great Britain by these boys and their fathers and ancestors.	0
Hell, if he had been white they would have thrown his ass in jail , suspended him from school , and it would have been all over CNN ABC NBC and CBS .	Hell, if he was white, they would throw his ass into prison and stop him from school, and it would all be on CNN ABC NBC and CBS.	0
com/watch ? v = kBD6Gm6VoDM Then watch 8 min. Obama at AIPAC @ youtube .	com/watch? v = kBD6Gm6VoDM Watch Obama for 8 minutes on AIPAC @ youtube.	0
They never smile .	They will never smile.	0
Can a mod also change the thread title so it says the 10th ? dont want people showing up 10 days late	Modes can also change the tape title, so can I say the 10th? Do you want someone to appear 10 days later	0
Your white skin did .	The white skin.	0
If you have good grades , do n't get in trouble , are involved in extracurriculars , and otherwise are a good citizen , probably most teachers are n't going to take time out of their day unless your school is REALLY liberal .	If you have good grades, do not cause trouble, engage in extracurricular activities, and are otherwise good citizens, most teachers probably won’t spend their days unless your school is truly liberal.	0
We need to spread more videos around Haman : WNTube - YouTube the White Nationalist way ...	We need to spread more videos around Haman: WNTube – YouTube the White Nationalist way...	0
What say you of Jotunheim ?	What do you say about Jotunheim?	0
But the camellia idea is great .	The idea of camellia is great.	0
Human Remains Found in Abandoned Hospital - YouTube	Remains of people found in an abandoned hospital - YouTube	0
This time , the charges are assault and battery of a high and aggravated nature and strong armed robbery in connection with the assault on Rose Powell. ( more ... )	This time, the allegations were the height and aggravation of the attack and the nature of the battery and the powerful armed robbery, linked to the attack on Ross Powell.	0
It can be read online here : http://www.rastko.org.yu/istorija/te...ell-tesla.htmlandhttp://www.scribd.com/doc/2683312/Pr ... n-Jacob-ONeill	You can read it online here: http://www.rastko.org.yu/istorija/te...ell-tesla.htmlandhttp:// www.scribd.org/doc/2683312/Pr... n-Jacob-ONeill	0
I'm taking my College funds and using them to start a self sufficient farm .	I’m taking my funds from the University and using them to start a self-sufficient farm.	0
My ancestors who had the good sense and foresight to come and build America .	My ancestors had good intentions and prospects to come to build America.	0
Okay, that 's good ... maybe they 'll come bursting onto the scene like the parties in Denmark and Norway !	Okay, it’s good... they’ll explode in the same scene as a party in Denmark and Norway!	0
Love looking at old photographs too .	I also like to look at old photos.	0
Richard Anthony March 2 , 2014 A Storm is Brewing on the Horizon ?	Richard Anthony March 2, 2014 Is a storm on the horizon?	0
I first shaved my head when I was 12 ( i 'm 19 now ) but I did it because I hate combing my hair .	I shaved my hair for the first time when I was 12 (I am now 19), but I did it because I hated cutting my hair.	0
I have n't seen music for this floating around but if you have the sheet music for piano I 'd be happy to get to work on a transcription for you if you can send me a pdf or something .	I don't see music for this floating around, but if you have piano recording music I'll be glad to get working on a translation for you if you can send me a PDF or something.	0
It is quite farcical actually .	This is pretty farce, in fact.	0
Yes, I have seen that so many times .	Yes, I've seen this so many times.	0
They are out of ideas .	They were out of the idea.	0
i want to meet a single girl in alberta that has the same ideas as me , and wants to meet a 26 y old guy.if your out there let me know .	I want to meet a single girl in Alberta who has the same thoughts as me and wants to meet with a 26-year-old man.	0
Click on the audio player at the link below .	Click on the sound player at the link below.	0
Take one of the scandinavian flags , and change the color from blue and yellow ( Sweden as an example ) and turn it to green and yellow. lol , it might be decent	Take a Scandinavian flag and change its colour from blue and yellow (Sweden as an example) and turn it to green and Yellow.	0
Want a libtard to support White Nationalism ?	Do you want a libtard to back white nationalism?	1
Have you ever seen the `` White Priviledge Checklist '' that these people use ?	Have you ever seen the “White Privilege Checklist” that these people use?	0
None of those videos play .	There is no video play.	0
We have two things wrong here , Mexcicans in a White homeland and a Pizza company sending a female in harms way .	There are two things we are wrong with here, the Mexicans, whites’ homeland, and the pizza companies that send women in dangerous ways.	1
Racism is as old as time itself , and no one ever admired a groid for anything other than cheap dumb labour .	Racism is as old as time itself, and no one has ever worshipped a child except for cheap and stupid labor.	1
Support the Boy Scouts .	Supporting the Boy Scout.	0
Does this fact reflect on her actual essence as a person ( it could ! ) ?	Does this fact reflect the true essence of her as a person (it can!)?	0
I 've been in this scene for 14 years and it 's the same story every town/state I 've ever been to .	I’ve been on this scene for 14 years and it’s the same story for all the cities/states I have ever visited.	0
My parents are like this .	My parents were like this.	0
That is persecution .	This is Persecution.	0
oddly i would find it worst if she here black , since Negroes are the most inferior and scum bag humanoid race in our planet .	Strangely, it would seem worse to me if she were here black, as the blacks are the lowest and most pocket human race on our planet.	1
Tight as in good pals ?	Just like in the good ones.	0
they played this on fox news today.said she went ape schmidt , no pun intended , because they had no baffrooms.fox news sucks but at least people get a couple seconds of real news ......... secondly , ive never heard of a sheboon before.a new specie , from the chimpout family ?	They played this in Fox News today, because she went to the badge, without the intention of punishment, because they didn’t have baffrooms.fox News, but at least people got a few seconds of real news... Second, I’ve never heard of a badge before, a new species, from the badger family?	1
I love my beer ! maybe you were drinking liquor I always get crazy on that so I gave it up and now everything is fine .	I love my beer! maybe you’ve drunk, I’ve always been crazy, so I gave up, now everything is fine.	0
This one is within jogging distance : Police Shoot , Kill NY Fugitive In Jax Man Shot Several Times In Hail Of Gunfire POSTED : Friday , February 11 , 2011 JACKSONVILLE , Fla.	This is within the distance of running : Police shoot, killing NY Fugitive In Jax Man shoot several times in the fall of fire POSTED : Friday, February 11, 2011 JACKSONVILLE, Fla.	0
I meet a lot Chechen 's a few weeks back i was shocked to see how light skinned they were and they had light brown hair and blue eyes and had European facial features .	A few weeks ago I met a lot of Chechens, and I was surprised to see how light their skin was, they had brown hair and blue eyes, and they also had European facial features.	0
Yes true It reminds me of this incident Muslim Extremists Abuse Royal Anglian Troops After Afghanistan Return , Barking - London 2010 - YouTube	Yes, it reminds me of this incident of Muslim extremists abusing the Royal Anglican troops after the return from Afghanistan, Barking - London 2010 - YouTube	0
I do think abusive parents are worse than gays one .	I think abused parents are worse than gay ones.	1
Yes he is very sick person with identity crisis who need therapy .	Yes, he is a very sick person with an identity crisis that needs therapy.	0
Encourage others to report all crimes of Criminal Aliens to this site so that they can get an ongoing tally of the whole blasted scene .	Encourage others to report to this site all the crimes of the criminal alien so that they can get a continuous list of the entire explosion scene.	0
Consider yourself ignored .	Ignore yourself.	0
And if Rose Powell has anything to do with it , they 'll stay there for a long time .	And if Rose Powell has something to do with it, they’ll be there for a long time.	0
I know somebody who wants to perhaps move to Alberta but is wondering if they have the homo agenda in the schools there .	I know people who want to move to Alberta, but I’m wondering if they have a gay agenda in their schools there.	1
Charles Burton Barber .	Charles Burton is a barber.	0
I enjoy Classical music .	I like classical music.	0
Only surreptitious and hidden cameras have worked .	Only hidden and surreptitious cameras worked.	0
one is one too many , i bet all the white girls and wiggers go crazy for the young coon , whichever school you are in , wigggers outnumber metalheads or `` normal '' whites	One is too much, I bet all white girls and crazy young boys, no matter which school you are in, boys over metal heads or “normal” white people.	1
Wow, maybe next time you should leave your little sister at home especially since you live in a highly non-white populated area .	Wow, maybe next time you should leave your sister at home, especially since you live in an area with a high non-white population.	1
Men det ser ut som om du er litt usikker m.h.t deg selv når du ' frågar ' om nesen din ..........	Man seems to be in you, but he doesn’t seem to be alive in it.	2
Because there were already two other threads on it .	There were two other lines in it.	0
But there are so many things I want to do and see-I want to live my life to its fullest .	But there are so many things that I want to do and see - I want the most of my life.	0
I personally think she sounds like a strangled cat .	Personally, I think she sounds like an estranged cat.	0
It was disturbing to read that the Swedish foreign minister was stabbed today .	I was upset to read today that the Swedish foreign minister was stabbed.	0
I would willing risk jail time if it meant I could get my hands on them or anyone who does that to a white child .	I would be willing to risk time in prison if that meant I could put my hand on them, or anyone who did it on white children.	0
Music Lessons .	The music lesson.	0
Right.	rightly.	0
Just an example of Our local economy and employment opportunities here .	Just one example of Our local economy and job opportunities here.	0
Let mother nature evolve these people naturally because no amount of money or aid is going to drag these ' things ' into the civilized world where they serve absolutely no purpose .	May the mother nature evolve naturally to these people, because there is no amount of money or help that will attract these things in the civilized world where they do not serve absolutely any purpose.	1
And with that I will bid you all good night .	And by this I will dedicate a good night to you all.	0
Opening it again for a week ...	Opening it for another week.	0
We'll never give up ... The jews can keep trying opening our borders and sending their third world minions after the European people but WE WILL NEVER CAPITULATE ...	The Jews may continue to try to open our borders and send their minions from the third world after the European people, but we will NOT CAPITULATE...	1
I saw the clip too .	I also saw the clip.	0
If you do n't mind a silent film The Birth of a Nation is a must see .	If you don’t care for a silent film, a nation’s birth is to be seen.	0
I note one of your other posts was worried because of the delay in your posts showing up - don ; ' t worry about it , it 's just that we have to check your stuff while you are new	I notice that one of your other posts was worried about the delay in appearing in your posts – don’t worry about it, it’s just that we need to check your stuff while	0
A British school where none of the students have English as their first language ?	A UK school where no one of the students has English as their first language?	0
The essay itself is chock full o ' helpful hints on info distribution .	The article itself is filled with useful tips about the distribution of information.	0
Thats pretty similar for me .	That is pretty similar to me.	0
I have n't had enough teachers of different races to compare that .	I didn’t have enough teachers from different races to compare it.	0
`` Green Eggs and Ham '' a metaphor for succumbing to peer pressure to try marijuana .	“Green Eggs and Ham” is more than giving in to the pressure of colleagues to try marijuana.	0
Lions , Tigers , Cheetahs , etc are all cats but they ai n't the same .	The lions, tigers, Cheetah, etc. are all cats, but they are not the same.	0
There are many whites out there who would become part of the movement , but know nothing of it !	There are a lot of white people out there who want to be part of this movement, but they don’t know anything!	0
My Gym teacher told a Lebanese kid that was screwing around during class to go back to his own poor ass country if he wants to screw around .	My gym teacher told me that a Lebanese child was going around during the classroom and wanted to return to his poor ass country.	0
To learn more , click here : www.jonasridgeway.com/tech2.html www.spiritual.com.au/astral.html www.astralweb.org www.near-death.com/experiences/cayce01.html www.astralvoyage.com/projection/index.html It would be pretty cool for teachers to tell White kids they go out-of-body every night .	For more information, click here: www.jonasridgeway.com/tech2.html www.spiritual.com.au/astral.htmlwww.astralweb.org www.near-death.com-experiences/cayce01.html www	0
In Dallas	in Dallas.	0
Ghosts , Goblins , etc ...	Ghosts and Goblins.	0
Fast food is not for whites .	Fast food isn't for whites.	0
Please, feel welcome to learn more about the history of the Macedonian Patriotic Organization , its traditional Bulgarian character and the activities this organization provided for the community and its goals and purposes of today .	We welcome you to learn more about the history of the Macedonian Patriot Organization, its traditional Bulgarian nature, the activities that this organization offers for the community, and the objectives and purposes of today.	0
When I look at the Zimbawee 's Mugabe , I think `` Ape '' or `` Gorilla '' .	When I see the Mugabe of Zimbawee, I think of “Ape” or “Gorilla”.	1
hey how ya doin , my buddy showed me this place last night and ive been checkin it out , im getting ready to move to alabama later this month if i can get my yahoo to connect ill send ya a message , might half to log into chat thow .	Well, my friend showed me this place yesterday night, and I’ve checked it, I’m ready to move to Alabama later this month, if I can get my Yahoo connection, I will send a message, maybe I’ll be half logged in to chat.	0
If your kids is interested in anime , by all means BE CAREFUL at the video store .	If your kids are interested in animation, be careful in video stores in every way.	0
Strange how the Swedes were once the most peaceful people in the world , then the Jews make them into liberals who wanted to genocide them selves .	It is strange how the Swedish were once the most peaceful peoples in the world, so the Jews make them liberal who wanted to genocide them themselves.	1
May they always Rest in Peace , my prayers go out to them .	May they rest in peace forever, and I pray to them.	0
Humans are the only hosts and victims of V. cholerae , a motile , aerobic organism .	Humans are the only host and victim of V. cholerae, a mobile, aerobic organism.	0
Check out my sig. for more ideas .	Check my sig for more ideas.	0
It warms my heart to see that apparently there 's more than just one pro-White organization in San Diego area planning activities !	It clearly warms my mind to see that there is one or more pro-white organizations in San Diego regional planning activities!	0
That type of negroes call your kind of brothas , Uncle Tom .	This type of black people call your type of outbreak, Uncle Tom.	0
A teacher at a Baton Rouge elementary school was arrested just two hours into his first day on the job Tuesday .	A teacher from a primary school in Baton Rouge was arrested only two hours in his first day of work on Tuesday.	0
I wasnt going to bother with this thread but I am rapidly coming to the conclusion you can , t read we are NOT C18 , we have nothing to do with them ...... look at post #13 for Christ sake	I’m not going to worry about this thread, but I quickly come to the conclusion that you can, don’t hesitate to read we’re not C18, we have nothing to do with them... look at the post #13 for Christ	0
At the link just below , I 've been urging our brothers and sisters in South Africa to run that message or a similar message on that site every month : Malaysians , Venezuelans , Chinese let White House broadcast their agendas	On the link right below, I urged our brothers and sisters in South Africa to spread this or similar message on this site every month: Malaysians, Venezuelans and Chinese leave the White House	1
Basically just tell them what they want to hear .	Basically just say what you want to hear.	0
David Allen Snyder , age 26 , died on October 18 , 2009 at his residence in Findlay , Ohio R.I.P. David Allen Snyder Obituary at Coldern Crates Funeral Homes The jury took only about four hours Tuesday afternoon and early evening to convict Cornelius Patterson Junior of the October , 2009 murder of 26-year-old David Snyder in a Jennifer Lane apartment complex where both men lived .	David Allen Snyder, 26, his residence in Findlay, Ohio, October 18, 2009, R.I.P. David Allen snyder obituary at Coldern Crates Funeral Homes, a jury held just four hours in the afternoon and early morning on Tuesday, condemning Cornelius Patterson Jr. in October, a 26-year-old deceased in 2009.	0
Our schools are horrible , all they teach is telling kids to be liberal and respect people of all races and take no pride in your own .	Our schools are terrible, and what they teach is to tell children to be liberal, to respect people of all races, and not to be proud of themselves.	0
Homepage < < Go and check out what your homies are up too .	Home > Go and see what your home is.	0
Paris is a weekly riot fest .	Paris is an annual riot party.	0
Milwaukee Wisconsin The Third Weekend In July Every Year !	Milwaukee Wisconsin, the third weekend of July every year!	0
Im glad to see this board back in action , whew .	I'm looking forward to seeing this forum back in action, WOW.	0
Anyone who 's been to Newark knows that it 's pretty much a third world country .	Anyone who has been in Newark knows that it is almost a third-world country.	0
They take underwater basket weaving courses and they have no worthwhile skills on account of angry still my favorite comment .	They do underwater basket organizing courses and they do not have valuable skills because they are still angry at my favorite comments.	0
I love Steven Seagal films and I love all Nicolas Cage films , Windtalkers and The Sorcerer 's Apprentice included .	I love the movies of Steven Seagal and I love all the films including Nicolas Cage, Windtalkers and The Sorcerer's Apprentice.	0
#WethePeople #RealAmericans	Tagged with: real americans	0
Also another film Wheels of Terror has what appears to be post war tanks in its battle scenes .	Another film also has Wheels of Terror, which appears in its battle scenes as a post-war tank.	0
Susan	SUSAN is	0
This is my home town .. these people are locals and can help you find what you want ...	This is my hometown... these people are locals who can help you find what you want.	0
yeah it just jews stealing stuff from other martial arts. dont worry about it unless they try to recruit you for the mossad	Yes, it’s just about Jews stealing things from different tactics.Don’t worry about it unless they’re trying to recruit you to the Mossad.	1
It seems anytime issues like this are highligted in the Irish Media immigrants in the long run end up staying in Ireland .	This problem seems to be always stressed as Irish media immigrants will stay in Ireland for a long time.	0
Shocking and outrageous , that is what we all should be feeling. jmho b.e.	Shocking and outrageous, that’s what we should all be feeling.	0
I'm curious too but what happened is still wrong in so many ways , no matter the race of the victim .	I’m also curious, but what happened is still wrong in so many ways, regardless of the victim’s race.	0
Behind every avatar is an actual person , and we can even meet .	Behind each avatar is a real person, and we may even meet.	0
I have family there .	I do have a family there.	0
They almost always choose to identify with blacks more than whites .	They almost always identify more with blacks than with whites.	0
Yes they all know , I have felt this way for year more than I can to think about .	Yes, everyone knows, I feel like this for a year longer than I can think.	0
Look for Don McAlvany 's `` Revolution and Betrayal '' The terrorist-pig was caught red-handed with tens of thousands of grenades and anti-personnel mines .	Don McAlvany's 'Revolution and betrayal' The Terrorist Pig was captured with thousands of grenades and anti-personal mines with red hands.	0
I still have one or two hunting knives from when I used to fish and shoot in case of self defence at home .	I still have one or two hunting knives since I used to fishing or shooting in case of self-defense at home.	0
Join the Nationalist Coalition http://www.ncoal.com	Join the Union of Nationalists http://www.ncoal.com	0
haha, definitly not injuns .	Hahaha, it’s definitely not unfair.	0
Kimora Lee Simmons	Kimora Simons Lee	0
i do this and the looks i get out of disgust are regular but i happily carry on walking and laugh them off , they think showing me a few pictures of negro kids on a poster without a burger is going to make me want to give money to them ?	I do it and the appearances I get out unfortunately are regular but I happily keep walking and laughing on them, do they think showing me some pictures of black boys on a poster without a hamburger will make me want to give money to them?	0
hello.	Hello is	0
I have been able to become more active than ever because of this site .	I am more active than ever thanks to this website.	0
In case they start grabbing guns .	If you start taking a gun,	0
http://www.radioireland.ie/lastword/19112004-17.wmv	HTTP://www.radioireland.ie/last word/19112004–17.wmv	0
Depending on which part of Scotland you 're going to I might have some bad news for you about the Kaffirs .	Depending on the part of Scotland you are going to, I may have bad news for you about the Kaffirs.	1
I 'm all alone and looking for companionship , where 'd all the good girls go ? send me a pm or email at skin14 _ 88@hotmail.com	I am alone and I am looking for the company, where are all the good girls going? send me a pm or email to skin14 _ 88@hotmail.com	0
right on !! i want a lil ' rotweiler , when i het one his/her name will be schatzi !! aww cause it will be my sweetie !!! - val ! ( i love that smiley ! )	I want a lil' rotweiler, when I het one his/her name will be schatz!! aww cause it will be my sweetie!!!	0
Up until then we were part of Europe .	So far, we have been part of Europe.	0
David Stein/Cole on the Holocaust and historical revision - YouTube	David Stein - Cole on the Holocaust and Historical Review - YouTube	0
They probably arrest them and throw them in jail so that they will be raped and infected with AIDS .	They are likely to arrest them and throw them into prison so they are raped and infected with AIDS.	1
It has happened up to the late 90 's with Hong Kong .	This was the case with Hong Kong until the late 1990s.	0
They are completely different from us and should not be living within sight of us , go back to Africa and die out .	They are completely different from us, and they must not live within us, but return to Africa and die.	1
Though I might go to trade school to learn some basic carpentry skills .	Maybe I’ll go to a commercial school and learn some basic carpentry skills.	0
We have a good reason for it to but you people want to get in the way of it .	We have a good reason to do it, but you people want to stop it.	0
Absolutely.	and absolute.	0
im new on here and was just wanderin if any ladies are intrested i a good oel southernman from tennessee send me a messege .	I'm new here and I was just walking if the ladies are interested I send a good man from the south of Tennessee a messenger.	0
The black churches show all black faces on their billboards .	The black churches show all the black faces in their billboards.	0
And I would add to that one of the distinctive features of malls are the food courts where we can witness Americans and their eating disorders on display .	I would add that a unique feature of the shopping mall is the food court where we can witness Americans and their eating disorders.	0
I was expecting more location-type questions .	I was looking forward to more location-style questions.	0
Queens78322, I am on my way to meet with a few member of National Alliance and I will present your speech to them .	Queens78322, I am on the way to meet with a few members of the National Alliance and introduce them your speech.	0
They 're just making it really expensive on purpose and making a panic .	They’re just deliberately making it really expensive and causing panic.	0
Wasn't meaning yo be hard on you or Knightrider1961 .	Didn’t that mean I’d be tough with you or Knightrider1961?	0
We have simply had enough .	We just have enough.	0
As it 's very common among most animal species as well as just females are generally considered to be more necassary if you will .	Since it is very common with most animal species and even only females are usually considered to be more harmful if you want.	0
Migrants living in fear after racist bomb attack on Poles - Northern Ireland , Local & National - Belfasttelegraph.co.uk They 're threatening to leave , we 're doomed !!!	Immigrants are living in fear after a racist bomb attack on Poland - Northern Ireland, the region and the country - Belfasttelegraph.co.uk they are threatened to leave, we '	1
I find that surprising , since Finland after all once conquered Sweden , and ockupied it for several hundred years .	I think this is surprising, because Finland, after all, once conquered Sweden and occupied it for hundreds of years.	0
Twp .	The twp.	0
Its gone full retard now .	It is now completely backward.	0
There's so many good choices it 's hard to pick just one all time favorite .	There are so many good options that it’s hard to choose just one favorite of all time.	0
I was brought up to believe that ladies do not use such language	I was convinced that women did not use such a language.	0
Zdrowie !	and Zdrowi!	0
This is your only choice , White man !	That's your only choice, White Man!	0
The solution is simple .	The solutions are simple.	0
It seems to me like you along with this post belong on the General Rants forum .	With you, this post seems to belong to the General Rants forum.	0
Funny part was that just when they were singing the only song that was in English , it started to rain and lighting bolt striked into TV antenna that was up just next to the stage - it was blackout for 1 minute and picture came back just when they were finishing that song .	The fun part was that when they were singing the only song in English, it started to rain, and the TV antenna hit the light belt that was right next to the stage – it turned off for a minute and the picture came back when the song was over.	0
Careful man , People on SF do n't like Asians bashing .	Careful men, people in SF don’t like Asians.	0
Like the `` white '' -African ( what the hell is her name ) ..	Like “white” – African (what’s her name)	0
Welcome to Stormfront .	Welcome to the stormfront.	0
so is tom still rambling on about putting up machine guns in the city centre ? lol and that sites great al making all wn look like terrorists.so tell us all of some of the irms activism so far ?	So, is Tom still talking about placing a gun in the city center? lol and these sites are great because all wn looks like terrorists.	0
We distribute propaganda , educate people , help whites , employ whites , post online , network , keep our neighborhoods safe , etc ...	We spread propaganda, educate people, help white people, hire whites, post online, network, and keep our neighbors safe.	0
I do n't look down on these degrees as much as I used to .	I don’t look at the levels as low as I’m used to.	0
It just goes to show that the IRA are just criminals and not freedom fighters as they claim .	It just shows that the IRA is a criminal and not a freedom fighter as they claim.	1
i saw it on opp.now i know what your name stands for.congrats you have a nice looking boyfriend.i read opp once and awhile to see if they took my pic off of here yet and put it on there .	Congrats you have a nice looking boyfriend.I read opp once and a while to see if they took my pic off of here yet and put it on there.	0
In the Great War white men fought with heavy weapons .	During the Great War, white men fought with heavy weaponry.	0
I had an Irish boyfriend for 3 years once and he used to laugh about how in ireland you never saw black people .I guess things have changed a lot in 10 odd years	I had an Irish boyfriend once for three years and he laughed about the fact that you never saw black people in Ireland.	0
And they learn to socialize with all ages of people when we are out and about going to museums or whatnot .	And they learn how to socialize with people of all ages when we go out and go to a museum or something.	0
Agreed.	agreed on.	0
just wanted to give this a bump up. we have had a few good people coming to our weekly get together and would like to encourage anyone else interested in meeting and networking with us here in Calgary to feel free to pm me .	We’ve had a few good people coming to our weekly meeting and we would like to encourage any other interested person to meet and connect with us here in Calgary so they feel free to send me a message.	0
I mean seriously , this is farcical .	To say seriously, this is a phasical.	0
I know we have to be polite , but come on , we do n't have to lie ...	We know we have to be polite, but we don’t have to lie.	0
Feel free to point out the intelligence in your claim that Germans have achieved nothing .	You feel the freedom to point on the intelligence with the claim that the Germans have not achieved anything.	0
And still water ends up on the top and oil on the bottom .	Water is at the top, oil at the bottom.	0
Frontline : The Confessions FRONTLINE `` The Confessions '' | Sneak Peek 1 : Recording a Confession | PBS - YouTube FRONTLINE `` The Confessions '' | Sneak Peek 2 : Finding a Lawyer | PBS - YouTube In `` The Confessions , '' FRONTLINE producer Ofra Bikel investigates the conviction of four Navy sailors for the rape and murder of a Norfolk , Va. , woman in 1997 .	Frontline: The Confessions FRONTLINE ``The confessions'', "Frontline producer Ofra Bikel investigates the conviction of four Navy sailors for the rape and murder of a Norfolk, Va. woman in 1997.	0
I can honestly say that I have minority friends , and would n't hesitate to deal with the harsh reality that they must be deported .	I can honestly say that I have a handful of friends and I will not hesitate to face the harsh reality that they must be expelled.	1
Jewish unfortunately .	Unfortunately Jewish.	1
Woodstock is flanked by multicultural hell London and multicultural hell Kitchener , its a hopeless cause .	Woodstock is next to the multicultural hell of London and the Multicultural Hell of Kitchener, its hopeless cause.	0
Jacksonville police said Brian Williams broke into the home on Braddock Road while the family was out of town and baked brownies , drank orange juice , surfed porn websites and loaded up the victim 's car with bottles of liquor .	Jacksonville police said Brian Williams broke into his home on Bradoclave Street while his family was not in the city, roasted Brownie, drank orange juice, surfed pornographic sites, and filled bottles of wine in the victim’s car.	0
Yeah, she 's gonna end up just like the last hoe bag that got involved with the same chimp .	Yes, she will end up the same as the last bag that involved the same chimpanzee.	1
She could just move to the Christian part of Nigeria where there is no Sharia law .	She could only move to the Christian part of Nigeria, where there was no Sharia law.	0
So how do they pass on their kosher values to their kids , despite sending them to public shools ?	So, how do they convey their kosher values to their children, even though they send them to public schools?	0
This is the one my neighbors have .	This is what my neighbours have.	0
The Knights Of The Ku Klux Klan Youth Corps Just click on these words in Red !	The Knights of the Ku Klux Klan Youth Corp. Just click these words in Red!	0
They will spend 40k plus a year on elementary , middle school , and high school educations all the while crying about poor conditions for non-Whites .	They will spend $40,000 a year on primary, secondary and high school education, while crying over the poor conditions of non-white people.	0
Hopefully in a few years you can alter your life style somewhat and hope to be able to bring down your blood pressure naturally .	Hopefully, in a few years, you can change your lifestyle and hope that you can naturally lower your blood pressure.	0
Then why not simply copy this text ( & links ) and paste it into the description box of your YouTube videos ?	So why not just copy this text (and links) and paste it into the description box of your YouTube videos?	0
Their best songs are Rule the World , Grateful Man , and Rahowa .	Their best songs are: Rule the World, Thanksful Man, and Rahowa.	0
White speech is Hate ....	White speech is hatred.	0
That is correct , White men with guns built America , and it will likely take White men with guns to take it back .	It’s right, white people built America with guns, and it’s likely that white people would need guns to take America back.	0
I do n't know how true this is , but I 've heard to pick number two for french because they speak better english than picking one for english and getting who knows what pretending to speak English	I don’t know how true this is, but I’ve heard that they choose a second for French because they speak English better than they get someone who knows they’re choosing one in English and pretending to speak English.	0
Hello Everyone on Stormfront Have heard a lot of good things about this forum so I have decided to take the plunge .	Hello, everyone at Stormfront heard a lot of good things about this forum, so I decided to sink.	0
14words mikkke14	14 words by mike14	0
88 Kelly 2056	by Kelly 2066	0
Dresden got to see as well and it was a wonderful thing for her to see .	Dresden also got it, and for her it was a great thing.	0
The comments section for this article is pretty empty right now ...	The comment section for this article is currently quite empty.	0
Later I went to get a beer and when I opened the door , yep you guessed it , blood geyser .	Later I went and bought a beer, but when I opened the door, I thought it was a blood geyser.	0
on here look in your state. its important that white women speak about it to white men that are on the edge of being liberals or not lol or brainwashed fruit cakes.you can shock them wake them up or remind them. keep it up do n't get down on yourself. men will do whatever a woman says right lol	It's important that white women talk about it to white men who are about to be liberal or not lol or brainwashed fruit cakes.you can shock them by waking them up or reminding them. keep that don't lower you. men will do anything a woman just says lol	0
I love them to death and would kill anyone that threatened them , but they will be hell when they get older ...	I love them until death, and I will kill anyone who threatens them, but when they grow up, they will become hell.	0
And now Sweden 's down against the nig nogs ... well at least it was very close , and they only lost in overtime ...	And now Sweden is down for the nig nogs... at least it’s very close, and they’ve just lost in overtime...	1
It was good to see proud white British people celebrate our lads , the crowd was all white , i wouldve gone if id known it was happening , the traffic was bad today , ill bet thatll be why proud white British people celebrate 2nd Signal Regiment Malton and Pickering Mercury - `` Throng welcomes soldiers at parade '' 104.7 Minster FM - `` 300 soldiers welcomed home in York '' Darlington and Stockton Times - `` 2 Signal Regiment march through York following return from Afghanistan '' Obviously there was sorrow for Lee Rigby and his family , we are outraged and very angry at what happened to him	It was nice to see proud white British people celebrating our boy, the crowd was all white, I would have disappeared if I knew it was happening, today’s traffic is bad, bad bet why proud white English people celebrate 2nd Signal Forces Malton and Pickering Mercury – “Throng welcomes soldiers from the parade” – 104.7 Minster FM – “300 soldiers were welcomed home from York” – Darlington and Stockton Times – “2 Signal Groups marched through York after returning from Afghanistan”	0
And before you ask : Yes I bite my lips .	And before I ask, yes, I bite my lips.	0
Occasionally I 've accidentally left the window open , and Dr. Pierce lectured to the neighborhood	Sometimes I accidentally opened the window and Dr. Pierce gave a lecture to the neighborhood.	0
I've seen on the web he is making a new horror film called `` it waits '' but cant find that much about it	I’ve seen on the internet he’s making a new horror film called “It’s Waiting” but Cant found a lot about it.	0
What does any of that have to do with racial preservation and the resistance to the deliberate and calculated extermination of the White race and the destruction of western civilization which 99 % of the members of this site are concerned with ?	What does all this have to do with the deliberate and computed extinction of racial protection and resistance to the white race and the destruction of Western civilization, which concerns 99% of the members of this site?	0
I sat up with my eldest son till 5 am to watch a fight that went 14 secs .	I sat down with my eldest son until 5 a.m. and watched the 14 second fight.	0
Was there actually supposed to be any evidence of Celtic communities in NZ contained on that page ?	Should there really be evidence of the Celtic community in the NZ included on that page?	0
If your house door was locked , but at midnight your neighbor opened the door for some muslims to come inside and take your stuff , rape your wife and beat you nearly to death ... would you still think your neighbor was a nice guy ?	If the door of your house is locked, but at midnight your neighbor opens the door, let some Muslims go in, take your stuff, rape your wife, beat you may die...Do you still think your neighbour is a good boy?	1
I base this post on the fact that I live a few hundred yards from the house I was born in and have never felt the desire to suck the milk from anything other than an English nipple .	I’m based on this post on the fact that I live hundreds of meters away from my home where I was born, and I’ve never felt the urge to suck milk in anything other than my British nipples.	0
Brainwashed much ?	Do you brainwash a lot?	0
That is because Lycurgus has been on moderation forever and should be let off .	That’s because Lycurgus has been in moderation forever and must be released.	0
Fedor going down like he did hurt a lot too .	Fedor went down as if he had done a lot of harm too.	0
If a person 's sexuality is an issue for them only then it should be an issue for us , normal people of either orientation do n't have their sex life at the centre of their attention all the time , a heterosexual deviant is just as much as a problem as a homosexual deviant and there are more straight perverts and psychos around trying to `` infiltrate '' groups than there are homosexuals .	If one person’s sex is a problem only for them, it should be a problem for us, normal people in both directions don’t always put their sexual life at the center of concern, heterosexual people are a problem just like homosexuals, and around them there are more straight-shifted people and psychopaths trying to “enter” the group than gay people.	0
YouTube - Milk The Deadly Poison WATCH THIS !!!	YouTube - Milk of the deadly poison see this!!!	0
The border war moves closer to home : Just another day. . . . : A relaxing evening at home suddenly turns into the pursuit of drug smugglers in my neighborhood My blog. . .	The border war is getting closer to home: only a day... : A relaxing night at home suddenly turns into searching for drug traffickers in my neighborhood My blog..	0
If you love your Race and want to see it thrive well into the future , You 're a Racist .	If you love your race and want it to thrive in the future, you are a racist.	0
"....she was a Gypsie woman ..... " , i like Black Sabbath but i dont like Gypsies .	“I like Black Sabbath, but I don’t like Gypsies.	0
Knowledge and skill trumps gear everytime .	Knowledge and skills are improving every day.	0
Do they discharge soldiers from the military if they get STDs or letting them stay and allowing them to put their comrades at risk ?	Do they discharge the soldiers of the army if they receive STDs or allow them to stay and let them put their companions at risk?	0
There is an active community here - you just need to get off the net to find it .	There’s an active community here – you just have to get out of the net to find it.	0
I usually find it handy to connect with people I want to meet etc ie text them or talk on the phone so we can meet in person	I usually find it useful to connect with people I want to meet, etc. That is, write them a text or talk on the phone so that we can meet each other in person.	0
YouTube - Broadcast Yourself .	YouTube – Broadcast your own.	2
you just say blacks hate the cold. the only reason they are good athletes is because when you have to run lions and tigers you get fast or eaten .	You’re just saying that blacks don’t like the cold, and the only reason they’re good athletes is that when you have to run lions and tigers, you’re rushing to eat.	1
I have to go to work now .	I must go to work now.	0
Sorry , I just do n't buy it .	Sorry, I am not buying it.	0
I want to home school my future children , but I am afraid when they reach adulthood they will have no social skills .	I want to bring my children back to school in the future, but I am afraid that they will lack social skills when they grow up.	0
Man accused of triple murder in Hoffman Estates denied bond `` But at 1 : 30 a.m. Friday , Howard allegedly went to the home and a quarrel ensued .	The man who was accused of a three-time murder in Hoffman Estates refused the commitment."But on Friday at 1:30 p.m. Howard allegedly went home and followed a dispute.	0
Meta you are currently the fittest person I have ever saw on the stormfront site And thats against some pretty stiff competition as well	Meta you are currently the most suitable person I’ve seen on the storm front site and it’s even opposed to a pretty fierce competition.	0
They did n't last a week because of it .	They didn’t last a week due to it.	0
We will see who is getting belted and robbed in sofia then	We'll see who's being belted and stolen in Sofia	0
Do n't buy into it , just put it on your exams and forget that jew propaganda .	Do not buy it, put it in your test and forget that Jewish propaganda.	0
Yes and if I were a jewish-supremacist I 'd want it that way , too .	Yes, and if I was a Jewish supremacist, I would like it too.	0
I saw the movie Valkyrie with Tom Cruise in the lead role .	I watched the Valkyrie movie with Tom Cruise in the leading role.	0
A good solution is that we make a good famous news program where we can show this kind of things , but that 's nearly impossible ..	A good solution is to make a good famous news show that we can show this kind of thing, but it’s almost impossible.	0
I took that post and expanded on it in a new thread because I do n't want to derail the music thread .	I took this post and expanded it into a new topic because I don’t want to divert the topic from the music.	0
My big complaint is that it is freaking expensive .	My biggest complaint is that it is extremely expensive.	0
Is it a good idea for them to release all these videos ?	Is it a good idea to publish all these videos?	0
Let me see if I can find them for you .	Let me see whether I can find it for you.	0
I find most people wait to long to react in a physical encounter .	I find that most people wait a long time to react to a physical encounter.	0
Thank you very much .	thanks to you.	0
We are looking into building `` mud free zones '' by way of taking over key locations and building a refuge for our racial kindred .	We are looking for the construction of “Mud-Free Zones” through the acquisition of key places and the establishment of a protection for our race group.	1
It's not just blacks that fall after a good uppercut or direct to the chin , but these two are well fit for the blacks cause they have weaker chins than whites	Not only do blacks fall directly after a good upper cut, but these two have weaker chin than whites, so they fit better for blacks.	0
And those of you who havent put your logins on there you should .	Those of you who have placed your tents there, you should.	0
Apparently our - 50 degree winters are merely a stumbling block on the golden road to all our corn-fed white chicks .	Clearly, our 50-degree winter is just a collision device on the golden road for all our white chickens fed corn.	0
I don`t listen radio at all .	I do not listen to radio at all.	0
It's going to get bad when this comes out .	It will get bad when it comes out.	0
That, or they were beat-ups in school and now they have badges , guns , and huge chips on their shoulders !	So, or they were defeated at school, and now they have badges, guns and giant chips on their shoulders!	0
Your videos are excellent and you 're one of the most enlightened Whites in our struggle .	Your video is great and you are one of the most enlightened white men in our struggle.	0
They are of Mediterranean type , it 's normal because of the temperature to have darker pigmentation , than fellow whites from western and northern Europe .	They are Mediterranean type, it is normal to have a darker pigmentation due to the temperature than the other white from the West and Northern Europe.	0
So he can show her off like a brand new sparkly jewel etc etc .	So he can make her look like a fresh glowing jewel.	0
Let 's hope so !	We hope that it is so!	0
There are only two outspoken artists - Steve Hofmeyer and Sunette Bridges .	There are only two open artists: Steve Hofmeyer and Sunette Bridges.	0
I mean three or four years older , like 24 or 25 years of age .	I mean 3 to 4 years or more, 24 or 25 years of age.	0
That doesn`t sound to bad , wait till you see 30 kids , 5 of which are white !	It doesn’t sound bad, wait until you see 30 children, five of whom are white!	0
It's been brought to my attention recently that I 've overlooked this one .	I was recently told that I had overlooked this.	0
I 'd love to have her join our homeschool discussions .	I would like her to participate in our home school discussion.	0
i live in the bay area and have no car and barely any money to my name. i want to join the fight. if anyone is going from around here or can get me there , please pm me .	I live in the coastal area and have no car and have little money in my name. I want to participate in the battle. If someone can go here or take me, please call me	0
I recall another recent story about a senior judge in Germany challenging the Holocaust story .	I remember another recent story about a senior judge in Germany who challenged the history of the Holocaust.	0
whats up I thought I might put my pic up here I 'm looking for some friends theres too many negroes around here some times I feel like there is' int any white guy left in the world. so message me and let me know there is stll some white brothers out their .	As for what I thought I could mention my little here, I was looking for some friends, there are too many black people here, and sometimes I felt there were any white people left in this world, so tell me, let me know there were a few white brothers on them.	1
https://equity.spps.org/uploads/raci...y_glossary.pdf In another version ( hardcopy , photocopy from a 2009 ) it read power , position , and privilege , and now it reads power , presence , and privilege .	HTTPS://equity.spps.org/uploads/raci...y_glossary.pdf In a different version (Hard copy, Photo copy from a 2009) it reads power, position and privilege, and now it read power, present and privileges.	0
A friend brought a small little finger nail cleaning knife to school , a teacher found out , and he got expelled ...	A friend brought a small nail cleaning knife to school, a teacher discovered it, and he was expelled.	0
I 'm 20 and in Vancouver .	I am 20 years old, in Vancouver.	0
YouTube - Detroit : Gang Battle at Funeral	YouTube: Detroit: Gang Battle at the Funeral	0
throw me a message as well folks .	Leave a message to me, people too.	0
And Vermont is a uber-liberal stronghold where child molesters are treated better then law-abiding citizens .	Vermont is a super-liberal fortress where victims of child abuse are treated better than citizens who abide by the law.	0
White people have guns also .	The white people also have guns.	0
May the gods and goddesses watch over you both !	May God and the Goddess take care of you both.	0
He just got completely knocked out , should be fine , I 've seen people flop around like a fish many times after being completely knocked out .	He had just been completely knocked out, and it had to be okay, and I saw him swing people around like fish several times after being completely beaten.	0
Shame on you .	A shame for you.	0
Check out ghost towns .	Take a look at Ghost Towns.	0
I'm happy for the two of you .	I am happy for you both.	0
I passed through there on a flight and walked through the city , oh God , I thought the plane accidentally landed in Singapore !	I went through there on a flight and went through the city, oh God, I thought the plane was randomly landing in Singapore!	0
You could be 500 feet offshore and still only be knee deep in water .	You can be 500 feet away from the sea and still be on your knees deep in the water.	0
looking for proud white female in ohio for friends and maybe more .	Looking for proud white woman in New York for friends and more.	0
Spread the link everywhere in public and in internet !	Spread the link all over the world in public and on the internet!	0
Thank God for that .	Thanks to God for this.	0
God Bless	blessed God	0
My prayers go out for the grieving families of those who perished ... What a terrible tragedy ... God have mercy on the souls of those who have left this earth .	My prayer goes for the sad families of those who have lost... what a terrible tragedy... God has mercy for the souls of the people who have left this earth.	0
How about the hook noses ?	What about Hook’s Nose?	0
I eventually came to the conclusion that jews behave more like a criminal syndicate than any respectable religion .	I eventually concluded that Jews are more like a criminal group than any respected religion.	1
I already gave up on Gone With The Wind for the same reason .....	I have stopped passing with the wind for the same reason.	0
I already have most of the above .	I already have the majority of it.	0
I hate the term black in reference to the Niggardly kind .	I hate the black term referring to the Niggardly kind.	0
German Knight symbols for my company WarChief - the Academy of Unconventional Warfare .	The German knight symbol for my company WarChief - the non-traditional war academy.	0
Neanderthals are classified either as a human species or a human subspecies based upon which scientist you 're talking to .	Neanderthals are classified as human species or human subspecies, based on what scientists are talking about.	0
I used to be bikini model skinny .	I was a bikini model.	0
I 've seen it happen so many times. : explode	I have seen it so many times: exploded	0
I guess it is all Jews because that rabbi guy who says we must to serve Jews was a Iraqi Jew .	Because the rabbi who told us we should serve the Jews was an Iraqi Jew.	1
THANKS !	Thank you!	0
2508	of 508.	0
Whats the difference between St. Patrcks Day , and Martin Luther King Day ? ........................... On St. Patricks day every body wishes they are Irish .	What is the difference between St. Patrick's Day and Martin Luther's king's day?........................................................The day of St. Patric each body wants them to be Irish.	0
From your one time enemies , and now eternal allies , the English	From your once enemies, and now from your eternal allies, Britain	0
Maybe try out Red Harvest , The Berzerker and Mistress .	Maybe you can try Red Harvest, The Berzerker and Mistress.	0
Suspect also linked to 2009 murder rape case ..	There are also suspects related to the 2009 rape.	0
They all deserve an ass kicking .	Everyone deserves to beat their ass.	1
They feel the need to close down a prison full of terroris / people who aided in the killing of our soldiers and scatter them all around the world. ??????????????????	They felt it necessary to close a prison full of terrorists and those who helped kill our soldiers and scatter them around the world.	0
Please save us from ourselves Buzz !	Please save us out of ourselves Buzz.	0
Why would they let blacks live ?	Why do blacks survive?	1
hey i just moved here and dont know anyone yet ... so if anyone lives around here id like meet ya and hang out or something .	Hey, I’m just moving here and I don’t know anyone yet... so if someone is around here, you want to meet and hang or something.	0
The site was down for 2 days but is now online again .	The site was closed for two days, but now it is online again.	0
Very good .	very good	0
I've used FireFox for over a year now .	I have used FireFox for more than a year now.	0
But how does one objectively distinguish a racist white gun owner from a non racist one ?	But how do we objectively divide a racist white gun holder and a non-racist person?	0
Bad for home defense , which is a pity , its probably a spectacular manstopper , those soft lead hollow base Foster slugs flatten out quickly .	It’s bad for home defense, which is unfortunate, it could be a spectacular human interceptor, and those soft lead holes with the Foster’s were quickly smoothed.	0
Let's change subject for a while , here is a song from one of my favorite movies in last 10 years , do n't know do you like Bourne ?	We’re going to change the topic for a moment, here’s a song from one of my favorite films over the last 10 years, don’t you know you like Bourne?	0
I believe this was posted before but had no sound and the victim 's face was blurred .	I think this was released earlier, but there was no sound and the victim’s face was darkened.	0
They have a St. Patrick ' Day free book here .	You have a free book for St. Patrick's Day here.	0
Thank you !	and thank you!	0
You will get my unreserved and total support !	You will receive my full and unreserved support!	0
It went through the history of all Dracula movies and the real life Dracula !	It has passed through all the history of the Dracula film and the real life Dracura!	0
If so , email me or PM me .	If so, please send me an email or PM.	0
This is the same race that thinks raping babies cures AIDS .	It is the same race that believes that raping babies heals AIDS.	1
Helll , last time I looked wetbacks were streaming across like it was free greencard day .	Helll, the last time I saw the Wetbacks stream as if it was a free Green Card day.	0
No, I hope the negro is not all right , ever .	“No, I hope the black people are never right.	1
It would be great if we could get every last white out of there so no one would be there to fix things .	If you could get all the last white out of there, no one would be there to fix things.	1
I was also wondering if any of you all believe if any `` subrace '' is superior to another ?	I also wondered if each of you believed that one “subrace” is greater than another?	0
im with you here I see it day in day out like everyone else its easy to sit back and watch but together we are strong and its good to be with like minded people	I see it day by day like everyone else, it’s easy to sit and look, but together we’re strong and it is good to be with people of the same mind.	0
There is no honor in a street fight .	There's no honour in a street fight.	0
I have a .40 sub compact and a .40 XDM .	I've got a.40 sub compact and.40 XDM.	0
Along with John Bardeen and Walter Houser Brattain , Shockley co-invented the transistor , for which all three were awarded the 1956 Nobel Prize in Physics .	Together with John Bardeen and Walter Houser Brattain, Shockley co-invented the transistor, all three of whom won the 1956 Nobel Prize in Physics.	0
The Armenian DNA R1b -- 32 % I -- 38 % R1a --- 6 % J --- 6 % Source : Authors : Michael E. Weale Levon Yepiskoposyan Rolf F. Jager Nelli Hovhannisyan Armine Khudoyan Oliver Burbage-Hall Neil Bradman , Mark G. Thomas Title : Armenian Y chromosome haplotypes reveal strong regional structure within a single ethno-national group Hum Genet ( 2001 ) 109 : 659 674 DOI 10.1007/s00439-001-0627-9 Received : 14 September 2001 / Accepted : 14 September 2001 / Published online : 30 October 2001 ORIGINAL INVESTIGATION M.E. Weale ( ✉ ) R.F. Jager O. Burbage-Hall N. Bradman M.G. Thomas Centre for Genetic Anthropology , Departments of Biology and Anthropology , University College London , University of London , Darwin Bdg , Gower St , London WC1E 6BT , UK e-mail : m.weale@ucl.ac.uk , Tel. : + 44-207-4043040 , Fax : + 44-207-4042081 L. Yepiskoposyan N. Hovhannisyan A. Khudoyan Institute of Man , Yerevan , Armenia R.F. Jager Faculteit Biologie , Vrije Universiteit Amsterdam , Amsterdam , The Netherlands http://www.ucl.ac.uk/tcga/tcgapdf/We ... 01-Armenia.pdf Table 1 Y chromosome haplogroup frequencies in six Armenian regions ( determined by paternal grandparental birthplace ) and eight comparative data sets Extract Ararat North Syunik K bakh Iranian West Turkey .	The ARMENIAN ADN R1b -- 32 % I -- 38 % R1a --- 6 % J -- 6 % Source : Authors : Michael E. Weale Levon Yepiskoposyan Rolf F. Jager Nelli Hovhannisyan Armine Khudoyan Oliver Burbage-Hall Neil Bradman, Mark G. Thomas Title : Armenia and comparative chromosome data haplotypes reveals a strong regional structure within a single ethnic-national group Hum Genet ( 2001 ) 109 : 659 674 DOI 10.1007/s00439-001-0627-9, receiving: September 14, 2001 / Accepted: September 13, 2001 / Published online: October 30, 2001 ORIGINAL INESTA.	0
So then what caused the booms and busts BEFORE the FED was put into place and we had a bimetallic based money ?	So, what caused prosperity and collapse before the Federal Reserve was established, and did we have dual-metal currencies?	0
Black is a color but the Negroids more than not resemble a walking pile of feces with arms and legs ... they even stink !	Black is the color, but black people are like a stack of excretions while walking with their arms and feet... they even smell!	1
Such is the sign of our time ...	These are the signs of our time...	0
But that is why I belong and support Stormfront .	That is why I am part of and support Stormfront.	0
I bought a revolver at an auction , the barrel was dirty especially near the forcing cone area .	I bought the bullet at the auction, and the barrel was dirty near the forced Cone area.	0
I wonder why the Irish media are so obsessed with this site .	I wonder why Irish media are so obsessed by this site.	0
What I mean is that they overall were able to take all of it back as well as keep those colonies longer than the Italians .	What I want to say is that, in general, they were able to recover all this, as well as to maintain those colonies longer than the Italians.	0
It was also the only day I wanted to do that .	It was the only day that I wanted to do that.	0
They get some of the same white guilt trip from the private schools .	They get part of the same white guilt journey in private schools.	0
The peepers are getting old ...	Pedestrians are getting older.	0
Now sit back down by the radio with your mug of tea and wait for your favourite BBC radio shows to come on and forget all about the truth .	Now take a cup of tea and sit on the radio, wait until your favorite BBC radio show comes out and forget all about the truth.	0
Christ did not promote any violence , however mohammed ordered to kill the non believers , which includes us christians and pagans on Stormfront .	Christ did not promote any violence, but Muhammad ordered the killing of the unbelievers, including us Christians and pagans on the front of the storm.	0
Angry Aryans is probably my fav band .	Angry Aryans is my favorite band.	0
I wonder when it will end , and when people will have had enough as well .	I wonder when it will end, and if people have had enough of it.	0
I 'm about two hours outside of Chicago , so we get all the blacks with their thug attitudes in our town .	As I was about 2 hours away from Chicago, we get all the black people in their tough attitude in our city.	0
Being a racialist means you stop trying to hurt other White nations for the sole selfish interest of your own nation .	Becoming a racist means you stop trying to hurt other white countries because of the only selfish interests of your own nation.	0
NOW .	Now is	0
did Hitler not have a policy that only those with blue eyes would have lived ? brown hair was acceptable , only with blue eyes .	Hitler did not have a policy, only the blue eyes could survive? brown hair is acceptable, only blue eyes.	0
i cant wait , i 've been wanting something to say to these wiggers , but i can never find the right words .	I can’t wait, I’ve always wanted to say something to these guys, but I never find the right words.	0
It is like they would bleach their hair blonde and bleach their skin `` White '' , speak English , etc but still they would torment others with their Black characteristics .	It’s like they’re whitening their blond hair and whitened their skin “White”, speaking English, etc. But they still torture others with their characteristics.	1
Agent Bulldog ( Sweden ) - Oi !	Agent Bulldog (Swedish) – Oi!	0
We plan on holding a family camping/fun weekend in the summer once the weather has ( I hope ! ) improved .	We plan to hold a family camp/fun weekend in the summer as soon as the weather (I hope!) is improved.	0
What A Busy Week of Media Work Getting Out the Story of Canada Customs Thought Police and Harassment * CAFE You Tube -- Paul Fromm on censorship in Canada - YouTube * Co-host STORMFRONT Radio ( twice ) * Co-host THE TRUMP PHENOMENON ( twice on Republic Broadcasting * Interviewed on Jamie Kelso 's THE AMERICAN FREEDOM PARTY SHOW * RED ICE RADIO ( discussing the Arthur Topham `` hate law '' trial -- http://www.redicecreations.com/radio ... RIR-160210.php * The Brandon Martinez Show -- https : //youtu.be/wKF8Ekh3Rqk * One hour interview on VOTERS ' ECHO television show -- Voters Echo - Paul Frommâ s take on freedom of speech and the Charter of Rights ! 09 February 2016 - YouTube * And , of course , on my nightly radio show on whiteresistanceradio.com	What is a media-working week to discover the history of Canadian police and customs harassment * CAFE You Tube - Paul Fromm on censorship in Canada - YouTube * Co-hosting STORMFRONT Radio (two times) * co-host THE TRUMP PHENOMENON (twelve times on Republic Broadcasting * Interviewed on Jamie Kelso's THE AMERICAN FREEDOM PARTY SHOW * RED ICE RADIO (discussing Arthur Topham's trial ``the law of hatred '' - http://www.redicecreations.com/radio... RIR-1602php10. * The Brandon Martinez Show - https: //youtube/wwF8Ekh3Rqk * An hour of interview on the TV show VOTERS'HOOTERS - Echooters - Paul from the Charter of Freedom of Expression and February 9th 2016!	0
http://www.youtube.com/watch ? feature ... v = TrLWaksmkhA# !	http://www.youtube.com/watch? works... v = TrLWaksmkhA#! →	0
How do I explain this garbage to my son ?	How can I explain this rubbish to my son?	0
NPD demonstration in Hamburg : 35 attendants .	NPD protest in Hamburg: 35 people	0
I'm in a Canadian city of about 30,000 .	I am in a Canadian town of around 30,000.	0
This is bull * * * * !	That is bull!	0
http://www.nationalvanguard.org/story.php ? id = 4191	HTTP://www.nationalvanguard.org/history.php? id = 4193	0
Is it out of fear ?	It is out of fear?	0
123 - BG 456 - MK 78 - BG 910 - MK 6 errors from 10 , as you see is same like before , average answares are 5 / 5 , 1 less or more do n't change it .	123 BG 456 - MK 78 - BG 910 - MK 6 error 10, as you can see is the same as the previous, the average response is 5 / 5, 1 less or more does not change it.	0
Please notice as well there are none of those racist intolerant vile white people hanging about causing trouble , they were forced out long ago !	Please keep in mind also that there is no one of those violent white intolerant racist people who dare to cause problems, they have been forced a long time ago!	0
Liberals go on about diversity and how we all need it , but they have no problem with two completely different types of people blending together and being the same .	Liberals talk about diversity and how we all need it, but there’s no problem with the same thing when two completely different types of people are mixed together.	0
Good luck on the magneto-hyperdrive .	Good luck with Magneto Hyperdrive.	0
New Supreme Court Justice Lord Dyson JC Article .	The Supreme Court Judge Lord Dyson J.C.	0
Explain to them this is wrong. send mass emails explaining the science behind it , and tell everyone not to breed with them .	Explain them that it is wrong, send a lot of emails, explain the science behind it, and tell everyone not to be with their race.	1
It's a great book but I doubt you can find it in English on the Inet .	This book is great but I doubt you can find it in English in Innet.	0
I 'm in Birmingham , myself and even the nicer suburban area where I 'm from is getting darker and darker .	I’m in Birmingham, and myself and the better suburbs I’ve been to are getting darker and darker.	1
Hiring someone from this website should ensure we do n't hire undesirables .	Employing someone from this website should make sure we don’t hire what we do not want.	1
Jeremy Moore was shot and killed at an Oklahoma City apartment complex while delivery a pizza back in November 2008 .	Jeremy Moore was shot in an Oklahoma City apartment complex when he delivered a pizza in November 2008.	0
You could try looking at the National socialist and Fascist Resource Centre at http://www.ufc.co.uk They cover a whole range of educational material .	You can look at the National Socialist and Fascist Resource Center at http://www.ufc.co.uk and they cover the full range of educational materials.	0
Oh so we cannot post on this subject because at this moment in time we are not in the same AREA as you .... WHATEVER So I will wait maybe untill next spring when I go to LODZ And JP should wait untill he starts school this winter in Bratislava THEN can we post ?? ......... PLEASE SIR	Oh so we can't post about this topic because at this moment in the time we're not in the same AREA as you.... WHATEVER So I'll probably wait until the next spring if I'm going to LODZ and JP should wait until it starts this winter in Bratislava school.	0
DRM Radio will be broadcasting it 's second show , live this coming Thursday the 23rd Dec , 8pm to 10pm on http://drmradio.ubroadcast.com/ Listeners to the show are welcome to send us material they would like to have read on-air during any of our live broadcasts .	DRM Radio will be the broadcast of its second show, live this next Thursday, December 23, 8pm to 10pm at http://drmradio.ubroadcast.com/ The audience of the show are welcome to send us material that they would have read in the air during any of our live broadcasts.	0
Do n't get me wrong , it is a nice platform .	Don’t misunderstand me, it’s a great platform.	0
There was an article in Sunday 's New York Post , about some Jew Fag that was stalking a famous fag `` Anderson Cooper '' .	There was an article in Sunday's New York Post about some of the Jewish fakes chasing the famous fakes "Anderson Cooper."	0
I saw a few video tests of them somewhere ........	I saw some videos of their tests somewhere.	0
I live around western new york and i cannot stand the puerto ricans in my school .	I live in the west of New York and can’t stand the Puerto Rican in my school.	0
you want to help your race ?	Do you want to support your race?	0
Apes even have the instinct to basically leave these for dead .	Even monkeys have the instinct to leave them dead.	1
Just wanted to give this another bump and call out to anymore people in the Calgary area that are interested in meeting up , please feel free to message me .	I just wanted to give this another pump, and I wanted to call more people in the Calgary area who were interested in meeting, please send me a message	0
Watch the video the New York Times did n't Want You to See - YouTube	Watching the New York Times doesn't want you to see the video - YouTube	0
You got good friends kid and let me tell ya , good friends are hard to come by .	You have good friends and kids, let me tell you that good friends are hard to go through.	0
Lisa 's grandpa won it in a department poker game back in the 30s .	Lisa's grandfather won it in a division poker game in the 1930s.	0
Maybe they will be resettled deliberately as refugees or maybe they will come for the women like the chinese men are doing .	Per they will be deliberately immigrated as refugees, or maybe they will come looking for women, as Chinese men do.	1
My daughter just got Journey to Center of the Earth today from our stockpile of books .	My daughter just picked up the trip to the center of the Earth today from our book stock.	0
Besides Metallica 's new album , I have n't bought a mainstream album in like a year .	In addition to Metallica’s new album, I haven’t bought a mainstream album in as much as a year.	0
The older I get `` in my mid 40s now '' the more I appreciate straight forward simple language that gets to the point .	The older I get, the more I value the simple language that I reach that point, “now in my mid-40s.”	0
To be honest .. it frightens the living hell outta me .	To be honest, it scares the hell living beyond me.	0
Here are some sites that I find to have reasonably reliable information on current events , and other topics .	Here are some of the sites I found that have quite reliable information about current events, as well as other topics.	0
My boyfriend needs to watch this video ... I 've gotten fed up before and told him to turn the damn thing off and put on some music , look at things on the internet , or go somewhere out of the house .	My boyfriend needs to watch this video...I’ve been tired of telling him to turn off something fucking, put on some music, watch something on the internet, or get out of the house.	0
I have lived in Mexico for 16 years and yes , it was too hard being surrounded by so many brownies ( mestizos and indigenous ) .	I’ve lived in Mexico for 16 years, but yes, it’s been hard to be surrounded by too many brownies (mestizo and indigenous people).	1
Is it possible that we developed an alcohol tolerance as a way to conquer other tribes ?	Is it possible that we have developed a tolerance to alcohol as a way to conquer other tribes?	0
Over at Free Republic in a thread about this , someone said about two days ago that youtube was blocking people from commenting on tbe video but many had found a way around youtubes block to post .	In a topic on this topic, about two days ago, someone said that YouTube blocked people from commenting on tbe videos, but many had found a way to block YouTube to post.	0
sounds just like leicester mate ... still what about our porr comrades that live in brighton , when there look out there window , there see the sight of 50 thousand queers there all strtting there * * * * on the street	It sounds like leicester mate... but what about our porn partners living in Brighton, when they look out of the window, they see the eyes of the 500,000 queen, and they all walk in the street.	1
Bighorn - YouTube First Run in Whitefish - Montana - Skifahren in den Rockies mit skiStern.de - Skireisen und mehr ...	Bighorn - YouTube First Run in Whitefish - Montana - Skiing in the Rocks with skiStern.de -...	0
I was very inspired by Moran 's writing .	I am very interested in Moran’s writing.	0
the school board is completely blinded to the events that go on with their schools ... i contacted them about the boy with the knife n they were never even informed of the situation nor were the authorities called , eventhough that is what the school policy requires in such situations ...	The school board is completely blind to the events that follow in their school... I contacted them about the boy with a knife but they didn’t know about the situation and were not called to the authorities, even if it was the school’s policy required in such circumstances.	0
This is such a stupid question as you are not born poor or rich but if it came down to it obviously white and `` poor '' .	This is a stupid question because you are not born poor or rich, but obviously white and “poor.”	0
Negro rainforest `` music ''.	The Black Rainforest “Music.”	0
No one else is going to bother telling this story .	No one will bother to tell this story.	0
what sense does it make to have hispanics securing the border. were do you think their loyalties are. with native americans. so let 's support motivated wn s with a good record in becoming border patrol agents .	What sense makes the Hispanics secure the border? you think their loyalty is? with the native Americans. so allow motivated support with a good record to become border patrols agents.	0
Sometimes I wonder if it is Because Whites are so much smarter that they find it harder to run together , as opposed to , independently .	Sometimes I wonder if it is because white people are so smart that it will be harder to run together than to run independently.	1
He live on forums all day because he have no job .	He lives all day at the forums because he has no job.	0
January 29th , 2012 - Whitefish Amtrak Station in winter .	January 29, 2012 - Amtrak Whitefish Station in winter.	0
Yeah I downloaded them all just in case , have to wait until the all-in-one video gets posted again , seems the hews and their companies got to YT as usual and took it down ..	Yes, I have downloaded them all only in case, you have to wait until the video all in one is published again, it seems that the hews and their companies have arrived at YT as usual and have taken it off.	0
I actually celebrate Black History Month .	I really celebrate the Month of Black History.	0
I am of German and British descent ( 75 % German , 25 % British , approx. )	I am from Germany and the UK (75% German, 25% British, approx. )	0
I would like to say a very big welcome to all our new members I have not been around of late but hopefully I will be back here on a more regular basis .	I want to say a very great welcome to all the new members that are not late, but I hope to come back here more regularly.	0
No .	not.	0
What the Hell did Sweden ever do to anyone to deserve this kind of treatment ?	What has Sweden ever done to someone who deserves this type of treatment?	3
The person who does that will also make history in his or her field .	Those who do this will also make history in their field.	0
So I guess you 'll just have to go to the Canadian Prime Minister and ask him to declare you Emperor and step down , or something ?	So I think you should go to the Canadian prime minister and ask him to declare you emperor and resign.	0
CRIPPPINNN !!!!	Take a look!!	0
MY best mate has this problem and it makes me sad its like he is scared but i cant do anything the more i go on with it the more he gets sick of it.So i think dont force it on them that may turn them away however hard it is to sit there and listen to them say `` i dont care ''	My best friend has this problem and it makes me sad as he’s afraid, but I can do something, the more I go with him, the better he gets sick.So I don’t think to force them to get away, how hard it’s to sit there and hear them say, “I take care of it.”	0
Look for my thread ( Oh no !	Find my thread (Oh no!	0
We are not fighting against white immigrants though many British are getting angry at them taking their jobs etc .	We are not fighting white immigrants, even though many Britons are angry that they have taken their jobs.	0
they need to feel it on their skin , so next time they wont give my land to the some subhuman muslim dogs .	They need to feel this on their own skin, so the next time they will not give my land to some unhuman Muslim dogs.	1
Whites are supposed to ignore this ?	White people should ignore this.	0
Nowadays, your ebony specimen chooses to sit at the back of the bus , so they can get up to all manner of mischief !	Today, your Ebony sample will choose to sit behind the bus so they can stand up to all sorts of evils!	1
Perhaps get out and put up some BNP stickers .	Maybe you can go out and put some BNP sticker.	0
Who knows , maybe what has reached the ears of the majority is just deliberate disinformation designed to create confusion , while their real agenda remains safely concealed .	Who knows, maybe that is what has reached the ears of the majority, only deliberately disinformation, which is intended to create confusion while their actual agenda is hidden.	0
Id say move out west were ever either B.C or Alberta all white people in Canada need to move out west so we can take the west back .	ID says that going out of the West was once England or Alberta, and all the white people in Canada need to go out of West, so we can bring the West back.	0
I'm too old ( 38 ) , but I live in Tucson .	I am too old (38 years old), but I live in Tucson.	0
white nationalists in america need to get over the idea that conservatives or republicans are on our side. only we are on our side .	White nationalists in America must overcome the idea that the Conservatives or Republicans are on our side.	0
It wasnt really that dangerous perse , just stinky , and dumb , with the poor 5 % white kids the outcasts , which made some of them hooligans and crazy .	It really wasn’t that kind of dangerous Persians, just the stinking, stupid, poor 5% of white children being rejected, which made some of them mad and mad.	1
Quick!	So fast!	0
The gay issue is practically non-existent in Romania , even though the local gay NGO organizes a yearly `` pride parade '' in Bucharest .	The issue of homosexuality is almost not present in Romania, despite a local gay NGO held a “pride demonstration” in Bucharest.	0
Thanks for the tip // lila	Thanks for your advice, Lila.	0
What if Johnny wants to be the quarterback on the football team ?	What if Johnny wanted to be a quarterback for a football team?	0
I think Whites should home school their children if at all possible .	I think white people should go back to school with their children if possible.	0
I want more data but this is a good start ... You 've made me wish I had n't been such a TV-phobe these last few years Next stop , I 'll be looking up all these characters and adding photos in case there are other cave dwellers like me on this thread ...	I want more data, but it’s a good start... You make me hope I’m not such a TV photographer in the past few years, I’ll see all of these characters and add photos if there’s other cave residents like me on this strip.	0
Thanks !	Thank you!	0
Hey, I live in Illinois not too far from you. i 'm always trying to find new friends and people to hang out with , some email me sometime	I'm always trying to find new friends and people to hang out with, some email me someday	0
It 's 93 right now here , but 81 there .	Now it is 93, but now it is 81.	0
I am not a skin , and I wore a suit at the rally .	I’m not skin, and I wear a clothes at the rally.	0
Stop race mixing and discourage those who practice it .	Stop mixing races and discourage those that practice it.	1
Get both concealable level II armor for mild civil unrest scenarios , and heavy level IV armor for SHTF !	Get hidden Class II armor for mild civilian riots, as well as heavy Class IV equipment for the SHTF!	0
well sounds like were looking for the same thing ( but i have no idea if this is actually going to you !!! lol )	It sounds like looking for the same thing (but I don't know it's really going to you!!! lol )	0
What the ...	So what the...	0
At this point I will assume the media is lying about everything other than a Negro being arrested for his murder .	At this point, I will assume that the media will deny anything other than that a Negro is arrested for his murder.	1
new to the hole scene 20/m from connecticut make sure you find the real people and not the hole fake wp people	New to Hole Scenes 20/m From Connecticut Make sure you find real people, not hole fake people	0
What was the condition of the White Western World the day before Hitler 's stupid war and what is the condition today ?	What was the situation in the western white world the day before Hitler's stupid war and what is the situation today?	0
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fRh48AdAS1A RACIST HATE CRIME - YouTube What to Do About Racist Behaviour ?	HTTPS://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fRh48AdAS1A Racists Hate Crime - What to Do About YouTube Racism Behavior?	0
And there you have it .	And there, you have it.	0
Share and prepare !	Sharing and preparing!	0
So Toronto Police are investigating a `` racist '' `` alt-right '' poster found on a telephone poll near a school .	So the Toronto police are investigating a “racist” “right” poster found in a phone survey near the school.	0
If I would be in your possition I would give better marks to white children in your school and later that they could get to better universitys .	If I were in your capacity, I would give white children a better score in your school, and later they could go to a better college.	0
The future is ours , as long as we do not sit by and wait to be overrun by the subhumans .	The future belongs to us as long as we don’t sit next to us waiting to be flooded by humans.	1
If so , why ?	If so, then why?	0
1911 Colt Single Action Army ( A.K.A. Peacemaker ) F & N Five seveN PSG-1 I could go on all day , but I just listed a few off the top of my head	1911 Colt Single Action Army (A.K.A. Peacemaker ) F&N Five seveN PSG-1 I could go all day, but I listed some on my head.	0
They 're so close that many believe we interbred , you ca n't interbreed with a chimp .	They’re so close that many people think we’re mixed with each other, and you don’t think you’ve mixed up with chimpanzees.	1
The school was Morningside Elementary School in Port St. Lucie , Florida. black teacher has kindergarten class vote out White boy What happened to this boy was child abuse .	The school was Morningside Elementary School in Port St. Lucia, Florida, where black teachers had kindergarten classes voting, and what happened to white boys was abuse of children.	0
Finding ourselves having to live here in annexed Aztlan is all the more reason to band together .	Discovering that we have to live here in the attached Aztlan is increasingly a reason to unite.	0
My french teacher at school found one way to get us boys to concentrate , put a french woman with big boobs in front of us .	A French teacher at my school found a way to focus on us boys and put a French woman with big breasts in front of us.	0
Understood , SF Bulgaria ???	Did you know that it is SF Bulgaria?	0
Edit: alright , I did it ...	Edit: Okay I did it.	0
Stupid White Man makes vacation get away in living room .	The foolish white man takes off the vacation in the living room.	0
I tried to find this crappy commercial on YouTube when it first came out so I could post it here .	I tried to find this commercial crappy on YouTube when it came out for the first time so I could post it here.	0
I would say not !	I will say I am not!	0
Man Accused of Murder Back in Court - WETM 18 Online Erin Jade Smith Obituary : View Erin Smith 's Obituary by Star-Gazette * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * Assumed Deceased : Danielle Brown--FL--02/05/2010	The Man Accused of Murder Returns to Court - WETM 18 Online Erin Jade Smith Obituary: View Erin Smith's Obituaries by Star-Gazette * * • • •	0
I will say I love God as much as I like .	I will say that I love God just as much as I want.	0
That 's my kinda place	This is my place.	0
I used to live near a school that was 100 % Black with Black children living in all Black homes in a nearly all Black neighbourhood .	I lived near a school where I was 100% black, but there were also black children living in black families in almost every black neighborhood.	0
It may have had something to do with me still working on it , so I entered your vote through the moderator 's edit option .	It could still be related to me working on it, so I entered your vote through the editor option.	0
does anyone know if this school was bought or was started as a school for white kids bc if so i would move my family to kansas asap just so my kids could go to a white school ..	Who knows if this school was bought or started as a school for white children bc so I moved my family to Kansas asap so my children could go to white school	0
It is amazing that you can create an extremely sexist idea and assume that your idea is just sexist enough to be not be called on its sexism by feminists .	Surprisingly, you can create an extremely sexist idea and assume that your idea is genderized enough not to be called sexist by feminists.	0
It might get the sender , however , on a list of potential troublemakers to watch .	It is possible that the sender, however, is on a list of possible causes of trouble to see.	0
I have always thought Ireland to be the last all white country left .	I always thought Ireland was the last all-white country left.	0
Great work Mjodr .	Very good work Mjodr.	0
I believe his dog would like to get as far away from him as possible !	I think his dog wants to get as far away as possible from him!	0
It is a money making scam , that is why it is pushed .	It’s a money-making scam, and that’s why it’s pushed.	0
I think a lot of black males become conceited by this .	I think many black men will be aware of this.	0
Let them , their families and anyone who knows or like them have their children burn in front of them and watch their flesh melt off of their bodies .	They, their families, and everyone who knows them or loves them, burn their children before them, and their flesh melted out of their bodies.	0
Hope he 'll stop all the foreign aid and fund the military more .	He hopes to stop all foreign aid and provide more funding for the military.	0
It 's * * * * in ' deadly !	It’s in ‘deadly’!	0
Certain cultural practices just tell you volumes about a people , do n't they ?	Certain cultural practices only tell you something about a nation, right?	3
atrabilious ( ah-truh-BIL-yus ) , adj .	At the end of the day, there is an adj.	0
France has been gone for a long time , we will have to retake it later because there will be no French people in not too long .	France has been gone for a long time, and we will have to take it back later, for soon there will be no French.	1
Or for that matter thinks he is a tree ?	Or is it because he thinks he's a tree?	0
White town saved by the magic negroes of Afreakkaland .	The White City was rescued by the magical black people of Afreakkaland.	1
Just because they are in super max does not mean they will never be out among us again .	Just because they’re in Super Max doesn’t mean they’ll never be with us again.	0
If you follow the cycle of water , what we drink has already been down the toilet a few times , so it 's nothing new .	If you follow the water cycle, what we drink has been in the bathroom several times, so it’s not new.	0
Makes you wonder how we invented anything at all and built nations that were the envy of the brown world when our countries were mostly white .	We wonder how we invented what and created a nation that was the envy of the brown world when our country was mostly white.	0
I guess they did n't want anyone pointing out the flaws in what they wrote .	I think they didn’t want anyone to highlight the errors in what they’ve written.	0
YouTube - Broadcast Yourself .	YouTube – Broadcast your own.	0
It 's usually the `` gangstas '' that use this pose .. and some scene kids , but even scene kids listen to ( c ) rap / hip hop , so ..	It is typically used by the “Gangstas” of this posture and some of the children of the scene, but even the children in the scene are listening to (c) rap/hip hop, so...	0
The times they are a changing .	With time, they are changing.	0
Creep	creepy	0
The thing that concerns me is that he got a house off the council thats a house that a Irish family should have got .	What I worry is that he has a house outside the council, a house that an Irish family should have.	1
Thanks to all the people that have come out to meet up recently it has been a real pleasure to meet everyone .	Thank you to all the people who have met recently, it was a pleasure to meet all of you.	0
hi i would love to chat with u ... pm me when u are online ok ?? i am a strong aryan woman	Hello, I’d like to talk to you... pm me when you’re online ok?? I’m a strong aryan woman	0
Maybe blacks are n't better , but their body is more shaped to hunt animals .	Maybe black people aren’t better, but their bodies are better suited to hunting animals.	1
Well, my whole jist of this time was to say that Norwegians are those whose kingdom is the most northerly and therefore the most nordic , as they have been referred to time after time again .	Well, my moment's full belief is that the Norwegians are those whose kingdom is the most northern, and therefore the most Northern, because they are mentioned from time to time.	0
The negress above have boasted about that she will become the first black woman as the prime minister of Sweden .	The above black people were proud that she would be the first black woman to become Swedish Prime Minister.	0
It happens with animals too , I bought a chicken to cook on my way home from the graveyard and popped it in the fridge for the next day .	This is also the case with animals, I bought a chicken to cook on the way to the cemetery and put it in the refrigerator for the	0
I just want to see all the styles of clothes , how they wear them , etc .	I just want to see all kinds of clothes, how they wear them, etc.	0
http://www.nature.com/news/2011/1109....2011.518.html This site is great for our cause .. It tells a whole different story through DNA , not political BS .	http://www.nature.com/news/2011/1109....2011.518.html This site is great for our cause.	0
If you think this is bad , wait until she gets to middle school and she has to read clap trap like Roll of Thunder Hear My Cry and see the movie .	If you think that’s wrong, wait until she goes to high school, and she’ll have to read a cliptrap like Roll of Thunder Hear My Cry and watch a movie.	0
white men and asian women actually do not hurt asian people and society since asians outnumber whites .	White men and Asian women do not hurt the Asian people and society, as Asian people are mostly white.	3
If I was back home the only reason I would go was to meet up with some of you guys for lunch or something .	If I come home, the only reason I should go is to meet a few of you for lunch or something.	0
I honestly hate Indians , Muslims , really anything with brown , black or yellow coloured skin I hate .	I hate Indians, Muslims, really everything that has brown, black or yellow skin that I hate.	1
I was beginning to think i was alone out here .	I began to think I was alone here.	0
Somehow I think maybe your a troll .	I think you might be a troll.	3
I am not a white female or in wisconsin but I figured I would say hi since your talkin with my wife	I'm not a white woman or in Wisconsin, but I thought I'd call because you're talking to my wife	0
Reinforce you disapproval of their wiggerism with approval whenever they act white .	Approve your rejection of their cruelty whenever they act in white.	0
The most common definition of Racist is Someone with White Skin .	The most common definition of a racist is someone with a white skin.	0
Yep, that 's London for ya .	This is London now.	0
Most adult anime comes with bright stickers indicating `` adults only '' .	Most adult cartoons have bright stickers that show "adult only".	0
Would you have been arrested if you shot them/killed them on your own property ?	Would you be arrested if you shoot them on your property?	0
im a 29 year old proud white male who is looking to surround myself with other proud white individuals. im not a radical just a normal guy who is proud of my culture and is tired of being looked down upon from society for being a proud white male. also tired of the `` white boyz '' who are clueless of who they are and where they come from. if anyone wants to know more about please ask	The 29-year-old proud white man seeks to surround himself with other proud white individuals. im Ordinary men who are proud of my culture, not extremists, are tired of being looked down from society, and also the fatigue of “white boys” who don’t know who they are and where they come from.	0
The reason y i dropped out of school was because either , i drop out or i got kicked out. i always fought with the packi gang at my school. and i was never going to back down. in auto class i handed the n * igger a monkey wrench and told him the name suited him aswell. all the non-whites hated me because i wore a `` nazi punk '' and a `` white pride '' patch on my coat and backpack. a got in a fight with some black chick and i won. the next day her butchy sister caught up with me in the hall way and said that after school her and i where gonna fight. i told her `` no if u wanna fight , we 're gonna fight right here right now. not after school where u can gather the rest of u monkies up so it 's an uneven fight '' . she huffed and stormed away. - we neevr did get to fight the last straw was the first day of school i had a forgein substitute teacher. so i was talkin and and this guy was on my case about turning around and getting my work done. he had to ask me this a few times and then finially i stood up and said , `` look , i 'm white ur black , i should be telling u whut to do ! '' ohhh man , my guidance conslour did n't like that nor did my principal .... ( this was n't at school this happened a month or so ago but these people went to my school ) i had a n * igger try to rob me at knife point in the forest while his gf sat back and watched. my friend came by and jumped him and i personally went after the chick. she ran and i caught up to her and smashed her head into a tree. thats only some of my stories ....... i got a few more but i dont have the time	I always fought with Pakki in school, I never had a leg, so in a car class I handed N * Igger over to my monkey and then told him my name was also suitable for him because I gave up, or I was kicked, I was always fighting with my school's Pakki leg, and I would never kneel, so I was in the garage she gave N * igger to a monkey, and she told him that my sister was fighting in the hall with me, and all non-whites hated me because I was wearing a "Nazi punk" and a "white pride" hit in school and I told her "If I don't want to fight," we're going to hit here now, not after school, because you can collect some other black monkeys on me, so he'll try to fight a white battle.	1
Any NS government that has them views are dangerous to their own people because they would decide who is worthy and unworthy and would make them king maker to decide that .	Any Nazi government that has these views is dangerous to its own people, because they will decide who is worthy and who is not, and will make them king to decide.	0
If it means exterminating the blacks in Africa so the gorillas have a healthy , big nature preserve I do n't oppose it .	If that means eradicating blacks in Africa, giving gorillas health and nature protection, I’m not against it.	1
One in every 1,613 residents of Flint were murder victims last year , as the city of 101,558 reported 63 murders in 2012 .	One in every 1,613 inhabitants of Flint was a murder victim last year, with 101,558 murders in 2012.	0
Terrible Tommy coming to Limerick.He will get in for a short holiday with a few lone wolves.He wants to go to King johns castle and see the town.Attachment 78266	The terrible Tommy comes to Limerick, he will spend a short holiday with some single wolves, he wants to go to King John's Castle and see the city.	0
I wonder how they will blame this one on the White Man .	I wonder why we blame this white man.	0
I would hate to live in Dublin with all the foreigners there now .	I would hate living in Dublin with all the strangers there now.	1
Yeah I watch the History Channel all the time and I am in all the Honor classes I just wanted to do something and yes I do have the muscle to back it up .	Yes, I’ve been watching history channels all the time and I’m in all honor classes, I wanted to do something and yes I have the muscles to back it up.	0
Politifuldm .	Politics of the State.	2
This is a good thread There is a lot of cheap WHITE places to live in the U.S. I have already drivin to look at some places already .	There are many cheap White places to live in the United States. I’ve already taken the time to look at some places already.	0
Let 's keep fights under one roof over there and keep this one fight free .	Let us continue to fight under one roof and make this battle free.	0
They fought fiercely for their land and got no mercy if captured alive	They fought fiercely for their land, and if they were taken alive and captured, they would not find mercy.	0
Last time I kissed her .... yesterday .	I kissed her last time, yesterday.	0
The story is available from the below link , which in turn came from AP .	The story is available under the following link, which in turn comes from AP.	0
There is a sign up , placed by the council , stating `` No Ball Games '' , so what are they doing , yes playing football .	There is an inscription, placed by the board, stating “No Ball Games”, so what they do, yes, play football.	0
Mrs. B 's anti gay messages are so important .	Mr. B’s anti-gay message is very important.	0
That lady is short next to everyone else .	This woman is short alongside all the others.	0
same over here in australia. the entire melbourne taxi system is filled with indians and africans. its funny that there are no calls for diversity in the taxi industry	Melbourne's entire taxi system is full of Indians and Africans. it's fun that there's no calls to diversity in the taxi industry	0
Even stopped at a Mcdonalds and there was not one white person in there .	He even stopped in McDonald's and there was no one white in it.	0
Some kid knocking on a blacks door and running away.Look donkeys fords chipie across the road the internet cafe run by black overeactcted.Attacked the Limerick kid all at least 20 of them.Kid arrived out later with his at least 30 friends.The owner of internet cafe says to the white youth i have white blood.One roars back the only thing white about you is your teeth .	A child knocks on a black door and escapes.He crosses the road and forces a chip into a black-run café in an internet café.He attacked at least 20 of them.The child arrived later with less than 30 friends.The owner of an internet cafe tells a white young man that I have white blood.The only thing about you	0
I work in close proximity to more of them than I care to .	I work closer to them than I care.	0
This thread was about Ukranians being white .	This topic was that the Ukrainians were white.	0
hi im 20 year old male in louisville kentucky and havent found one skin or even any1 proud of being white is there anymore like me out there ?	Hello, a 20-year-old boy in Louisville Kentucky and Havent finds a skin or even any one proud of being white, is there more like me outside?	0
in the ' raid ' of Hamburg phosphor bombs were used .	In the "attack" of Hamburg, a phosphorus bomb was used.	0
Listen to Bluegrass , Celtic , Texas Swing , Rock a Billy , old time County , Southern Rock , and White Nationalist music !	Listen to Bluegrass, Celtic, Texas Swing, Rock to Billy, Old Time County, Southern Rock and white nationalist music!	0
I lived in a town when I was younger ( here in colorado ) It was tiny , took maybe 30 minutes to walk across the whole town .	When I was young I lived in a village (here in Colorado ) it was small, and it took 30 minutes to walk around the city.	0
I would not even use anything that man says winston churchill is the reason we are in this mess in the first place the bastard should have been shot	I’m not going to even use something people say Winston Church is why we’re in this confusion and first the Bastard should be shot.	0
Guess we Yanks gave them a hel-uva attitude adjustment at Hiroshima .	Probably we gave the Yanks a hel-uva attitude in Hiroshima.	0
From 1990-2010 Canada brought in over 200,000 immigrants 18 timess !!! 9 times in 130 years .....	From 1990 to 2010, Canada brought more than 200,000 immigrants 18 times in 130 years!	0
But on a humourous note it could also mean `` burnt earth '' ( svidd jord ) .	However, in a note with a sense of humor, it may also mean “burnt land” (svidd jord).	0
Clast, good luck in your search !	Good luck on your search!	0
It 's obvious the International Jew has big plans for Ukraine now .	It is clear that the international Jews now have big plans for Ukraine.	0
To call them a civil rights organization without questions , you minus well call evil , good .	If you call a civil rights group without questions, you call good evil and deny good.	0
That 's great for our Germanic youth but if you want to include all of our youth thats cutting it a bit short is n't it ?	It’s great for our German youth, but if you want to include all of our youths, don’t you cut it a little short?	0
There is nothing I would love to see more than the arrest , trial and execution of these murderous and genocidal Zionists !	There is nothing that I would rather see more than the arrest, trial and execution of these deadly and violent Zionists!	1
I'll put money on it Amy this is the photo the females hate you are a stunning girl do n't let no1 drag you down .	I'm going to put money on Amy that's the photo women hate that you're a stunning girl, don't let you go down.	0
I noticed that that that was your first post .	I noticed that this was your first article.	0
Whites shoudl clean their own mess !	White shoulders cleanse your own chaos!	0
http://www.commercialappeal.com/news ... emain-custody / Now , a little about the school where she `` teaches '' .	http://www.commercialappeal.com/news/emain-custody / Now, a little about the school she teaches.	3
I'm glad you realized it .	I am happy that you realized it.	0
Dont know my heritage for ever .	Do not know my inheritance forever.	0
We dont go telling members to run they have to come to us and ask .	We don’t tell members that they need to run, they have to come to us and ask.	0
Agreed. on the tournament floor there are rules. on the street there is not .	There are rules on the tournament floor, but there are no rules in the street.	0
And to think FIFA are allowing this nation to host the biggest sporting event on the planet .	And it is believed that FIFA is allowing the country to host the largest sporting event on the planet.	0
Well done to all the people in Ireland.Let 's hope this is just the start of people waking up to the dangers of a mulitracial society .	Bless all the people of Ireland, and hope this is only the beginning of awakening to the dangers of multi-ethnic societies.	0
YouTube - Broadcast Yourself .	YouTube – Broadcast your own.	2
Woman pulls pistol on loud mouth girl - YouTube	A woman shoots a gun at a girl with a loud mouth - YouTube	0
You fools could n't keep out a dangerous mental case from the Third World .	The fools were unable to avoid dangerous mental cases from the Third World.	0
The word Jew mean a tribe from Jueda , the word Jew then meant a person living in Jueda , and then it meant a race of people .	The word Jew means the tribe of Judah, the word Judah means the people who live in Judah and then the race of the people.	0
What age is too old to start driving a truck on the long hauls ?	How old do I need to start driving a long-distance truck?	0
Please click on the banner below to join Stormfront today .	Please click at the banner below to join Sturmfront today.	0
A good book to read on this is a Bible Conderence .	A good book to read about this is the Bible.	0
It seems odd that alot of times there 's such a black and white concept for people pertaining to the will of man .	It seems strange that many times people have such a black-and-white concept of human will.	0
Do they say they dont care ?	Did they say they don't care?	0
4	4 is	0
There will be no change as long as White people perpetuate the excuses and profit from being the enablers of such behavior .	There will be no change as long as white people continue to provide excuses and profits for this behavior.	0
Please keep us updated on any results you get from this .	Please keep us up to date about all the results you get from this.	0
I also want to say you have a great website .	I want to say that you also have a great website.	0
You must have some luck having the one Indian that loves blacks as a teacher .	You have to be lucky to have the only Indian who loves the black as a teacher.	0
Could definitely do without the chest compressions .	It can be done without breast compression.	0
The booze thing should n't be a big deal .	Idiots should not be a big problem.	0
Why have n't we thought about that over here ?	Why have we not yet thought about this?	0
- Skinheads Against Racial Prejudice - Skinheadsi protiv rasne diskriminacije - arpovci - Debili .	Skinheads against racial prejudice – Skinheadsi protiv rasne diskriminiminacije – arpovci – Debili.	0
I'd say that here on SF , most of the thread derailers are crypto-antis who do n't give hoot about Thor or Jesus .	I’d say that in SF, most thread drivers are crypto opponents, and they don’t talk to Thor or Jesus.	0
About 1000 of Israely military specialists voluntary ( they say so ) served in Georgian army.To prepare the assault on Tshinvaly .	About 1,000 Israeli military experts (they say so) served in the Georgian army.	0
My mother has dark brown hair and striking green eyes .	My mother had brown hair and stunning green eyes.	0
Below is a video of Mr. Hitchens in action when he was last seen on BBC Question Time : Peter Hitchens : Gay Marriage , Immigration , Drugs and Charity - YouTube	Here is Mr. Hitchens' video in action when he was last seen on the BBC Question time: Peter Hitchenz: gay marriages, immigration, drugs and charity - YouTube	0
Every day they erase more of our past .	Every day, they erase more from our past.	0
Just for the record I have never bought a rap record or voted for any black politician .	But for the record, I never bought a rap record, and I never voted for a black politician.	0
I was sure that they were lying about the numbers and it 's must be the same in every country IMO .	I'm sure they're lying about the numbers, and it must be the same in all countries.	0
Thanks for the posting and all they contains .	Thank you for the post and everything it contains.	0
I would like to find the where the document came from and when it was first published thank you for your reply .	I would like to know where the documents came from and when they were first published, but thank you for your reply.	0
http://www.exterminationist.com/science.htmhttp://www.exterminationist.com/leaflets.htm There is alot of work to be done .	http://www.exterminationist.com/science.htm http:// www.exerminationist.com/leaflets.htm There is a lot of work.	0
Hey everyone I would like to get together with some people from my state that are like me .	Hi, I want to be with some people in my country like me.	0
Does anyone want to meet somewhere within the next few weeks ?	Does anyone want to meet in the coming weeks?	0
How much longer are we going to wait for them to take care of themselves ?	How long will we be waiting for them to take care of themselves?	1
Unfortunately in the United Kingdom we do n't have guns like you Yanks so I was hoping for some alternatives for a SHTF scenario ?	Unfortunately, in the UK we don’t have the same gun as you, so I was expecting some alternatives to the SHTF scenario?	0
No one has mentioned ' Hate Society ' , they are a great band and they dont just scream down the mic .	No one mentioned the “hate society,” they were a great band, and they didn’t just scream at the microphone.	0
I never fell out of a hump back in the day .	I have never fallen from a peak in a day.	0
Has it gone or can I just not find it ?	Has it disappeared, or is it just not found?	0
I take fotos from alphabetical order , only select clear big fotos .	I take pictures in the alphabetical order, I select only big clear photos.	0
I've been posting this story on several forums and sending out quite a few emails .	I posted this article on several forums and sent quite a few emails.	0
I have no idea how to do it. )	I don't know how to do it.)	0
I bet where he lived small animals went missing all the time maybe even people	I bet that the little animals where he lived have always disappeared, even humans.	0
Manic street preachers are also red scum and basically every band playing is left-wing/pro-faggot , and many of them are drug using lowlifes .	Crazy Street Preachers are also red scum, and basically all bands play in left-wing/prophagot, many of whom use lower lifes.	1
You lost the fight already .	You have already lost the fight.	0
This past long weekend Aug 6th , 2007 , my buddy and I trailered his boat to the desert town of Osoyoos , British Columbia .	Last long weekend, August 6, 2007, my friend and I drove his boat to the desert village of Osoyoos in British Columbia.	0
How many feet were lost ?	How many feet have they lost?	0
Yeah , it 's expensive .	Yes, it’s expensive.	0
Sure, send me an IM on Goodreads or here telling me your Goodreads ID so I can invite you to join it .	Of course, send me a message right away on Goodreads or here saying your Goodread ID so I can invite you to join it.	0
ive seen some very beautiful white women and nothing sickens me more than to see them pull up at the mall , grocery store , or gas station and think damn shes beautiful then to see her open the back door and walk in with an oreo baby kinda makes you wish it was still 1940 here in alabama 16	I saw a few very beautiful white women and nothing sick me more than seeing them shoot in the city center, the store, or the gas station and thinking that the wonder is beautiful then seeing her open the back door and walking with an oreo baby kinda makes that you would like to	1
'According to okayafrica.com ' : ' A violent scene unfolded Monday at the University of the Free State in South Africa when black students and workers disrupting a rugby match were attacked by white students .	According to okayafrica.com, “A violent scene unfolded on Monday when black students and workers interrupting a rugby match at the Free State University in South Africa were attacked by white students.	0
88!	The 88th!	0
you should' t say that white are more intelligent than blacks as i am a black neurosurgeon and that takes a high level of intelligence to become so think before you speak .	You should say that white people are smarter than black people, as I am a black neurosurgeon and that it requires a high level of intelligence so that you can think again before you talk.	0
Wonder if food stamps would cover s * * t for them in America and we could not have a food shortage of real food ?	Wondering if food labels would cover them in the United States and we couldn’t have a real food shortage?	0
Its comes when u least expect it ... there 's always someone out there for everyone.that 's my belief .	It comes when you least expect it... there’s always someone there for everyone.	0
Woodlands , 1890 Rain in an Oak Forest , 1891	Woodlands, 1890: Rain in a Oak Forest, 1891	0
I have no problem cleaning my own toilets infact I dont even hate it because after im done I know that there be the cleanest dang place for my buttocks to be sitting on the next time there is a need for a bowel movement .	I had no problem cleaning my own toilet, but I didn’t even hate it because after I finished, I knew my ass would be sitting in the cleanest place the next time I needed a bowel movement.	0
When they get ridiculed because of their injury on the radio by a negro talk-show host who sings little songs about how sharks only eat White people , sure .	When they were mocked by a black talk show host for being injured on the radio, he sang a song about how sharks only ate white people, for sure.	1
What alternative do you have other than kill the black policeman and every black cop you can until they get you .	What do you have, except to kill black policemen and all the black officers you can, until they get you?	1
going to the show over in the third district on saturday im trying to go but probly will need a ride home thanks	I’m trying to go to the show from the third earth on Saturday, but probly needs to go home.	0
I had to ride a bus downtown in the mid 70s , to take the test for my ham radio license .	I had to ride a city bus to test for my ham radio license in the mid-70s.	0
sure it was , yes of course , what was i thinking ?	Of course it was, and of course, what did I think?	0
Muahaha ...	Mahahahaha	0
AND VITAL .	and alive.	0
Blacks woman pulls gun on bus because another woman was talking too loud on the phone ... a black man difuses the situation ...	A black woman holds a gun in a bus because another woman speaks too loudly on the phone.	3
I suppose they 're trying to be funny , but it 's really just an effort to continue demonizing Germans and propagating the Holocau $ t .	I think they’re trying to be funny, but it’s really just an attempt to further demonize the Germans and spread the Holocaust.	1
I'm glad you pointed this out that anti-Bullying campaign has been used to promote homosexuals who are more likely to bully anyone who disagrees with them .	I’m glad that you pointed out this, but anti-aggression campaigns are used to promote homosexuals who are more likely to threaten those who don’t agree with them.	1
I saw two blacks there and a few on their website .	I saw two black people there and some on their website.	0
Seen some girl about 6 years old begging on grafton street once and we were coming out of a shop a few mins later when her father pulls up in a decent car. scum. the lot of them .	I saw a girl about six years old begging once on Grafton Street, and a few minutes later, when her father got up in a decent car, we got out of the store.	1
I'm having a hard time believing this .	I have trouble believing this.	0
Friggen hipicrits .	Cold hypnosis.	0
You can click `` New Posts '' on the red bar before you wanna create a new thread to see if the news was already posted or not .	You can click "New Posts" on the red bar before creating a new theme to see if the news has already been published or not.	0
But in The Bible there is no verses that prohibit inter-racial relationships or mixed race children is there ?	But are there not verses in the Bible that prohibit interracial relations or mixed-race children?	0
Awwwwww At least you didnt have drool drooping out of your mouth like I did when I was one years old .	Awwwwww At least you haven’t made them fall from your mouth as I did when I was a year old.	0
This morning I found a video that was quite interesting , as it demonstrated how this question frequently comes up even after serious crimes .	This morning I found a pretty interesting video, because it shows how this question often occurs even after serious crimes.	0
I do not blame you , Ottawa like all of our cities is a multicultural hell .	I’m not blaming you, Ottawa, like all our cities, is a multicultural hell.	1
I hope they all starve .	I wish they were all starving.	1
oh definitely do push ups and sit ups for the time being .... does n't your school have a weight room you can use ? you should go there ...	Oh, definitely push up and sit up... does your school have a weight room you can use?	0
I knew I had never seen that name on here before and you have so many post then I clicked on your profile and saw it was you Lyn .	I knew that I never saw this name here and you have so many posts, then I clicked on your profile and saw that it was you Lyn.	0
This is awful .. complain to the teachers about lying to students ( then again , you do n't want your kids kicked out ) .	It’s terrible... complaining to the teacher of lying to the student (then again, you don’t want your child to be thrown out).	0
I got sloppy seconds after some Muslims used this girl .	I’ve been boring for a few seconds after some Muslims have used this girl.	1
Black hair is fairly common amongst the Irish , whereas black people are n't .	Black hair is quite common among the Irish, and black hair is not.	0
I have and always will fly my rebel flag in my front yard for all to see.I also have it on my truck .	I will always fly the flags of the rebels in my courtyard, and I will also have them in my trucks, to see everyone.	0
It's from mid day Saturday untill the sunday morning but on the Sunday morning if enough want to stay on for the day we 'll see about putting on some ballads & holding a few extra events through the day .	It’s from midday Saturday to Sunday morning, but if you want to stay enough on Sunday morning you’ll see about putting a few ballads on that day and holding additional events throughout the day.	0
Thank you for your input .	Thanks for your contribution.	0
Guess it could be .	Guess that might be.	0
in england the spanish flag is probably kosher to fly without getting your collar felt , any flag in the world would be ok but the jack and st george	In England, the Spanish flag may be easier to fly without making your neck feel that any flag in the world is good, but Jack and St. George	0
The Prime of Miss Jean Brodie Trailer - YouTube	The First of Mrs. Jean Brodie – YouTube	0
I visited it half a dozen times abt a year ago .	I visited it about 10 times a year ago.	0
I havent even paid for not one single ppv , so its not like Im stopping my support , lol By the way , to the guy that said Demian Maia is white ... yes , hes white , just like Erick Silva .	I didn’t even pay for a single ppv, so it’s not like Im stop my support, lol Then, to the man who said Demian Maia is white... yes, hes white, just like Erick Silva.	0
Even the forum of Local Government Ombudsman Watch are frightened to talk about the video .	Even forums of local government security guards are afraid to talk about the video.	0
In another thread , I was railed by several respectable members of StormFront for my unconditional support of our troops .	In another thread, I was mocked by several respective StormFront members for my unconditional support for our troops.	0
Missouri is very cheap I have lived her like I said most of my life you can get 130 acres , with a 4 bedroom house , barns , ponds and woods for 97,000 in southern Missouri .	Missouri is very cheap I’ve lived it, as I said, most of my lives you can get 130 hectares, with a 4 bedroom house, children, huts and forests for 97,000 in the south of Missouri.	0
Unbeautiful ' modern ' sculpture : The Harp Twins Camille and Kennerly ask : Chicago has the Bean and New York had the ??? Comments : it was the Bull .... on Wall Street New York had the `` I-popped-a-can-of-cinnamon-rolls-and-then-piled them-on-top-of-each-other-and-painted-it-silver '' monument .	Unpleasant ‘modern’ sculptures: Half Twins Camille and Kennerly ask: Chicago has beans and New York is??? Comment: It was a bull....I-popped-a-can-of-cinnamon-rolls-and-then-piled them-on-top-of–each-other-and–paint from Wall Street	0
If they have some marches and what not about showing pride in their culture you guys should go out and do the same If you could try and contact people you know in different cities and see if their willing to do the same .	If they have some parades instead of being proud of their culture, you should go out and do the same thing, and if you can try to connect with people you know in different cities to see if they’re willing to do the very same.	0
I miss my mark if the movie Jack London was n't shown at the The Jack London Literary Prize Banquet .	If Jack London wasn’t featured at the Jack London Literature Awards, I missed my mark.	0
The gas thing is there so strict on Immigration in China	The natural gas issue is so strict on the issue of immigration in China.	0
If I do n't use anything black people invented .	I don’t use anything that the black people invent.	0
Prostitution and drug is getting everywhere , dealers are from Senegal , Guinea , Nigeria , dirty prostitutes are fom Cameroun .	Prostitution and drugs are everywhere, dealers are in Senegal, Guinea, and Nigeria, and dirty prostitutes are in Cameroon.	1
Somehow, it is not hard for me to imagine you fighting off an entire police force , you certainly sound mean enough .	In a way, it’s not hard for me to imagine you’re fighting with all the police officers, you sound like it makes sense.	0
Many of the famous artists , poets , actors , theater/stage actors , home designers , fashion designers , sculptors , ( all of these are artists ) are gay .	Many of the famous artists, poets, actors, theatre/stage actresses, house designers, fashion designers and sculptors (all of these artists) are gay.	0
These things make me sick !	These things are making me sick!	0
But what do you say to the ivy who wants to become a tree ??	But what do you say to an Ivy who wants to be a tree?	0
I newer mentioned Samis haplogroup types .	More recently I mentioned the types of Samis haplogroup.	0
I wonder what Mom and Dad thought of that	I wonder what my mom and dad think about that.	0
I'm a WN from NJ , Ive been looking for others in NJ for awhile , where about in NJ are u ?	I am a WN from NJ, I have been looking for others in NJ for a while, Where in NJ u?	0
Victim Judy Burstein , 55 , had met the singer , Michoel Streicher , 50 , at his performances five years ago in Rockland County , Brooklyn and Lakewood , NJ .	The victim, Judy Burstein, 55, met singer Michoel Streicher, 50, five years ago at performances in Rockland County, Brooklyn and Lakewood, NJ.	0
It does n't matter how you dress up a mud .	It doesn’t matter what kind of clothes you wear.	1
I'll do you a deal .	I will make you an agreement.	0
I always thought genocide was carried out with a bullet to the head when the victims were found , ya know , like every genocide since the advent of the bullet .	I always thought that mass killings were carried out, like all mass murders after the bullets were fired when the victims were found.	0
Look at those pictures .	look at these pictures.	0
No white person should send a single penny or lift a single finger to help them .	No white man should send a penny or a finger to help them.	1
It bothers me in as much it makes me want to vomit , any white woman who lay down with the beast need not try and come back because `` once you go black you 're not wanted back !	It makes me confused, because it makes me desire to vomit, and no white woman who sleeps with the beast can try back, because "as soon as you go black, you don't want to come back!"	1
Anything goes these days to make Whites look like total jack asses .	Anything happened these days to make the white look like a complete Jack ass.	0
I believe this can be higher since I 've read reports that especially whites in the Free State were not counted in the latest census .	I think this may be higher as I read reports that white people in particular in the free state have not been counted in the	0
It is always nice to meet another person with roots in Kansas .	It’s always a pleasure to meet people with roots in Kansas.	0
Yes, you are fine .	Yes you are okay.	0
Dave you live in frigin Brampton ?!	Are you living in Frigin Brampton?	0
This might take the cake of the biggest load of bullsh ! t the Jews have tried to pass by the goyim .	This might be the greatest burden of the cake! the Jews tried to pass through Goim.	1
http://www.occultopedia.com/f/feral_children.htmhttp://www.ling.lancs.ac.uk/chimp/la...E4/4kamala.htmhttp://www.occultopedia.com/w/wildpeter.htm Aragorn	http://www.occultopedia.com/f/feral_children.htm http:// www.ling.lancs.ac.uk/chimp/la...E4/4kamala.htmhttp://www.occultopia.com / w/wildpeter.htm	0
When I get out of boot camp from the Marines Im going to get the Eagle , Globe , and Anchor tattoo on my right Arm big too .	When I leave the Marines training camp, I will get the Eagle, Globe and Anchor tattoo on my right arm as well.	0
There are no dumb questions and there are plenty in this thread who will answer to the best of our abilities .	There are no stupid questions and there are many in this thread that will answer to their best.	0
Glad it made news your way the truth must be told but have you noticed it says it is not a racist attack , Oh but we all know the story shall it of been some poor black bastard bashed to near death in Dublin eh	Happy, the news has to tell the truth in your way, but you realized that it is not a racist attack, but we all have the story of the poor black that is near to death in Dublin.	1
I'd probably point out the inherent contradiction in calling it MULTI-culturalism if the goal is to consolidate all cultures ( into one ) .	I would point out the inherent contradiction of what is called MULTI-culturalism, if the goal is to integrate all cultures.	0
I have to pack everything .	I need to pack it all.	0
Any WN in the the Lancaster-Leominster-Clinton-Worcester-Bolton ( my town ) area ? in the 13-15 year age group ?	What WN in Lancaster-Leominster-Clinton-Worcester-Bolton (My City) region? 13-15 years old age group?	0
It 's nice to see other people here in this section that lean towards the old Pagan beliefs too .	It is pleasant to see that others in this section are also inclined to the ancient pagan beliefs.	0
We 're totally flooded .	We're completely flooded.	3
If you want to know about Ragnar and his time then read Ragnars saga Loðbrókar .	If you want to know more about Ragnar and his time, read the saga of Ragnars Loðbrókar.	0
You are a true friend of my serb people ...	You are a real friend of my Serbian people.	0
Servents/maids , workers of some type ?	Employees or some kind of workers?	0
mine was when i was about 5 or 6 , she was the same age. julie was her name blond and used to hum while eating , i remember the kiss was in the bushes behind a garden. last i heard she became a jehovas witness. ah well .	My was when I was about 5 or 6 years old, she was the same age, and Julie was her name blonde and the child when I ate, and I remember the kiss was in the trees behind the garden.	0
I 'm just out of college though. i guess i 'll join an mma school in the fall .	I’m just out of college, but I think I’ll join an MMA school this fall.	0
Apparently the French paid the Indians a bounty for every scalp they obtained of an enemy combatant .	The French rewarded the Indians for all the heads that they received from the enemy fighters.	0
It has only taken 14 months to arrive to this point .	It only took 14 months to reach this point.	0
French and Spanish are offered , but there is only one french teacher , as opposed to our 4 or more Spanish teachers , so the number of students able to take French is VERY limited .	French and Spanish are available, but only one French teacher, and not our four or more Spanish teachers, so the number of students able to accept French is very limited.	0
I saw your girls on VH1 , too .	I also saw your girl in VH1.	0
Just shows the absurdity of Obamamania : an athletic white woman attacks one libtard to proclaim the holiness of another libtard who may be worse !	Just showing the absurdity of Obamania, a white woman attacks one Liberty and proclaims the holiness of another Liberty that may be even worse.	1
I'm in the pittsburgh area myself .	I am in the area of Pittsburgh myself.	0
And they are more than suitable for singing ( when talking about singing ... )	And they are more than adapted to singing (when we talk about singing...)	0
I was there and I must say it 's great museum .	I am there and I have to say it is a great museum.	0
the video clip at the start looked very good and made a nice change from that band of brothers type crap Got a lot of respect for the Estonian Waffen SS guys .	The video clips seemed very good at first, and made a good change from the group of brothers type Crap, with a lot of respect for the Estonian armed SS boys.	0
Did you register an account on this site just to call these people white supremacists/call them stupid ?	Have you registered an account on this site simply to call these people of white supremacists / call them stupid?	0
I would die for my child .	I'd die for my son.	0
I am from vancouver wa am a singer in a up an coming white power band and i am looking to meet some one who has no boyfriend or man at all and is white	I am from Vancouver and I am a singer in an upcoming white power group and I'm looking to meet someone who doesn't have a boyfriend or a man at all and is white	0
Semmelweis University , Department of Forensic Medicine , Budapest , Hungary , 1091 2 .	Semmelweis University, Department of Legal Medicine, Budapest, Hungary, 1091 2.	0
God save her .	God saved her.	0
Two English majors who went on to be successful are James Corbett and Drew Karpyshyn .	Two great English men who continued to succeed were James Corbett and Drew Karpyshyn.	0
F * * k the bloods and crips , cops are the worst gang going !	F * * k blood and craps, the police are going to the worst gang!	0
Very good school with alot of whites , very few hispanics and very few blacks but many asians .	Very good schools, many whites, few Hispanics and black people, but many Asians.	0
Their is much more to that if your hoping for a successful relationship and marriage .	They are more than that if you want a successful relationship and marriage.	0
I also have ' glass magnet ' type decorations for the patio door .	I also have a "glass magnet" type decoration for the yard door.	0
`` Parkelj '' is the companion to the Christian St. Nicholaus ( Miklavž ) each year : And here we celebrate Jarilo every year under the name `` Zeleni Jurij '' :	'Parkelj' is a companion of Christian St. Nicholas (Miklavž) every year: and here we celebrate Jarilo every year in the name of 'Zeleni Jurij':	0
Japan NUCLEAR REACTOR - RADIOACTIVE STEAM ON VIDEO - 3/11/11 YouTube - UPDATE 1pm CST !	Japanese nuclear reactor - Radioactive Steam ON VIDEO - 11/11 Youtube - UPDATE 1pm CST!	0
Very informative .	Very informative!	0
Axis history forum has a very large sticky on her and the whole video that was shot , she ends up with a surviving group of people and even tries to crack a smile for the camera .	Axis's story forum has a very big touch on her and all the video that was filmed, she ends with a group of people who survive and even tries to scratch a smile for the camera.	0
Like many on here are .	Like a lot of people are here.	0
As long as we have sports and television , most White people do not care .	As long as we have sport and television, most white people don't care.	0
mommy told me never to squelch on someone 's claims. the very fear of exposure makes me want to avoid lying .	My mom told me I would never be silent on someone else’s statements, and the fear of exposure made me want to avoid lying.	0
Whites have the following Too many abortions , too many mixed marriages , too many no kids marriages , and too many liberals .	There are too many abortions, too many mixed marriages, too much child marriage, and too many liberals.	1
Just trying to make people understand that you dont HAVE to shave your head to be a skin .	Just try to make people understand that you don’t have to cut your hair to get skin.	0
Strong, firm parents who bring up their children with Values are a good breeding ground for future leaders .	Strong, determined parents, who raise their children with values, are good places for future leaders.	0
I shall contribute to this organization and support the XXV points .	I will contribute to this organisation and support the XXV points.	0
Its about time we started fighting back against the constant harassment we receive .	It’s time to start fighting again against the constant bullying we’re receiving.	0
I have an awesome tattooist in the burbs of Chicago ...	I have a great tattooist on the Chicago bubble.	0
Norhat ( Norway ) - Metal/Oi !	Norhat (Norway) – Metal / Oh!	0
If you plan to work a particular mall in the Houston area , please PM me , so we can coordinate , and cover more area .	If you are planning to operate a specific center in the Houston region, please PM me so that we can adjust and cover more areas.	0
I think I stumbled on this thread before and thought I 'd get back to it and forgot .	I think I’ve jumped into this thread before and would have come back to it and forgotten about it.	0
Blacks built the Pyramids and the White House .	Black people built the Pyramids and White House.	0
Thorongil You get one twin , I get other .	You have a twin, I have another.	0
I'm in Australia and I want it to be done and over with , my mum is constantly going on about the Olympics like it 's a big deal .	I’m in Australia and I want to finish it, and my mother is constantly talking about the Olympics, as if it’s a big issue.	0
Die Antwoord - `` Cookie Thumper '' ( Official Video ) - YouTube	Die Antwoord - ``Cookie Thumper`` (Official Video) - YouTube	0
That way your always one step ahead of the game !!	In this way, you are always one step ahead in the game!!	0
I think it good strategy that we start these in small areas then grow outwards. perhaps 2 close communities can merge if they get big enough .	I think it’s a good strategy to start in a small area and then grow out. 2 Nearby communities can be merged if large enough.	0
May they all get mad cow disease .	Hopefully everyone can get a crazy cat disease.	1
BNP just fills the gaps ....	BNP is just filling out the gap.	0
If you ever ride the L in Chicago pay no attention to the color codes .	If you’ve ever been riding L in Chicago, don’t pay attention to the color code.	3
First off they probably wont do anything , second off dont start anything .	First, they may not do anything, and second, they will not start anything.	0
I went outside and the niglet 's mom told me my daughter had hit her first .	I went out and Niglet's mother told me that my daughter hit her for the first time.	1
There could be if could put together something we have had interest from people in Manitoba before .	It could be, if we could gather some of the things we were interested in from people from Manitoba before.	0
I do n't think so .	I do not think that.	0
I'm not sure .	I am not sure.	0
Black guy stabs student , and then slices her throat in front of 30 plus students and faculty , garners barely a mention in the MSM .	A black man stabbed a student and then cut her throat in front of more than 30 students and teachers, which was hardly mentioned in the MSM.	0
He of all people should have known to what extent the Federal Government will go to have people like him thrown in prison .	He should know the extent to which the federal government would put people like him in jail.	0
Greece and Serbia Against All / ????? ? ?????? ?????? ???? ( HD 1080p ) - YouTube Thank you brother Greeks !!!	Greece and Serbia against everything /????????? ( HD 1080p ) - YouTube Thanks Brother Greeks!!!	0
Can any Swedish comrades tell me about them ?	Can a Swedish friend tell me?	0
Other shooting at protester Shooting to people in Kiev / ???????? ?? ???????????? ? ?????	Other people shoot at the protest and shoot the people of Kiev???????????????	0
No need to invite the foreign hordes onto your own soil ! : bang shead : My head hurts now .	You don’t have to invite a foreign crowd to your own land! : Bansheed: My head is now painful.	3
These guys are killing our culture while pretending to want to save it .	They are killing our culture and pretending to save it.	1
They talk like gangsters - `` yo yo yo '' .	They speak like gangsters – “yo yo yo”.	0
California tried to pass a law requiring bio-metric fingerprint ID technology on guns last year ; SB 283 ..	California tried to pass legislation last year requiring biometric fingerprint identification technology on guns.	0
Well yes that s the thing there is a difference between being publically a White Nationalist and being a nut or some ' stereotypical skinhead ' .	Well yes, that’s the thing, there’s a difference between being publicly a white nationalist and a nutt or a few “stereotypic skinhead.”	0
Ruger Old Army and Moore and Harris double .	Ruger Old Army with Moore and Harris.	0
But the main thing is that there is nothing to be proud of .	But the most important thing is there is nothing to be proud of.	0
quote: -------------------------------------------------------------------------------- Originally posted by Draco Nah G , Iz bee outta dat wigga sheot like a million mutha * * * * in years ago , nameen ?	Iz bee outta dat wigga sheot like a million mutha * * * ** in years ago, namen?	0
Plus there are all the kids in the neighborhood they play with .	There are also all the children in the neighborhood with whom they play.	0
Public school teachers ( ~ 70 percent white even in CA ) actually buy into this .	Public school teachers (even in CA, about 70% are white) actually bought this.	0
Hails	by Haile	0
I understand this but unfortunatly I have no one else to turn to .	I understand this, but unfortunately I don’t have anyone to speak to.	0
We have plenty of articles , photos , music & we 're going to start uploading videos soon .	We have a lot of articles, photos, music and we will soon begin to upload videos.	0
That 's Great !	This is great!	3
Another cleaning tip ( from Vietnam , go figure ) that works well .	Another cleaning tips (from Vietnam, go to numbers) works well.	0
When the homos tried to have a fag pride parade in Serbia a few years ago they were beaten up .	When gay people tried to hold a Fag pride demonstration in Serbia a few years ago, they were hit.	0
32-year-old Jason `` Jay '' Tate was found with Kelsey Sue Stahl 's car .	32-year-old Jason 'Jay 'Tate was found in Kelsey Sue Stahl's car.	0
I do n't have a problem with English working or living in Ireland , maybe it was your personality that was the problem .	I have no problem working in English or living in Ireland, but probably your personality was the problem.	0
Law Center to Prevent Gun Violence ?	Legal Center for the Prevention of Gun Violence	0
Aragorn	by Aragoron	0
How many are there ?	And how many there are?	0
Deuteronomy 28 : 43 God speaking to His children : `` The stranger that is within thee shall get up above thee very high ; and thou shalt come down very low '' .	Deuteronomy 28:43 And God said to the children, "The stranger in you will rise very high above you, and you will fall very low.	0
14/88	13 / 88	0
Arthur Kemp over exaggerates their role in almost every civilization .	Arthur Kemp over-exaggerates their role in virtually every civilization.	0
I would n't take my kids there without some serious hardcore buddies .	I’t take my kids there without a few serious friends.	0
Every action he 's taken reveals that he is completely unacceptable. as a citizen , in White societies All the blacks and browns can do is wreck and destroy - and that is all they have done , and do .	Every action he has taken has made clear that he is completely unacceptable.As a citizen, in a white society, all black and brown people can do is destroy.	1
What he means is to not directly support as far as possible , as opposed to indirectly support the system itself ( via taxes etc ) .	What it means is not to support directly as much as possible, rather than indirectly supporting the system itself (through taxes, etc.).	0
If anyone else has any online activism they 've been doing with this story let us know about it here .	If someone else has an online activism they’ve done with this story, let us know here.	0
See.....	Look at...	0
http://aangirfan.blogspot.com/2009/1...ual-abuse.html	http://aangirfan.wordpress.com 2009/1...whi-abuse.html	0
The child abuse of white children happens every day in American schools .	The abuse of white children is happening every day in American schools.	0
We are badly outnumbered .	We are not very ranked.	0
Wntube is now .net , not .com.	Wntub is now.net, not.com.	0
It has a lot of useful videos free to download on it .	There are a lot of useful videos that you can download for free.	0
Thanks for posting , made my day	Thank you for post, made my day.	0
BTW - I do n't recall seeing a Mars Bar in S.A ?	BTW - I don't remember seeing the Mars bar in S.A?	0
I've met a few people who I talk to outside of SF , and I consider them to be pretty good friends .	I have met some people with whom I talk outside of SF, and I consider them very good friends.	0
YouTube - SAS Survival Secrets Ep1 Pt 1/6 YouTube - SAS Survival Secrets Ep1 Pt 2/6 YouTube - SAS Survival Secrets Ep1 Pt 3/6 YouTube - SAS Survival Secrets Ep1 Pt 4/6 YouTube - SAS Survival Secrets Ep1 Pt 5/6 YouTube - SAS Survival Secrets Ep1 Pt 6/6	Youtube - SAS Survival Secrets Ep1 Pt 1/6 YouTube - SAS survival secrets EP2 Pt 2/6 YouTube -SAS Survival sekrets Ep3 Pt 3/6 Youtube	0
Another EuroRus update , more video and photos ! [ gvideo ] http://video.google.com/videoplay ? docid = 5268894597794277031 [ /gvideo ] A Fascinating Conversation Between Dr. Alfred Vierling & Dr. Duke !	Another update of EuroRus, more videos and photos! [ gvideo ] http://video.google.com/videoplay? docid = 5268894597794277031 [ / gvideo] A exciting conversation between Dr. Alfred Vierling and Dr. Duke!	0
Coming right up .	Go straight up.	0
White people - report immediately to Californian University for `` re-education '' .	White men - immediately seek "re-education" at the University of California.	0
If you want to buy the homes and businesses around you pm Ill show you how to purchase these propertys when they become available , even with bad or no credit or money .	If you want to buy houses and business around them, tell you how to buy those properties when they become available, even if they are bad or without credit or money.	0
None dare call it White genocide Forward this around to friends and family , spread the word : None dare call it White genocide	No one has the courage to call it a white massacre, no one has a courage of telling it to friends and family, and spreading that word.	0
It will be like letting everyone they persucuted for speaking the truth spit into their faces and say , `` I told you so . ''	It’s like spitting on their faces all the people they’ve convinced because they’re telling the truth and saying, “I told you this.”	0
Worse than Benefits St.	This is worse than the benefits of the holy.	0
I 've seen several banned people get a new account and nothing bad came out of it , plus it 's not like the last account is active anymore .	I’ve seen a few people being banned from getting a new account, nothing bad coming out, and it’s not like the last account has been active.	0
this thread seems pretty dead lately. i think it would be cool to hear about anyone who has made any good friends from one of the cookouts .	This trail seems pretty dead lately.I think it would be nice to hear about someone who has gotten a good friend from one of the chefs.	0
This is from Stormfront 's Advanced Scout forum which is solely devoted to promoting PLE - and its local militant front Legionism .	It is the Advanced Scout Forum of Stormfront that is dedicated solely to promoting the PLE – and its local legionist militant front.	0
No pictures yet .	No photos yet.	0
You should have posted in Rants to see a mix of WN/Anti responses	You should post it on Rants to see the mixture of WN/Anti answers.	0
Hey..	Well well...	0
Judge says `` he 's overly found of children '' and lets him off with slap on wrist .	The judge says, “He’s found too many children,” and leaves him out with a knife on his arm.	0
1900 's i mean	The 19th century I say.	0
FBI : Chicago officially America 's murder capital | Fox News	FBI: Chicago officially the capital of U.S. assassinations and Fox News	0
dont you get cold when you step out from the water ??? i always figured i 'd freeze my butt off if i did !!!	Do you get cold when you get out of the water?I always thought I would freeze my ass if I did!!!	0
Frederick neichzche embraced the notion that for a race to evolve there had to be a struggle to kill of the weaker elements to keep them from contaminating the gene pool. in the US one could say that there is a breeding program to breed dumb ghetto blacks .	Frederick Neichzche accepted the view that for a race evolution, a struggle must take place to kill the weaker elements in order to prevent them from contaminating the genetic pool.	1
I plan to add a few more books today as well	I am planning to add some more books today too.	0
I 'd love to speak with you .	I'd love to talk to you.	0
I went to max for my crimes being of a violent and racial nature , i went to super max for violence within that maximum unit. there are people in Super maxs who only have a few years to do , it just all depends .	I went to Max for my crimes of a violent and racial nature, and I came to Super Max for violence within its maximum units.	0
Well we have lots of shirts that you can order and a different design will be done probably early this next week and we will be putting them up on kijiji as soon as we pick them up .	We have a lot of shirts you can order, and different designs will probably be done at the beginning of the next week, and we will put them in kijiji as soon as we lift them.	0
haha; im a 19 y.o white male from newcastle area - but im moving back to sydney very soon ( west sydney im afraid lol )	haha; im a 19 y.o white man from Newcastle area - but im soon returns to Sydney ( South Sydney im afraid lol )	0
I'm back and I hope that Teárlach is too or at least that JJT brave enugh to tell me who did it .	I hope to come back and that Teárlach too, or at least JJT, has the courage to tell who did it.	0
Hearing the Wagner at the end of that video made me want to charge of into the night with a sword .	When I heard the Wagner at the end of this video, I wanted to charge myself into the night with a sword.	0
If they were jew pieces of garbage who the hell cares what happened to them .	If they were a piece of Jewish rubbish, who would care what happened to them?	1
I've heard the name before but I too have no idea who she is .. one of the benefits of turning off the Talmudivision and watching very few modern movies	I’ve heard of this name before, but I don’t even know who she is... one of the benefits of leaving the Talmudists and watching a few modern films.	1
They do this with criminals who ought to be in jail , they put tracking bracelets on them and the smart ones cut them off before they rape and rob , the dumb ones do n't care and just leave them on .	They do this with criminals who should be in jail, put a tracking bracelet on them, clever people cut it off before rape and robbery, and fools just leave it away without worrying.	0
Thanks	thanks to	0
You can stop this by getting a dead pig and bury it underground where the mosque will be built .	You can stop this by getting a dead pig and burying it under the ground where the mosque is being built.	1
In Limerick I see them in town wearing blue jackets and trying to get people to give them money `` for a good cause '' .	In Limerick, I saw them in the city wearing a blue jacket, trying to make people give them money "for a good reason."	0
Irish, There is nothing wrong with being polite .	Irish people, politeness is nothing wrong.	0
There 's one billboard that has the candidate , two black supporters , and Congressman Steve Cohen .	There is a billboard with candidates, two black supporters, and Senator Steve Cohen.	0
I think it has something to do with the type of sugar or where the sugar was originally grown .	I think it is related to the type of sugar or where the sugar originally grows.	0
The lengths the fed. gov. will go to in order to put a notch on the preverbial ( sp ? ) belt ....	The length of feeding. gov. will go to put a note on the storage (sp? ) belt....	0
LONG LIVE HOLY MOTHER RUSSIA !!	Goodbye to the Russian Mother!	0
I believe that team owners want to make money first and foremost and would n't sacrifice team performance and/or millions of dollars just to put more blacks on their teams .	I believe that team owners would first want to make money and not sacrifice team performance and/or millions of dollars to simply put more black on their teams.	0
The youth is not a internet thing .	Young people are not an internet thing.	0
I dont think anyone is going to decide , its going to be where whites feel the most at home among their own .	I don’t think anyone will decide that it will be where white people feel at home the most.	0
My son is 3 years old and I have started homeschooling for him.Few weeks back i was wondering whether i should let him go to a Public school or do home schooling but decided to go for home schooling and now he is enjoying .	My son was 3 years old and I started home school for him.A few weeks ago I was wondering whether he should go to a public school or have a home education, but he is now deciding to go to home education.	0
Is yours a university in Dixie ?	Do you have an university in Dixie?	0
Take a look at this blog , for example .	Take a look at that blog, for example.	0
I would meet ya. ^ _ ^ Lots of " `` work '' `` here lol .	There’s a lot of “work” here.	3
I could n't wait to get to the end of your post so I could say what a great post it was !	I couldn’t wait to get to the end of your post, so I was able to tell you what great post it was!	0
I mean whites are offsprings of Homo sapien & Neanderthal hybrids .	I mean white people are the descendants of the Homo sapiens and Neanderthals hybrids.	0
Chicago Teachers Union president explains how to inject politics into math - YouTube Chicago Teachers Union president Karen Lewis explains how to politicize school math for organizing - EAGnews.org powered by Education Action Group Foundation , Inc.	Chicago Teachers' Union President Explains How to Inject Politics into Mathematics - YouTube Karen Lewis, President of the Chicago Teacher's Union, Explain How to Politize School Math for Organization - EAG	0
Last weekend I was trying to lay some flowers on my grandad 's grave when suddenly , a blood geyser .	Last weekend, I tried to put some flowers on my grandfather's tomb when suddenly, a house of blood	0
It's very easy for people to sit behind their computers in the comfort of their homes and judge an elderly gentleman who has dedicated his life to exposing the Holocaust myth when it 's not your office being burned to the ground , when it 's not you being bankrupted or thrown in prison .	It is very easy for people to judge an elderly believer who sat behind a computer in the comfort of their home and devoted his life to exposing the Holocaust myth, if your office isn’t burned to the ground, if you aren’t bankrupt or thrown into jail.	0
They are a good example of people who are brainwashed .	They're a good example of people who're brainwashed.	0
All of the arrestants are my personal friends , that means a lot to us	All the detainees are my personal friends, which means a lot for us.	0
So if a fellow white man rapes my daughter or kills my brother I should let it go because he is white ?	So if a white man raped my daughter or killed my brother, should I let him go because he is white?	0
They will never get anywhere , they 're just as bad if not worse than the BNP in respect to how stigmatized their name is .	They’ll never go anywhere, they’re just as bad if it’s not worse than BNP when it comes to stigmatizing their name.	0
Has anyone else noticed how blacks mainly wait until their opponent gets tired while preserving their energy , and then attack while their opponent is weak ?	Has anyone noticed that black people mainly wait for their opponents to get tired while retaining their energy and then attack their adversaries weak?	3
POV - The Fire Next Time | PBS	POV: The Fire Next Time by PBS	0
Well for all of my friends down there , we all got thrown out of the big local bar in this little town and it 's all my fault hahahahahaha I do n't think we 'll be welcome back for a LONG time .	For all my friends, we’re all thrown out of this small town’s big local bar and it’s my fault hahahahaha I don’t think we’ll be welcome back for a long time.	0
If you really want to change that bad grammar habit , simply practice at home ( or in your work cubicle ) - say out loud `` would have '' , `` should have '' , `` could have '' 100 times a day for each phrase ( yes for a total of 300 times per day ) until it is part of your normal everyday speech .	If you really want to change this bad grammatical habit, then practice it at home (or at work) – say “should” and “must” loudly, 100 times a day, every word (total 300 times per day) until it becomes part of your normal daily speech.	0
I'm 26 and living in Wisconsin ..... just looking for someone to chat with about similar beliefs and life in general ....... location is unimportant	I am 26 years old and I live in Wisconsin... I just look for someone to talk about similar beliefs and life in general... the location is not important.	0
The hippies moved in from all across the nation to the Haight Ashbury and the family types there said : `` This is a strange community '' The hippies who knew laughed and a group called Buffalo Springfield made a song about it " `` What is happening here , what it is ai n't exactly clear . ''	Hippies moved to Heath Ashbury from all over the country, and the families there said, “This is a strange community.” “The Hippies who know it laughed and a group called Buffalo Springfield made a song about it.”	0
It is important for people to realize that gays want gay marriage ..... not because they desire some sort of government paperwork , but because they are seeking the right to adopt defenseless children .	It’s important to realize that homosexuals want same-sex marriage...not because they want some government document, but because they are seeking the right to adopt helpless children.	1
They eat 3 X the food at each meal than your average American .	They eat three times more food per meal than your average American.	0
I never attacked you and i am not your son plus i dont care what you done.P M if you have a problem	I’ve never attacked you, I’m not your son, and I don’t care what you do.	0
No wonder we are in such bad shape with this tribe in charge of the White House and Congress .	It is not surprising that we are in such a bad shape with this tribe charged with the White House and Congress.	1
Disgusting and perverted !	Disappointed and confused.	0
If you can stand asians then you would find the school to be a breath of fresh air .	If you can stand up as an Asian, then you will find that school is the breath of fresh air.	1
I think the final bills should be online at least a month before they are scheduled for a vote .	I think the final proposals should be online for at least a month before they are planned for a vote.	0
What I find to be a joke is that someone would take it seriously and post absolute nonsense and crap about this site , without checking it out first .	What I think is a joke is that someone takes it seriously and publishes absolute foolishness about this site, without first checking it.	0
On another hand , being born was also a pretty stupid thing that you did , I hope you will try to correct that as well .	On the other hand, birth is also a very stupid thing you do, and I hope you try to fix that too.	0
Racist incidents in Ireland up by 85 percent says Immigrant Council | Irish News | IrishCentral Racist incidents in Ireland up by 85 percent says Immigrant Council Read more : Racist incidents in Ireland up by 85 percent says Immigrant Council | Irish News | IrishCentral Follow us : @IrishCentral on Twitter | IrishCentral on Facebook	Racist incidents in Ireland rise by 85% says Council of Immigrants, Council of Irish, Irish News, IrishCentral Racial Incidents in Irish Rise of 85%, Council of migrants, Read more: Racial incidents of Ireland, 85% said Council of Imigrants and Irish News Ireland	0
i hate them .. ever since i once got beaten up by 6 of them .. real hero 's since then i because nazi	I hate them... since I was beaten by 6 of them... real heroes since I have been because of Nazis	1
Folk , Faith , Family Hail Victory !!	The people, the faith, the family greet the victory!!	0
I never started so i dont have to contend with the addiction .... been drug/alcohol/sex free my whole life .	I’ve never started, so I don’t have to face addiction... being drugs/alcohol/free sex all my life.	0
sent ya a pm .	I am sending a PM.	0
I include myself in those who need to grow a set of balls .	I am one of those who need to grow a lot of balls.	0
Please , Ireland , do n't replicate the demographics of London in th Emerald Isle .	Please, Ireland, don’t replicate London’s demography on the Emerald Island.	0
Thank you .	thank you	0
HPD immediately responded with a few officers , but were confused as to what they should do about this .	HPD immediately responded with several officials, but they were confused about what they should do about it.	0
False, Scotland is almost as bad as England and Scottish females have an obsession with negro males , well the ones i know do anyway .	False, Scotland is almost as bad as British and Scottish women are obsessed with black men.	0
I would think that European nationalist organizations would be easier to create than American nationalist organizations .	I think European nationalist organizations are easier to form than American nationalist groups.	0
I saw a poll from Missippi that said that 40 % did n't think Lott should step down for his segregationist remark .	I’ve seen a Mississippi poll showing that 40 percent of people think Lott shouldn’t resign because of his separatist comments.	0
A mans game where every now and again all the players get together for a nice cuddle ?	A man-game in which all the players are gathered together for a beautiful cuddle?	0
http://www.irishdemocrat.co.uk/anonn...ous-mysticism/http://www.midnet.ie/connolly/irishd...ndecjan98.htmlsinnfein/i.r.a.visitAuschwitz:http://www.utvinternet.com/newsroom/ ... ? id = 52367 & pt = n	HTTP://www.irishdemocrat.co.uk/anonn...ous-mysticism/http:// www.midnet.ie/connolly/irishd...ndecjan98.htmlsinnfein/i.r.a.visitAuschwitz:www.utvinternet.com/newsroom/...? id = 52367 and pt = n	0
Lynn336	by Lynn333	0
Jackie Evancho - Lovers - House of Flying Daggers - HD - YouTube	Jackie Evancho – Lovers – House of Flying Daggers – HD – YouTube	0
We occasionally get people like jimmy coming here to SF to `` study '' us .	We occasionally see people like Jimmy come to the SF to “study” us.	0
We're speaking out against our race being destroyed and this guy is making up hypothetical scenarios about snack time and windowless rooms .	We are talking against the destruction of our race and this man is making hypothetical scenarios about the time of food and the rooms without windows.	0
I guess the Canada before 1965 ?	Can we consider Canada before 1965?	0
That news is something totally incomprihensible .	This news is completely incomprehensible.	0
It is a fact that ninety-nine percent of those who talk of serious illegal activity are crazies or government agents .	It is a fact that 90% of those who talk about serious illegal activities are crazy or government agents.	0
Sit back and enjoy your day it just might be your last .	Sitting down and enjoying your day, it may just be your last day.	0
It's a pity that for many people here things are that simple when it 's about Poland .	When it comes to Poland, it is a pity that for many people here the situation is so simple.	0
Playing lightly on or over a surface ; flickering ; as , `` a lambent flame ; lambent shadows . '' 2 .	Playing slightly on or above a surface; folding; like, “a glowing flame; shadowy shadows.”	0
Do you think the writer of Planet of the apes was trying to tell us something ? btw its a serious question .	Do you think the author of the monkey planet was trying to tell us something? btw It's a serious question	0
Yeah I knew about the cheap houses in Springfield area but not that dang cheap as 9K thats why I asked .	Yes, I knew cheap houses in the Springfield region but not that it was cheaper than 9K, that's why I asked myself	0
Even if it 's all black or all Pakistani , that 's somehow `` diverse '' .	Even if everything is black or all Pakistani, it is "diversified".	0
I never really thought about it before but I guess bicycling is primarily a white activity , kind of like sunbathing , going swimming , playing golf , tennis , attending a social function without a brawl taking place , not smelling like a wild animal in the locker room after a hard workout , and speaking proper English .	I never thought before, but I think cycling is mostly a white activity, similar to sunbathing, swimming, playing golf, playing tennis, participating in social events without quarrels happening, not smelling wild animals in the closet after exercise, and speaking proper English.	1
That's very true because they would lose a one on one fight almost every time .	That’s very true, because they’ll lose a one-on-one battle almost every time.	0
Emporion ballista in Museu d & #39 ; Arqueologia de Catalunya , Barcelona , Spain - YouTube Remains of the ballista found from archaeological excavations in Greek town of Ἐμπόριον ( Emporion ) near present day town of L' Escala in Catalonia , Spain .	Emporion ballista in Museu d & #39 ; Arqueologia de Catalunya, Barcelona, Spain - YouTube of ballista found in archaeological excavations found in the Greek village of Ἐμπόριον ( Emporione ) near the present city of L'Escala, Spain	0
When I was about her age I had a a close Swedish female friend whose Swedish family and friends I also met , all of them looked far better than this contestant .	When I was about her age, I had a Swedish girlfriend, and I met with a Sweden family and friends who all looked much better than this competitor.	0
This captivating natural color view of the planet Saturn was created from images collected shortly after Cassini began its extended Equinox Mission in July 2008 .	This fascinating natural-colored view of Saturn was created from images collected shortly after Cassini launched an extended equatorial mission in July 2008.	0
I hate to see such beautiful white females become victims of these sick , violent merciless animals .	I hate seeing such beautiful white women become victims of these sick and violent animals.	1
Assuming it 's not a public phone number I 'd put adverts in phone boxes saying he takes it up the bum for a tenner .	Assuming it’s not a public telephone number, I’d put ads in the phone boxes saying he’s crazy.	0
When they refuse to convert to Islam they will learn at the end .	If they refuse to convert to Islam, they will eventually learn.	0
At least 700,000 of retail jobs will be lost .	At least 700,000 retail jobs would be lost.	0
I'm glad my thread is so amusing .	I am glad that my topic is so fun.	0
I think our middle finger is about worn out .	My middle finger is about to be worn out.	0
This is an absolute disgrace , they think they are entitled to everything on a plate and that is out of order .	This is a absolute shame, they think they have the right to everything on the table, and it has no order.	0
Something mysterious must be happening there	There must be something mysterious going on there.	0
I guess whites will either have to start fighting back or be slowly exterminated .	I guess the white people either begin to fight, or they are slowly destroyed.	0
https : //www.stormfront.org/forum/show ... li-525314.html According the Sweden research. the report clearly show it in figures .	https: //www.stormfront.org/forum/show... lt-5253144.html According to Swedish research, the report clearly shows this in numbers.	0
They 're probably as high-maintenance as one of those crappy old East German Trabants , though .	They are probably as high conservation as one of these mad old Eastern German Trabants though.	1
What happens when Popeye 's runs out of chicken YouTube - Popeyes Freakout ( Ghetto Vers .	What happens when Popeye’s runs out of chicken YouTube – Popeyes Freakout.	0
What about all the tens of millions of negroes that are nothing more than criminals and parasites that do nothing but breed more criminals and parasites ?	What about all the tens of millions of black people who do nothing but criminals and parasites?	1
Normal?	Ordinary thing?	0
-Strict education at home .	Strict education in the home.	0
Ok , it 's a fair cop , I 'll sign the ' fession , I ate all the fried eggs and I know I said I was English but I misled you because my mums dad was Irish , sorry about that .	OK, it’s fair police, I’ll sign on ‘Fession’, I’ve eaten all the fried eggs, and I know I thought you were wrong because I said I was English, but my mom and dad were Irish.	0
Dance music .	Dance music	0
I hope every one had a Happy Halloween .	I hope everyone had a good Halloween.	0
$ 25,000 !	$25 million!	0
Red hot and smoking .	Red and hot smoking.	0
Listen, I admire you for wanting to make the negroes feel better about themselves , but the evidence FOR race is overwhelming .	Listen, I admire that you want black people to feel better, but the evidence for race is overwhelming.	0
If you want to hear what a black `` intellectual '' ( lol ) sounds like , check out the woman in this video trying to debate Dr. William Shockley .	If you want to hear how black 'intellectual' ( lol ) sounds, see the woman who is trying to discuss Dr. William Shockley in this video.	1
The only reason Whites were successful was because we took those things from other cultures and races ?	The only reason why white people were successful was that we took these things from other cultures and races.	0
I also , unfortuantely , spent 7-8th grade in a 95 % monkey house .	Also, unfortunately, I spent the 7th and 8th grade in a 95% monkey house.	1
The regime wants Germans to hate themselves , too bad that they are not already brown Muslims !	The regime wants the Germans to hate themselves, too bad for them to no longer be brown Muslims!	1
Faggots are always pushing their homosexual agenda .	Faggots are constantly pushing their gay agenda.	1
I have never seen an Asian woman dating an Asian man.They like the white man they re-force wiggers and our detrimental towards our cause.Cpamikei	I’ve never seen Asian women dating Asian men.They’re like white men, they’re forcing our years to our problems again.Cpamikei	1
If there is anything I can do to help , let me know .	If there is something I can help, please tell me.	0
i want to vote yes and at the same time i do n't.the way i look at it is either way we loose .	I want to vote yes and at the same time I do not.The way I look at it is one or the other of the means we lose.	0
Yours , Rebel	Their rebellion.	0
More black-on-white crime : YouTube - Black Students Attack White Man For Eating Dinner With Black Man YouTube - Black Attack On White Hopkins Researcher Planned	More Crimes in White and Black : YouTube - Black Students Attack a White Man to Eat a Dinner with a Black Man YouTube - A Black Attacks on a White Hopkins Investigator Planned	0
Just curious .	Only curious.	0
Anyone know ?	Anybody know?	0
Since my family was fundimental in founding and forming TEXAS I have been actively been trying to find work and a place to live ...	Since my family has been fundamental in the founding and training of TEXAS I’ve actively tried to find a job and a place to live...	0
I ve been to cleveland several times for concerts and such but can only stand it for a few hours than i have to go .	I’ve been to concerts several times and so on, but I can only endure it for a few hours when I have to go.	0
In Sweden most people receives SVT 1 , SVT 2 , TV 3 , TV 4 , Kanal 5 and ZTV SVT 1 and SVT 2 are state owned and mostly show socialistic propaganda .	In Sweden, SVT 1, SVT 2, TV 3, TV 4, Channel 5 and ZTV SVT 1 and SVT 2 are state-owned and mostly show socialist propaganda.	0
And a damn fine job of it for sure !! ...	This is a great job, sure!!!	0
Last night all the Suckers we passed out to the wonderful little white children had a small banner attached to the stick saying `` White pride '' .	Last night, all the soccer we gave to the wonderful little white kids was with a small banner on the stick written “White Pride.”	0
I 'm half german , my grandad served in the SS , so I wanted to see what he and his brothers did .	I'm half German, my grandfather served in the SS, so I wanted to see what he and his brothers did.	0
Indeed.	indeed is.	0
``MeineEhre heisst Treue Treue und Ehre bis Zum Tod Niemals aufgeben , niemals Reue Das haben wir uns einst geschworn '' Class song .	"Meine Ehre" is the class song "True Treue und Ehre bis zum Tod Niemals aufgeben, niemals Regue Das haben wir uns einst geschworn".	2
I concur with you totally , it 's a sick county I live in .	I totally agree with you, it is a sick town in which I live.	0
I went to Miss state and only saw 2 jews and they were students .	I went to Miss State and there were only two Jews, and they were a student.	0
If half White non negro and Jew are Pro White and do n't reproduce then they are ok .	If half of the non-Black and Jewish white are pro-white and do not reproduce, then they’re ok.	1
I have a dream - one of these days Black occupation of America will be history !	I have a dream – one of these days, the black occupation of America will become history!	1
I can only pray this babboon mongoloid did n't have any children so his seed will not continue on on this Earth .	I can only pray to this mongoloid babboon that he had no children so that his seed would not continue on this Earth.	1
hello i dont speak german but i am a very proud white boy , and id love to chat , drop me a line	Hi, I don't speak German, but I'm a very proud white boy, I love chat, put me down a line	0
The media want 's to promote a pro Multi ~ Culti Ireland and not all the disaster that it has caused in Ireland	The media wants to promote Pro Multi ~ Culti Ireland, not all the disasters that have happened in Ireland	0
I need to get this done too , but my luck I 'll find out my great-grandfather was an IDF General .	I have to do this too, but my luck I’m going to discover that my grandfather was a general of the IDF.	0
I 've seen shots with a .45 , where people walked around angry .	I saw a shot at 0.45 where people were walking angry.	0
The only species that constantly grabs his crotch in front of others and waves their arms around furiously are : 1. monkeys 2. blacks 3. both of the above Need I say more ?	The only species that constantly grabs their tail in front of others and wraps their arms angrily are: 1. monkey 2. black 3.	1
My daughter is doing High School on line , she may go back to school regularly for her senior year , but this is in Colorado and I think it covers all classes .	My daughter is in high school online, but she can go back to high school on a regular basis, but I think this is in Colorado and it covers all the classes.	0
Kurds in Berlin : Germany : Watch thousands of Kurdish protesters rally in Berlin - YouTube and Hamburg : Germany : See Hamburg SWAMPED in anti-IS global action day - YouTube Munich : Zwei Zwillings-Paare kommen munter und gesund zur Welt - MÃ 1\/4 nchen - Bild.de	The Kurds in Berlin: Germany: See the thousands of Kurdish protesters gathering in Berlin - YouTube and Hamburg: German: See Hamburg SWAMPED in the World Anti-IS Day - YouTube Munich: Zwei Zwillings-Paare kommen munter und gesund zur Welt - MÃ 1\/4 n	0
I like it so far .	I like this so far.	0
WEKU	Weekend	0
I sat there for 5 minutes and then took the dog for a walk .	I sat there for five minutes and then took the dog on a walk.	0
This part of the film is right when US personnel came on the scene and stopped the attacks as best they could .	This part of the film is just when the American staff came to the scene and stopped the attacks in the best way they could.	0
i agree the defence is legitimate , 100 % . but the taking up of arms against and killing of other whites is the very last thing we need to succeed in our cause .	I agree that defense is legitimate, 100% but weapons against and the murder of other white people is the last thing we have to succeed in our case.	0
Thanks for the idea 's ...	Thank you for the idea...	0
http://uk.youtube.com/watch?v=CnPS2ho-_6w Looks like they are calling a unit home with the express purpose of supressing a rebellion .	http://uk.youtube.com/watch?v=CnPS2ho-_6w They seem to be calling the unit home for the clear purpose of suppressing the rebellion.	0
No break in period needed .	There is no interruption in the necessary period.	0
With public schools being so integrated and focusing on non white students I really would suggest to any parent to get themselves educated so they can teach their children at home .	Since public schools are so integrated and focus on non-white students, I would really suggest every parent to educate themselves so that they can educate their children.	0
Ian 's arguments wins hands down , you lose sucker .	Ian’s argument drops his hand, and you lose.	0
Like I said earlier the English have been subjected to a far worse campaign of indoctrination than the rest of us .	As I said before, the British are the target of a much worse indoctrination campaign than us.	0
I also pulled my son out of public school last year .	I dropped my son from public school last year.	0
It's to bad that there is n't anything like this anymore , Id sure join if there was .	It is bad that such things do not exist anymore, and if they exist, please participate.	0
It 's been all white power music .	This is all white power music.	0
Border fence , what border fence ?	What is the border wall?	0
Will see if she actually reads it and if she likes it .	See if she really read it, if she liked it.	0
I heard that the phenomena of scalping came about during this war .	I heard that scalping phenomena occurred during this war.	0
In school they teach that if it makes black people look bad , then it did n't happen .	In school, they teach that if it makes the black look bad, it didn’t happen.	0
Janice	by Jani	0
Hi there best way to lose the pounds I use to be 395lbs I tried very diet program on the market 4hr at gym very 3days until friends told me easy way to kept the pounds off it may sound funny Don t eat anything white .	Hi, there’s the best way to lose weight I use is 395 pounds I’ve tried a very diet plan on the market for 4 hours at the gym for very 3 days until a friend tells me a simple way to keep the pounds, and it might sound fun not to eat anything white.	0
Maybe those are countries with the top 25 GDP 's ?	Is it possible that these are the countries with the top 25 GDP?	0
New Claims That IRS Targeting Of Tea Party Groups Continuing - Trey Gowdy - America 's Newsroom - YouTube	The new claims that the IRS is targeting the Tea Party Group continue - Trey Gowdy - America's Newsroom - YouTube	0
I have Japanese friends online , and they think it 's pretty funny that our countries are letting themselves get * * * * ed by bull * * * * .	I think it’s pretty fun that Japanese friends are online, and they allow our country to get themselves * * * ed by bull * *.	0
looking forward to it how lucky are we to have such gorgeous babies. i could n't survive without my kids ( and i certainly consider them my kids with the personalities they have lol )	I could not survive without my children (and I consider them my children with the personalities they have)	0
While I 'm happy to see this loser in jail , I think it 's also an excellent OPSEC tutorial : STFU Dip-wad .	While I’m happy to see this loser in jail, I think it’s also a good OPSEC tutorial: STFU Dip-wad.	0
Multiculturism is a Trojan Horse Multiculturalism is a fraud and a sham that is ripping Western nations social fabric to shreds .	Multiculturalism is a Trojan horse, a fraud that breaks down the social structures of Western countries.	0
hi there , well thank you very much for your reply. it means alot that someone took the time to. i really envy your job. i want it lol. so were abouts are you from ?	Hi, thank you very much for your answer. this means that someone has taken the time to. I really want your job. I want lol.	0
My mom and I went to the Huckleberry Festival in Whitefish this weekend and split a ham cheddar and veggie crepe at Amazing Crepes .	My mother and I went to the Huckleberry Festival at White Fish this weekend and shared a ham cheddar and vegetable crepe at Amazing Crepes.	0
This lady came out of a convenience store and got the stare , she glared right at them , spat on the ground and stormed off !	This woman came out of the store and found her eyes, she looked at them straight, spit on the ground, and ran out!	0
If you want to be treated with respect then try showing a bit yourself you arrogant dismissive tosser .	If you want to be treated with respect, then try to show yourself a little bit that you are arrogant and repugnant.	0
But it seems that you 're a little uncertain about yourself when you ask ' questions ' about your own nose ..........	But when you ask “questions” about your nose, you seem to be a little uncertain about yourself.	0
Then they show some shame in their face and turn away their eyes and do not disturb me with their staring .	Then they will show shame on their faces, and they will turn their eyes away, and will not bother me with their gaze.	0
agreed, there is no reason to make genocide of other races as long as they are in another country and have nothing to do with our affairs !	We agreed that there is no reason to massacre other races, and that as long as they are in another country, it has nothing to do with our problems!	1
Yeah, Swamp soccer is the real sport ... beer , naked men , men in flower dresses Actually , I was planning to attend with a girl team one year ... unfortunately it didn ´ t happen YouTube - Swamp Soccer - Finland	Yes, swamp football is a real sport... beer, naked men, flower clothes men in fact I’m planning to join a girl team for a year... unfortunately, this didn’t happen on YouTube – Swamp Soccer – Finland	0
Hello, I joined Stormfront today and I am pleased to be here .	Hello, I have joined Stormfront today and I'm happy to be here.	0
This girl is White .	That girl is white.	0
How hard is it for Americans to get to SA ?	How difficult is it for the Americans?	0
What are the best ways to start you own white community , set up your own currency or other methods of trade with other white communities in order to support your white community ?	What is the best way to start your own white community to build your own currency or trade with other white communities to support your white community?	0
Checkout these lyrics from `` Psychosocial '' : Fake Anti-Fascist Lie I tried to tell you , but your purple hearts are giving out Can t stop a killing idea if it s hunting season Is this what you want ?	Check out these lyrics from “Psychological Society”: Fake anti-fascist lies I’m trying to tell you, but your purple heart is emitting the idea that you can’t stop a murder if it’s the hunting season that’s what you want?	0
I'll ask you cuz you 're the fanboy I mean ' expert ' ...	I’m going to ask you, you’re the fanboy, I mean “expert.”	0
But get the eyes wide open and lets rock attitude ... most will back off and go away ..... been there with ya !	But open your eyes wide and allow the rock attitude... most will go back and leave.	0
WehrWolf101	The Wehrwolf 101	0
Lunch was surreal .	The meal was surreal.	0
Thank you for your support and thank you for everything else !!	Thanks for your support, and thank you for everything else!!	0
Absolutely, whenever i see a dirty white coon with dreadlocks i get the urge to grab him by his flea blanket head and head butt him senseless	Absolutely, every time I see a dirty white coon with dreadlocks, I recommend the invitation to catch him through his flowing head and make him senseless.	1
I seriously hope you have been able to overcome that burden and have gone on to achieve your goals .	I hope you have overcome this burden and achieved your goals.	0
You either stand with your people or they will stand over your dead body .	Either you stand with your people, or they stand on your dead body.	1
That or it might be that Blacks have smaller brains and an IQ 15-30 points lower than that of White people on average .	A black person has a small brain and an IQ 15 to 30 points lower than the average white person.	1
And it was on my list for middle names for my son .	And it was on the middle name list for my son.	0
Save Ireland has a job he works for MSI are you saying their is a more important job than trying to stop the Immigration invasion into Ireland ?	Save Ireland has a job that works for MSI, do you say that your job is more important than trying to stop the invasion of immigration in Ireland?	1
We need more of our kids on the honor role and in college , crowding out the non-W 's !	We need more of our children at the college and the role of honor, and overwhelming the non-W’s!	1
They want to a mixed population since they know that mixed populations have NO center around to rebel .	They want a mixed population because they know that there is no center for the mixed populations to revolt.	0
Do you notice how the primate 's , I mean black kid 's arm is around the white girl ?	Have you noticed how the primate, I mean, the arm of the black boy is around the white girl?	1
I think they will figure it out when the ratings start to slide .	I think they’ll find out when their ratings start to fall.	0
I work from home as a home computer helpdesk so I do have some spare time .	I work at home as a computer help office, so I have a little free time.	0
man i was in jail in waukesha a few years back and i heard that there arent any skins out there any more , hows the scene out there ? has it picked up in the last few years or was the guy i talked to full of it ?	Did someone I was in jail in waukesha a few years ago hear that there was no more skin there, and the stage spread out there?This has been captured over the past few years, or the person I talked about is filled with it	0
Nigdy nie spotkalem zadnego w Londynie .	We never talked about the strikes in London.	2
That describes the mooleys very well , the signature haymaker .	This describes very well the mooleys, the firm haymaker.	0
Are you often sometimes jealous of other people and wish to have their life style even if it meant switching to a different race ?	Do you often envy others and want to have their way of life, even if that means turning to another race?	0
You are white and you are better then them and the next time they harass you and someone else form a group of buddies and go up to the proncipal office .	You’re white and you’re better than them and then if they bother you and someone else, form a group of friends and go up to the office.	1
Their aggressiveness is a massive reason for their ' success ' .	Their aggressiveness is a huge reason for their'success'.	1
That 's like the class where you get credit for learning how to sleep .	It’s like a class where you earn credits to learn how to sleep.	0
It 's safe to do that if you are experienced I think .	This is safe, if you have experience, I think.	0
What they say and what the want to do are miles apart https : //www.facebook.com/NationalRif ... 4033633761833/	What they say and what they want to do is a few miles away HTTPS: //www.facebook.com/NationalRif... 4033761833/	0
yeah, maybe if you are Jewish They just warm up the old money printing press when they might feel like they are getting low .	Yes, maybe if you’re a Jew, they’ll warm up the old money printed press when they feel they’re down.	1
Learning how to preserve food and build traps .	Learn how to preserve food, build traps.	0
First it was called `` Kod pastira '' ( At Shepherd 's ) in 1878 , then , in 1892 `` Kod Saborne crkve '' ( At the Cathedral Church ) , but this was soon removed , because it neither complied with regulations on restaurants , nor did the Church authorities find it suitable .	First, it was called “Kod pastira” (in the priest) in 1878 and then, in 1892, “Saborne Church” (at the Cathedral Church), but it was quickly cancelled because it did not comply with the rules of the restaurant, nor did the church authorities consider it suitable.	0
It is good to hear your story .	It's nice to hear your story.	0
Her dad is going to school with her tomorrow ....	I want to go to school tomorrow with my dad.	0
If yes , I think you are doing your people a huge disservice .	If so, I think you’re doing a huge bad service to your people.	0
Kiss uncle Samael for me , will you ?	I’m going to kiss you for Uncle Samel, right?	0
www.thomasaquinas.edu University of Dallas , Irving , Texas http://acad.udallas.edu Washington and Lee University , Lexington , Va.	www.thomasaquinas.edu University of Dallas, Irving, Texas www.acad.udallas.edu Washington and Lee University, Lexington, Va.	0
So arid , so hot , so Mexican , and so colorless .	So arid, so warm, so Mexican, and so colorless.	3
I bet they wouldnt have done that crap to a black person that had black power or those black fists that the panthers use written on his back pack .	I bet that they would never have done that shit to a black man with black power, or that the panda had written that black palm on his backpack.	1
I do n't need my car vandalised or my dog poisoned , etc .	I don’t need my car to be vandalized or my dog to be poisoned, etc.	0
im not lol .	It is not fun.	0
ALWAYS SPEAK OUT WHEN IN A CLASS WITH A BRAINWASHING TEACHER BECAUSE ONCE YOU SPEAK OTHERS WHO MAY FEEL THE SAME WAY MAY REALIZE THEY ARE NOT ALONE but if you say nothing then everybody will without question go along with the anti white brainwashing .	When you always talk to a brainwashing teacher in class, when you talk to someone else who might feel the same, they’re not alone, but if they don’t say anything, everyone will undoubtedly go with anti-whitening.	0
Im thinking that if whites in mass began PLE 's the jews would just cross out the word white and add the word minority in its place .	I think if the white people started the PLE, the Jews would simply turn off the word white and add the word minority.	0
I've seen those walls in Cuzco .	I have seen the walls of Cuzco.	0
The easiest solution is to find a nice white girl and have at least two or more white children .	The easiest solution is to find a beautiful white girl and have at least two or more white children.	0
When anyone is ready we are now taking reservations on lots as we speak first come first served contact me for more info .	If everyone is ready, we now take reservations on many, as we talk, come first served, please contact me for more information.	0
Every ethnic Ukrainian I have ever met was White .	All the ethnic Ukrainians I met were white.	0
Saw that youtube video of those guys shooting 444 marlin and 454 Casull in an old 410 shotgun .	Watching this YouTube video, the men shot 444 Marlin and 454 Casul with an old 410 gun.	0
The update on this situation in San Francisco is that a judge rejected the idea that guns could be banned there .	An update on this situation in San Francisco was that the judge rejected the idea that guns would be banned there.	0
i used to post on here a few years back as kruger but for some reason i cant register with that name so here goes with the new one 88 to all i know and to those i will meet	I have posted here as a Kruger a few years ago, but for some reason I can register with this name so here with the new 88 to all I know and to those I will meet.	0
Yeah they did this crap at my school when I was in kindergarten .	Yes they did that shit in my school when I was in kindergarten.	0
Gotta travel light , governor .	You have to go light, Mr. Governor.	0
Get armor for your dog !	Get a weapon for your dog.	0
At least skip ahead to 9 : 50 and watch the final minute .	At least jump forward at 9:50 and see the last minute.	0
http://www.wntube.net/play.php ? vid = 1428 & code = 108	HTTP://www.tw.com/play.php? vid = 1428 and code = 108	0
It could n't have anything to do with ethnicity/culture in its entirety where it does n't belong .	It may not have anything to do with race or culture, where it does not belong.	0
I hope to compete myself .	I hope that I will compete myself.	0
Last week the crowd were chucking snowballs at Peter Shilton .	Last week, the crowd whispered snowballs to Peter Shilton.	0
https://www.stormfront.org/forum/t1020784/ https : //www.stormfront.org/forum/t102 ... ghlight = sweden https : //www.stormfront.org/forum/t102 ... ghlight = sweden https : //www.stormfront.org/forum/t101 ... ghlight = sweden https : //www.stormfront.org/forum/t101 ... ghlight = sweden https : //www.stormfront.org/forum/t100 ... ghlight = sweden https : //www.stormfront.org/forum/t100 ... ghlight = sweden https : //www.stormfront.org/forum/t100 ... ghlight = sweden God save them .....	HTTPS://www.stormfront.org/forum/t1020784/ HTTP : //www.stimulator.com/t102... ghlight = Swedish https : // www.t102 / t102 / t103 / t101 / t110 / t100 / t105 / t114 / t129 / t137 / t148 / t156 / t169 / T167 / T160 / t150 / t170 / t180 / t179 /... Ghlight = Sweden https : / / www.Stimulant.com / t208 / forum / t120 / t1000 / t200 / t500 / t00 / t300 / t400 / t50 / t60 / t55 / t40 / t30 / t359 /	1
I hope it gets the coverage it deserves and that white people need .	I hope it deserves it and gets the cover that the white people need.	0
So that excludes uneducated third worlders .	Therefore, this excludes non-educated people from the Third World.	1
You counter your own post with your own words you f * * * * * g idiot	You compare your own posts with your own words you f * * g fool	0
https://www.stormfront.org/forum/show...t+20867&page=9 Just go to my post further down the page , Drug dealing , Murdering , Racemixing , Zionist/Masonic scumbags The last picture of the black orangemen , f * ckin hell i nearly split my sides laughing	https://www.stormfront.org/forum/show...t+20867&page=9 Just move my post to the page below, Drugs Deal, Murder, Racemixing, Zionist / Mason scumbags Black Orange Man's Last Photo, f * ckin hell I split my sides laughing	1
I asked for this on another thread , but was subjected to untelling rudeness .	I asked him this on another thread, but he was subject to a denied rudeness.	0
Los Angeles braces for weekend of `` Carmageddon '' - US news - msnbc.com	Los Angeles meet for 'Carmageddon' weekend - US news - msnbc.com	0
Cheers , Edward	Congratulations to Edward.	0
I've often pointed out that negroes are more stupid than I can even imagine if they actually think they 're gonna win any race war .	I often pointed out that the black people are more stupid than I could imagine, and they think they would actually win any race war.	1
Remember to not make it just about being anti-everyone else , but to also make it about them being proud of their own family heritage .	Remember that it’s not just about opposing others, but also about being proud of your own family’s legacy.	0
I guess in that case , I will just grow a big fro , and it 's no big deal .	I suppose that in this case, I’m just going to grow a big fro, and that’s not a big deal.	0
Come to Bromsgrove and I 'll be more than happy to give you a tour of the West Midlands and the History of Heavy Metal We have the Malvern Hills one of Englands most beautiful places	Come to Bromsgrove I will be happy to offer you a history tour of Western Midland and heavy metals We have Malvern Hills, one of the most beautiful places in England.	0
I was in the Taiwan airport and the whole plane was East Indian .	I was at the airport in Taiwan and the entire aircraft was East India.	0
I also read in `` March of the Titans '' that there are three `` subraces '' pf whites , nordic , alpine , and mediterranian , and found out I could be a poster boy for the Alpine group ( round face , brown hair , green eyes , stocky build ) !	I also read on Titan's Tuesday that there were three "subrays" among the white, the northern, the Alps, and the Mediterranean, and I found that I was able to become a poster boy of a group of Alps (Round Face, Brown Hair, Green Eyes, Stock Building).	0
http://www.news4jax.com/news/21589330/detail.html	www.news4jax.com / news/news21589330 / detail.html	0
Obviously not .	Clearly not.	0
Surely they could n't stop you `` expressing your religious convictions '' , could they ?	They couldn’t prevent you from “expressing your religious beliefs,” can they?	0
We need to eliminate all of those elements from the white race .	We need to remove all these elements from the white race.	1
Being a peaceful nation today is the same as the embrace multiculturalism and do nothing against non-white imigration .	Becoming a peaceful country today is the same as embracing multiculturalism and doing nothing about non-white immigration.	0
I would n't be surprised if I 've yelled and cussed at one of his call center cousins on the phone before .	I would not be surprised if I had previously screamed and screamed among the relatives of his phone center in the phone.	0
88	86 is	0
Now that would be an awesome White National School that everyone in the world can attend .	Now it would be an amazing White National School where anyone in the world can participate.	0
Still seeing remnants of Halloween in AFFLUENT neighborhoods .	The remains of Halloween are still seen in the AFFLUENT neighborhoods.	0
Hell of a show as well !	It is also a show!	0
Hundreds of people , but no blacks !	Hundreds of people, but not black people.	0
Please explain so even we on the other side of the sea can understand .	Please explain, so we can understand even on the other side of the sea.	0
I stayed there for a few months a year and a half ago for small job my work bid .	I stayed there a few months and a half ago for a small job offer.	0
But I bet They knew exactly why to let it appear on television , only to create a bigger tension between the gypsies and the czechs .	But I bet, they knew exactly why it should appear on TV just to create a greater tension between the Cypriots and the Czechs.	0
Plans for largest mosque in Ireland given go ahead Read more : Plans for largest mosque in Ireland given go ahead | Irish News | IrishCentral Follow us : @IrishCentral on Twitter | IrishCentral on Facebook	Plans for the largest mosque in Ireland are in advance Read more: Plans of the biggest mosque of Ireland in advances Star Irish News Stars IrishCentral Follow us: @	0
In reality screwing up is it 's own punishment , and nothing deters nor rehabilitates .	In reality, breeding is its own penalty, and nothing stops or rehabilitates.	0
Thanks for this .	thank for this.	0
You've managed to climb your way out of the valley of deceit and you 've found your way to the pastures of truth .	You have managed to get out of the valley of deception and have found your way to the pasture of truth.	0
Again , I appreciate the contributions to this thread , but videos like this have no value here .	Again, I appreciate the contribution to this topic, but videos like this are not worth it here.	0
You need some white culture , and a dictionary .	You need a little white culture and a dictionary.	0
I stayed in Ballina and saw almost no foreigners at all .	I stayed in Balina and I hardly saw strangers at all.	0
Wrong !	is wrong!	3
MORON	Moron is	0
The money grubbers with their own entitlement mentality have their money as their tool and the the working class have government or guns .	Money miners with their own right minds have their own money as a tool, and the working class has government or guns.	0
There will be hundreds of thousands of white people fleeing your proverbial sea of mud this is where we come in .	Millions of white people are escaping your legendary sea of mud, and this is where we come in.	1
How about a tactical pen ?	What about the tactical pen?	0
Verdiløse snakk ?	The verdilious serpent?	2
See thread `` Racially motivated attacks on white teachers '' : 9 middle schoolers beat a white woman ( teacher ? ) on a bus on the way to school .	“Rational-motivated attack on white teachers”: Nine high school students hit a white woman (the teacher) in a bus on the way to school.	0
Then why are you posting on Stormfront ?	So why do you post on Stormfront?	0
I know I will like it so I order it instead of trying something new ...	I knew I would love it, so I ordered it instead of trying something new.	0
http://u.tv/newsroom/indepth.asp ? id = 63241 & pt = n	HTTP://u.tv/Newsroom/indepth.asp? id = 6241 and pt = n	0
St. John 's College Choir , Cambridge , England : Come , thou long expected Jesus : St John 's College Choir , Cambridge - YouTube St John 's College Choir Cambridge - Wise - Prepare ye the way - YouTube Jesus Christ , the Apple Tree Merry Christmas ( almost ) --last week in Advent !!!!!!	St. John's College Choir, Cambridge, England: Come, you've been waiting for Jesus for a long time: St. Jean's University Chor, Cambridge - YouTube St. Joseph's School Chor Cambridge - Wise - Prepare Your Way - YouTube Jesus Christ, the Apple Tree Merry Christmas ( almost ) --the	0
32	Thirty Three	0
www.calvin.edu Christendom College , Front Royal , Va.	www.calvin.edu Christian College, Royal Front, Va.	0
I registered to make comment but there appear to have a critical error , o dear .	I registered to comment but it seems that there is a major error.	1
Everything that symbiosis a western nation is now becoming a `` Hate Sign '' How come anything that represents Jewish or Muslim traditions is not a symbol of hate ?	Everything that assimilates Western nations is now becoming a “sign of hatred” and everything that represents the Jewish or Muslim tradition is not a symbol of hate.	0
Here 's the link : http://apps.meadjohnson.com/forms/jsp/Efb/Efb.do ?	Here's the link: http://apps.meadjohnson.com/forms/Jsp/Efb/Fb.do	0
Riot Survival Kit Day 1 Leave 1 ) American Express Platinum card .	Riot Survival Kit Day 1 leaves 1 ) U.S. Express payment card.	0
Oh dear , Full on white genocide right there .	A lot of white genocide there.	0
Read more : Charges in deadly wreck that killed 5 motorcyclists - LancasterOnline.com News Crash takes injured woman 's fiancé , mom - LancasterOnline.com News	Read more : Accusations of fatal crashes that led to the deaths of 5 motorcyclists - LancasterOnline.com News Accident caused injury to the woman's fiancée, mother - Lanzarot online.	0
I keep sticking to the fish and chips for safety sake ....	We will continue to stick to fish and chips for safety.	0
The Jews are called the antichrist , children of Satan , liars , thieves , and murderers throughout the whole Bible .	The Jews are referred to throughout the Bible as the Antichrist, children of Satan, liars, thieves, and murderers.	0
Our people do n't need to feel down about all this and neither do we need to turn off new member prospects from this fine place so a little less crying and a little more doing is called for .	Our people do not need to be unhappy with all of this, nor need to dissolve the potential of the new members from this beautiful place, so we need to cry less and do a little more.	0
how could you have a debate with a nigerian woman ! pity i was listening in , should have been a good laugh listening to that person trying to hold a civilised conversation	How can you argue with a Nigerian woman?I’m sorry to hear that listening to this guy trying to have a civilised conversation should be funny.	1
Greetings all .	congratulations to all.	0
I usually know when friends or relatives are distressed through illness or accident/incident.I then phone them and find out what has happened .	I usually know when a friend or relative is suffering from illness or accident/accident.I call them and know what happened.	0
I then checked Miss Portugal .	Then I checked out Miss Portugal.	0
Tereasa	Thereas	0
Hey, I am in Mesa ..	I am at the table...	0
There is no different versions of bad when it comes to race traitors , if you date a non white it is bad , no matter if the non-white is asian , black or arab.	There is no other version of the bad when it comes to racial traitors, and dating with non-whites is bad regardless of whether a non-White is Asian, black or Arab.	1
Lord Fredrik Leighton .	Sir Frederick Layton	0
The pearl of German Water Castles ............. , , , , , , , , , , , ... right : Burg Eltz Castle is a medieval castle nestled in the hills above the Moselle River between Koblenz and Trier , Germany .	The Pearl of German Water Castles: Burg Eltz Castle is a medieval castle nested in the hills over the Moselle River between Koblenz and Trier, Germany.	0
Daniel Wretström march And their website : http://www.salemfonden.info/ ( currently seems to be down but usually works just fine )	Daniel Wretström march and their website: http://www.salemfonden.info/ (they now seem to fall but generally work well)	0
PS .	The PS.	0
Coming to a town near you soon .	I will soon come to a city near you.	0
I'm on the south shore ...	I am on the South Shore.	0
I have always thought that the first order of business in a White Nationalist State Would be to teach our youth how to fight unarmed .	I have always thought that in a white nationalist country, the first thing to do is to teach our young people how to fight unarmed.	0
This is disgusting and Justin wants this to live here .	It’s disgusting and Justin wants it to be here.	3
So sick of the way its working , I remember when I was growing up in Winnipeg the little shops were all white runned and owned and would hire people from the community and it was great it helped people and kept streets safe even though me and others would cause some bull * * * * it wasnt anything to how it is now .	I remember working in such a sick way that when I grew up in Winnipeg the little shop was run by whites and all and would hire people from the community, it was great to help people and keep the streets safe, even if I and others would lead to some cattle * * * it wasn't anything now.	1
Wow ... we are all in AWE !	Wow... we’re all in AWE!	0
it is better with a shaved head.A friend of mine was beaten really bad a year ago because they could have pulled him by his hair .	One of my friends was hit very badly a year ago because they might have pulled him on his hair.	0
I knew a girl in school who went out with one .	I met a girl who went to school with one.	0
Here you could see the rest of the adverts of this campaign http://www.jetlageando.com/archives/scpf-es-albino.jpghttp://www.jetlageando.com/archives/...-jardinero.jpghttp://www.jetlageando.com/archives/scpf-es-gemelas.jpg they are supossed to be fun but the one with the black man has another purpose .	Here, you can see the rest of the ads of this campaign http://www.jetlageando.com/archives/scpf-es-albino.jpghttp://www,jetlageand.com / archives/...-jardinero.jpg http:// www,jetlagando.co.uk/archive/sc Pf-es -gemelas.jpg They may seem interesting but one with black people has a different purpose.	0
I would like to thank Theodoric for the very nice Stormfront banner he put up regarding these murders and this distribution .	I want to thank Theodoric for the very nice Stormfront banners he has set up in relation to these murders and this distribution.	0
Sørensen , 19 years old , was born April 8 , 1982 in Kolding .	Sørensen, 19, was born on April 8th, 1982 in Kolding.	0
Damn you all for making me tag along with you .. !	Congratulations to everyone who has been with me!	0
Frederick Burton .	by Frederic Burton	0
They like to keep cops out .	They love to keep the police out.	0
I 'm surprised Greek or some Asiatic languages did n't pop up .	I am surprised that Greek or some Asian languages do not appear.	0
Live in peoria , az	Live in Peoria	0
Nothing too major here .	There is nothing too big here.	0
35109	359 103 to	0
Don't take me wrong but a pig is a pig in any country and such is the actress who played the part on this show .	Don’t be wrong, but the pig is a pig in any country, and it’s an actress who plays a role in this show.	1
Then when they 're good and pumped up on how awesome they are they 'll be knocking on your door asking you to surrender your guns .	Then, when they’re good and pumped to how great they are, they’ll knock on your door and ask you to give up your gun.	0
God willing .	The God Willed.	0
i dont see why u couldnt go alone i mean its in a public place , unless hes picking you up or something ...... first post	I don't see why you can't go alone, I mean it in a public place unless you're not afraid to get you or something...	0
The first thing I thought was `` he does lots of meth '' .	The first thing I thought was, “He does a lot of meta.”	0
YouTube - & #x202a ; India ministers watch as cop bleeds to death & #x202c ; & rlm ;	YouTube - & #x202a; Ministers of India watch as the police officer bleeds to death & # x202c; & rlm;	0
Also, I think I did a dumb thing by using my real name as a user name ... anyway I can change it ?	I also think I did a stupid thing using my real name as a username... can I still change it?	0
Who would know more about exploiting people you do n't give a crap about other than a member of the tribe ?	Who knows you better about exploiting people who don’t give shit to anyone other than members of the tribe?	0
As long as you do n't do that , they ca n't accuse you of misusing company time , or creating a hostile work environment	Unless you do so, they will not blame you for misusing your company time or creating a hostile working environment.	0
As he went about his dubious deeds he set off the museum s alarm system .	After his suspicious actions, he stopped the alarm system of the museum.	0
Grow a brain moron .	Creation of a moron brain.	0
Yes , I was a Libertarian from birth !	Yes, I have been a liberal since I was born!	0
Its only 3300 miles , that s not so bad. >	It’s only 3,300 miles, that’s not that bad.	0
Personally, I think this whites becoming the minority thing is being used by our enemies to discourage white voter turn out .	Personally, I think this white man becomes a minority, and our enemies are being used to suppress white voters.	0
i get what your saying and there are thousands of non irish here who will never contribute anything to this land .	I get what you say, there are thousands of non-Irish people here, but they will never contribute to this land.	1
A certain Person would want to shut his mouth that Person going on about stuff from 1930 had no right to post that information.Leo would not be impressedwww.muslimsout.org	Some people want to shut their mouths about what happened in the 1930s and say they don’t have the right to publish that information.Leo won’t be impressedwww.muslimsout.org	0
Don't you love the double standards ?	Do you like double standards?	0
Betrayal of bright pupils : Two thirds who shine at age of 11 are steered into soft subjects at GCSE Just 33.9 % of teenagers from disadvantaged homes gained at least five Cs in their GCSEs last summer - including English and maths - compared with 58.2 % of all pupils attending state schools Yet again , selective schools dominate top of the tables Schools Minister Nick Gibb : ' Today 's figures reveal a shocking waste of talent in many schools across the country ' Read more : Two thirds of top achievers at 11 not taking key GCSEs | Mail Online	Bright Student Betrayal: Two-thirds of bright students at age 11 are led to soft subjects at GCSE Only 33.9% of teens from weak families earned at least 5Cs at GCSEs, including English and Math, last summer - compared to 58.2% of all students going to state schools, but again, selective schools dominate the top of the table School Minister Nick Gibb: “Today’s numbers reveal a surprising waste of talent in many schools across the country.”	0
My new next door neighbors are Chechen and they have red hair and light skin .	My new neighbors are Chechens, and they have red hair and bright skin.	0
Its one of the last places you 'd expect this	It’s one of the last places you’d expect this.	0
Hello.	hello to	0
I just believe Kitchener , the once overwhelmingly white city has been ruined .	I just believe that Kitchener, once a very white city, was ruined.	3
The claim is that years ago India was a White Mans land mixing with the Negro .	A few years ago, there was a claim that India was a land of whites mixed with blacks.	0
I will at least never willingly pay to see this propaganda , maybe just watch it for free to show the influence the jews have got in the white genocide to people .	I would at least never be willing to pay for this propaganda, maybe just watch it for free, to show the impact of Jews on the people in the white genocide.	1
But evertime they took their arms out of water the burning immediately started .	But every time they pulled their arms out of the water, the fire started immediately.	0
https://www.facebook.com/permalink.php?story_fbid=1493603624234498&id=14320 59370388924 Waterford Against Racism added 6 new photos .	HTTPS://www.facebook.com/permalink.php?story_fbid=14936036244498&id=14320 59370388924 Waterford Against Racism 6 New photos have been added.	0
I was realistic in the first post on this thread ( page1 ) , now this , this is the sexy part of our country .	I was realistic in the first post of this trade (page 1) and now this, this is the sexy part of our country.	0
William Shockley on race , IQ and Dysgenics - YouTube	William Shockley on race, IQ, and Dysgenics – YouTube	0
Marie Spartali Stillman .	by Maria Spartalini Stillman.	0
I look forward to commenting when I get more time .	I hope to comment when I have more time.	0
One knows it 's a large number , that 's for sure !	People say it is a big number, it is certain!	0
Definitely going to do that !	I will definitely do it!	0
Our enemy has the sheep already , and they 're doing more to destroy us than many of these `` lions '' of ours are saving .	Our enemies already have sheep, and they are doing more to destroy us than many of our “lions” have saved.	0
Nordic is not someone 's heritage it 's a sub race category than one person 's heritage will be put into .	The Nordic is not someone’s inheritance, it is a category of subrace that is one’s heritage.	0
The Bible itself though is full of contradictions and you can mis-judge how things are meant .	But the Bible itself is full of contradictions, and you can misjudge what things mean.	0
Only problem is in the multiracial environment it means you have to dance with non-Whites .	Only the problem is in multi-racial environments, which means you have to dance with non-white people.	0
Ok here 's mine , not a very good picture of me but it 's the only one i have at the moment .	Okay, here's my, not a very good photo of me, but it's the only one I have right now.	0
some are and some are not. you will find that with everything in life. but whites tend to be more raspecfull to everyone	Some are and some are not.You will find it with everything in life.But the white is more cruel to everyone	0
Going to reah 10k soon !	Soon we will go to 10K!	0
Whites in all their glory against impossibly large hordes of non-whites .	The white men fought the incredible crowd of non-whites in all their glory.	1
I think it 's time for some old west justice ... like takin ' these two sombitches out and ..... well , I think you get my point .....	I think it’s time to give some old western justice... like getting those two sombitches out... well, I think you got my point of view.	1
YouTube - & quot ; Ð Ð ? Ð ¨ Ð Ð * Ð # Ð ® Ð cents Ð ¬ Ð Ð Ð Ð * Ð Ð Ð Ð Ð ¬ Ð ¦ Ð ... & quot ;	You are at:Home»YouTube»You Are at:You Are At:You are at!	0
Maybe if you 'd have gone down to London you could have marched with hundreds of nationalists in the very centre of our nations capital ...	Maybe if you had been to London, you could have walked with hundreds of nationalists in the very center of the capital of our nations.	0
It is that whole thing about Standard of living being the most important thing in peoples lives and what they strive for and base their self worth and the worth of others on that is a huge obstacle we need to overcome .	It is that the whole thing about the standard of life to be the most important thing in the lives of the peoples and what they strive and their self-esteem and the value of others is an enormous obstacle that we have to overcome.	0
If anyone want 's to get together I 'm open to a BBQ with like-minded individuals .	If anyone wants to be with me, I’m open to BBQ with people with the same thoughts.	0
I saw this video on youtube Chechen Lezginka - YouTube Why do Russians call them black .	I have seen this video on youtube Chechen Lezginka - YouTube Why the Russians call them black.	0
It's sad when the stupid petitions get filled in 2-3 weeks like that one to build the death star .	It’s sad when those stupid petitions are filled in two to three weeks, just like building a Death Star.	0
-12oz	– 12 oz	0
Lite and fast .	Small and fast.	0
Who else here is `` THAT '' house on the block ?	Who is the “house” on the block?	0
If you click on the new nation news link at the bottom of my post your will go to a website full of white victims of black crime .	If you click on the new country news link on the bottom of my post, you’ll go to a web site full of white victims of black crime.	0
thank you for the support Ukrainian brothers .	Thank you very much for the support of the Ukrainian brothers.	0
The picture in my sig is a Mennonite farm in Creston .. just a couple miles from where I am typing this .	My photo is of a Menonite farm in Creston, but only a few miles from where I’m writing this.	0
Then get one to submit an intro video to the show amd see where it goes .	Then you get one to send an introductory video to the show and see where it is going.	0
Ever since SF came back on line people have adopted a more aggressive line of debate , the threads I have been on seem to have gone that way pretty quickly anyway .	People have adopted a more aggressive line of debate since SF returned online, and the line I’ve been discussing seems to have gone so quickly.	0
Yep blame the grandparents parents plus school teachers .	Yes, blame grandparents and school teachers.	0
Did anyone here of the co up Irish lets say like the ab have got the Irish mob to be brothers to keep out the foreign crowd ? I got it from the star newspaper a few weeks back could be a load of made up * * * * . ?	Can someone in the Irish community say that he got the Irish Move to become a brother to expel the foreign crowd? I got it in the Star newspaper a few weeks ago * *..	0
If I was Ukrainian , I 'd sign a pact with devil himself to get rid of jewdo-islam Putinistan AKA Russian Federation ....	If I were a Ukrainian, I would have signed an agreement with the devil himself to eliminate the Jewish-Islamic Putinistan.	1
The vegitation here has a lot of these tree with thorny burrs .	The plants here have many of these trees, with crude trees.	0
You should not be surprised , i have 2 swedish/finnish friends ... asian looks in women is a must ... so i am not surprised .	You shouldn’t be surprised, I have 2 Swedish/Finnish friends... Asian women’s appearance is essential... so I’m not surprised.	0
Reports that Trump will meet with group seeking independence for White South Africans | Sports , Hip Hop & Piff - The Coli	Trump reports he is meeting with a group seeking independence from white South Africans: Hip Hop & Piff - The Coli	0
If you are talking about Alexander the Great then yes .	If you're talking about Alexander the Great, then yes.	0
Hello all from Norfolk .	Hello to everyone from Norfolk!	0
Please stop this nonsense all of you !	Please stop doing this nonsense!	0
If you 're interested in stopping power in respects to property defense and home invaders , but like the AR platform , why not try 7.62x39 ?	If you’re interested in stopping power on property defense or home invaders, why not try 7.62x39, like an AR platform?	0
I wanted to run for politics as well but I realized there is no hope as society is way too liberal .	I also wanted to run for politics, but I realized that there was no hope because society was too liberal.	0
Vancouver ( Burnaby , Richmond , Surrey ) I guarantee are worse than Calgary .	Vancouver (Burnaby, Richmond, Surrey), I have a worse guarantee than Calgary.	0
Cheaper too .	Cheap too.	0
These are sad times .	This is sad times.	3
The famine was a planned event , to pacify a troublesome country .	The famine was an event planned to bring peace to a difficult country.	0
Being hit with a paintball is not bad , the painfull stuff is when you are diving around in air to the floor and you slice your elbows and knees up	It’s not a bad thing to be hit with a paintball, but the painful thing is when you dive into the air on the floor and cut off your elbows and knees.	0
EDIT : Using , of course a brass bore brush which is much softer than the barrel 's steel and should not damage rifling .	Editing: Use, of course, copper drilling brush, it is softer than barrel steel, and should not damage the gun.	0
Better some overly polite White guy offering to tell you about the word of Joseph Smith than some nignog car jacking you .	It is better for a too polite white man to offer you the words of Joseph Smith than to have you steal a nignog car.	1
Three of the four suspects in the death of a 12-year-old Moore County girl were repeat offenders , free on probation .	Three of the four suspects of the death of a 12-year-old girl in Moore County were repeated as offenders, free of charge to the trial.	0
I take it you are a little person then .	I tell you, you are a small person.	0
I encourage everyone to read the following information about one of the best opportunities the White race has left for survival : http://www.natallhv.com/what.html	I encourage everyone to read the following information about one of the best chances left by the white race for survival: http://www.natallhv.com/what.html	0
Ukraine needs to rid itself of these Jewish Oligarchs .	Ukraine must free itself from Jewish oligarchs.	1
Why dont we just put them in my spot and then drop a few bombs.I am serious they are making fools out of the Irish .	Why don’t we put them in my place and drop a few bombs?I seriously think they’re making Irish people stupid	1
KC skin boy looking for KC skin girl .	KC Pear Boys Are Looking for KC The Pear Girls	0
Not aware they eat cats & dogs , but they are not us .	We don’t know that they eat cats and dogs, but they aren’t us.	0
Is that couple in the second picture with the dark yellow background an Asian female with a White male or is it something that looks like it designed to send the same message ?	Is this couple on the second photo with the dark yellow background an Asian woman with a white man or is it something that seems to be designed to send the same message?	1
Kountze is ~ 70 % White , 23 % Black , & 5 % Hispanic , so I looked in the area. in a good way. source : City Data	Kountze is ~ 70 % White, 23 % Black, & 5 % Hispanic, so I looked in the area.	0
The common draw was between 80 - 140 lbs .	The general output was between 80-140lbs.	0
Valgt i Fredericia-kredsen i Vejle Amt , som Folketingets yngste medlem nogensinde .	He was chosen as the youngest man ever in the country.	2
Hope you will find what you are looking for .	Hope you’ll find what you’re looking for.	0
How is this worthy of a human rights hearing ?	How is it worth a human rights debate?	0
The work involves : selling sporting goods and assisting customers with questions or problems .	The tasks include selling sports goods and helping customers with questions or problems.	0
Thanks to all responses , Deathstar 69 * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * Mod Note : I was going to move this off the board , but I decided to leave it here with a warning instead .	Thank you for all the answers, Death Star 69 * * ** * * *	0
I am not a massive fan of skrewdriver but I like that song .	I'm not a big fan of Skrewdriver, but I like this song.	0
The homosexual outcasts of the nation quietly moved into San Francisco 's Castro District , and the families who lived there said : `` What is happening here '' Eventually a few conscious Whites noticed and said : `` This is what is happening , and at last , at last , it 's time to wake the sleepers . ''	Homosexuals in the country silently moved to the Castello district in San Francisco, where the family lived and said, “What’s happening here?” at the end, some conscious white men noticed, saying, “This is what happened, and finally, it’s time to awaken the sleeper.”	0
No Jew has ever found a way to force a big black females to parrot Marxist propaganda the way that little dumb liberal anti-whites will .	No Jew has found a way to force a group of big black women to carry out Marxist propaganda in a way like a handful of stupid liberal anti-whites.	1
But Israel disagrees .	But Israel does not agree.	0
5. length of school day/school year 5 days a week .	The duration of the school day/school year is 5 days per week.	0
YouTube - Mayor of Boston sends welcome to gay/transgender youth event Kids attend prom from ' sexual hell ' You wo n't believe how children as young as 12 years old partied Family advocates are outraged by a prom held at Boston City Hall that was open to children apparently as young as 12 featuring crossdressers , homosexual heavy petting , suspected drug use and a leather-clad doorman who teaches sexual bondage classes .	YouTube - The mayor of Boston welcomes the gay/transgender youth event The children who participate in the promotion of sex engenders You are angry by the promotion held in the Boston City Hall and opened to the children around the age of 12 cross-dressing, gay heavy pets, drug use suspicion, sex slavery classes teaching skin	0
They only know how to destory our civilization .	They know only how to destroy our civilization.	1
It's probably a combination of the sexual tastes of homosexuals ( toward the adolescent ) in the agency , and the racial agenda of liberals in the agency .	It could be a combination of the homosexual sexual desire (for adolescents) in the institution and the racial agenda of the institution’s liberals.	1
See her in other pictures and you will see how she is a typical slavic .	Look at her in other photos and you’ll see she’s a typical Slavic.	0
A primate was the fist to invent a stick in Africa , a black just stole it from him .	The primitive man was the hole that invented the stick in Africa, and the black man stole it from him.	1
A pile of burned offerings .	One piece of a burning offer.	0
Hacked website ?	Hacking a website?	0
How about native americans ?	What about American indigenous people?	0
88	86 is	0
CONFIRMED - March 12 , 2011 UPDATE 1pm CST - Meltdown , Outgassing !	CONFIRMED - March 12, 2011 UPDATE 1pm CST – Meltdown, Outgassing!	0
I had nothing but polite White Children and their parents come to my door , and I got to meet some of my neighbors .	In addition to the polite white children and their parents coming to my door, I got to meet some of my neighbors.	0
Whether or not one chooses to eat meat is a very personal decision .	Whether you eat meat or not, this is a personal decision.	0
I just pray I do not have to take anymore of her courses .	I just prayed that I would no longer need to attend her classes.	0
Decaying , rotting malls inhabited by rats , wild dogs and homeless former retail employees will be a blight on the suburban landscape for decades .	The rotting mall, where rats, wild dogs, and homeless former retailers live, will plague the suburban landscape for decades.	0
I'll like to take that for a test drive .	I would like to take it for a test trip.	0
So do you actually meet the people that you let join and start a chapter or are you just trusting that an anti would n't sign up so that you start directing people to them to get jumped or whatever ?	So, do you really meet the people to whom you are allowed to join and start a chapter or simply think that an anti will not be registered so that you begin to direct people to jump or whatever?	0
If yer interested in chattin ' drop me a line .	If you are interested in chattin 'drop me on line.	0
Which is why the user said `` Do not confuse him with the Jewish doctor of Hitler 's family in Austria , Eduard Bloch . ''	That’s why the user said, “Don’t confuse him with the doctor Edward Blocker of Hitler’s Jewish family in Austria.”	0
The child s mother has been arrested [ no need to post that ugly face ! ] http://jacksonville.com/news/crime/2010-10-13/story/law-disorder-missing-toddler-found-gym-bag	The child's mother has been arrested [ there is no need to publish that unpleasant face! ] http://jacksonville.com/news/crime/2010-10-13/historia/law-disorder-missing-Toddler-found-gym-bag	0
miscegination is a killer for all races. it destroys perfectly good DNA , even nonwhite DNA. we might need our diversity some day to save an entire species. it would be a shame if that DNA was destroyed becasue of some leftist ideal bullsnot	Misunderstanding is the killer of all races, it destroys perfect DNA, even non-white DNA; maybe one day we need our diversity to save the whole species; it would be a shame if DNA was destroyed by some leftist idealists.	1
If they do that , they can do what they want in the privacy of their home .	If they do so, they can do what they want in their private home.	0
Im might be a little late on the subject , but i laughed my ass off when i saw the `` Near East '' WTF is that ?!! lol lmao	IM may have been a little late about the topic, but I laughed my ass when I saw WTF!! lol lmao	0
Sorry but the no child left behind program is bull in my mind , but if people are unintelligent it means they wo n't think for themselves and if they do n't think for themselves they are easier to control. thats pretty much laying down the ground work for for future generations of kids to be obese , corperate sell outs for the government to use .	Sorry, but the fact that there are no children left behind the program is a cow in my head, but if people are ignorant, it means that they don’t think for themselves, and if they do not think for their own, they’re easier to control.	0
I have yet to see a half breed that came out dominantly White .	I have not yet seen a semi-race that is dominant in white.	0
I looked up the same info eariler this evening and that last line was n't there Edit : and it 's not there now .	I searched the eariler of the same information tonight and the last line was not there Edit : It is not there now.	0
They have n't gone to wearing their Fred Perry , boots and braces yet though ......	They didn’t go to wear their Fred Perry, shoes and bracelets, but...	0
Good find .	A good discovery.	0
Its time for the return of Mosley 's blackshirts .	It’s time for Mosley’s t-shirts to return.	0
We have too many foreigners in our country and i fear for the future of all English people .	There are too many foreigners in our country and I am afraid of the future of all the British.	1
His full name is Saylum .	The full name is saylum.	0
Reproducing does ....	Reproduction is...	0
Hi i need some information to understand the meaning of the negrogreek homo and the race-mixer tag of the HELLENIC THREAD .	Hi, I need information to understand the meaning of the Greek homo and the HELLENIC THREAD race mixer tag.	0
BTW , Winchester slugs blew a 1 inch hole in and out .	BTW, Winchester's shells broke a 1 inch hole inside and out.	0
Then you can transfer to Uni from there .	After that you can move from there to the Uni.	0
Our government has been in the practice of tearing down the white race to raise the non white minority races by forcing diversity and multiculturalism down white people 's throats .	Our government is working on the practice of destroying the white race to raise the non-white minority race by pushing diversity and multiculturalism to the white throat.	0
They are kinda a gray brown with either dark hair or some sort of brown hair ?	Do they seem to be gray brown with dark hair or what kind of brown hair?	0
My children are not allowed to even watch it never mind play it .	My kids are not even allowed to watch it, I don’t mind playing it.	0
Those nations are all extremely diverse .	These countries are all very diverse.	0
I still have bottle cages on most of my bikes .	I still have a bottle cage on most of my bicycles.	0
The red scum will never wake up , ignorant lefties fight for `` their class '' when their making a mockery of their culture and heritage . commie scum ..	The red foam will never wake up, the ignorant will fight for "your class" when they mock their culture and heritage.	1
The French N.B communities near Quebec especially would be white to .	The French communities of the N.B near Quebec, especially, would be white.	0
You can forget about the IRA .	You can forget that IRA.	0
This looks like a nice little town ( on paper ) .	It looks like a beautiful city (on paper).	0
Our herp vet is gone til the middle of April , I ca n't wait to get her in and have her checked out .	Our herpes veterinarian has gone until mid-April, I can’t wait to take her inside and have her checked.	0
I would like to know how are the nationalists parties going on in the five countries of this beautiful part of Europe called Scandinavia ?	I want to know how the nationalist parties are going in these five beautiful countries of Europe called Scandinavia.	0
Hey all I 'll be visiting southwest england in a few weeks , pm if you 'd like to get together for a pint if your in the area .	Hi, I’m going to visit South West England in a few weeks if you want to have a meal together if you’re in the area.	0
AFA are their sponsored lackies .	AFA is their sponsor.	0
I live hour south of Regina .	I have lived for an hour from Regina to the south.	0
And they Speak Arabic .	So they speak Arabic.	0
Whites are not all genetic copies of one another .	White is not all genetic copy of each other.	0
Irish men are SOOOOOOO beautiful !!!!	Irish men are beautiful!	0
well, i have been working on something for self defense in one of those situations in which guns have been confiscated. essentially , training with sledgehammer and axe in a shtf moment going old school barbarian might be one 's only hope .	Well, I’ve been doing something for self-defence, and in one of those cases where guns are confiscated, basically, with a pin and axe training, going to the old school barbarism in a moment may be the only hope.	0
A lot of it could be mostly blacks with Hispanics though .	Many of them may be mainly black with Hispanic.	0
Hi, So glad to hear from someone so close .	Hello, I am so happy to hear from someone so near.	0
Look how they try to silence then refuse to speak to a new member who posted it in innocence .	See how they are trying to silence and refuse to talk to the new members who posted it innocently.	0
That is truly sad , I do n't know how anyone could destroy something that is so old .	It’s really sad, I don’t know how anyone can destroy something so old.	0
Cindy	by CINDY	0
UC student robbed at gunpoint : ' It can happen to anybody'	UC students were stolen at a gunpoint: "This could happen to anyone"	0
------------------------------------------------------- Arnold Rüütel , president of Estonia , says his nation is grateful to Icelanders for having the courage of recognizing Estonia 's independance while other countries kept quiet .	Estonian President Arnold Rüütel said his country had the courage to recognize Iceland’s independence while other nations remained silent.	0
hmm, wonder if we can get them to jump in the river if we put an ad on TV that there is billions in gold at the bottom of the river ?	Hmm, if we put on TV ads that there are billions of gold on the bottom of the river, would we be able to get them to jump in?	0
I laughed and laughed at his antics !!! whilst another couple of Pakistani youths celebrate by hitching a temporary ride on a TK Maxx lorry !!!	I laughed at his old story, and laughs!!!While another group of Pakistani youths celebrate with a temporary truck in a TK Maxx truck!!!	0
The above poster is correct when we stop supporting then they 're in terrible danger .	The above posters are right when we stop support, so they are in terrible danger.	0
very interesting video , although I spotted at least one error ; Samhain is celebrated from sunset on October 31st to sunset on November 1st .	Very interesting video, although I found at least one mistake; Samhain celebrates the sunset from October 31 to November 1.	0
Exercise : Get Johnny to pass the football to Jimmy during practice .	Exercise: Give Johnny the football to Jimmy during the practice.	0
The only way to stop it and its followers from spreading is to join a White unity organization and not support democracy by not voting .	The only way to prevent it and its followers from spreading is to join a White Solidarity Organization, rather than by voting for democracy.	1
And it will be leaving it a week before the actual election , I hope you are right but you are the first I 've heard to suggest this .	And it’s going to leave it a week before the real election, I hope you’re right, but you are the first person to hear me suggest this.	0
This is why it is important for us to join together as one group , organize and prepare to fight as an army .	That’s why it’s important for us to unite as a group, to organize ourselves and prepare for the fight as an army.	0
Hmm... let 's try again , viewing by number of asylum seekers per 1,000 population .	Hmm... Let’s try again, let’s look at the number of refugees per 1,000 people.	0
I like this man 's anger and resoluteness.Colud anyone tell where to take the whole footage ?	I like the anger and determination of this guy.Colud let me know where to shoot the whole video?	0
This is precisely the frustration that brings any White person round to white nationalism , so obviously you are in exactly the right place .	This is precisely the frustration that has led white people to white nationalism, so it’s clear that you’re in the right place.	0
Þá var Persaflóastríðið og miklir umbrotatímar í Sovétríkjunum .	After a while, a lot of friends gathered.	2
Joyful times indeed !	Very pleasant time!	0
These two elements in your comment are quite baffling .	These two aspects in your comment are pretty baffling.	0
The Lakota thought the earth was flat ; they never had a concept of other planets until they went to our schools .	The Lakotas thought the Earth was flat, but they never had a concept of another planet until they went to our school.	0
nah man , for me its enough .	Oh man, it is enough for me.	0
Just as there 's a place for Pakis called Pakistan and a place for Negro 's called Africa .	There is a place for Pakistani people called Pakistan, and there is a space for blacks called Africa.	1
Here is the new link to the Youth Corps Page !	Here is the link to the New Youth page.	0
Because Whites are discouraged from breeding .	Because white people were prevented from reproducing.	0
True but to be more accurate it is more a fight between those who are NS and know history and those who are n't NS and do n't have a single bit of interest in non-jewish narrative history .	Indeed, but more accurately, the struggle between those who are NS and those who know history, as well as those who aren’t NS and who don’t have any interest in telling stories to non-	0
Her skin tone is not white to my eyes .	The tone of her skin is not white to my eyes.	0
Thinking about getting a CCW .	Think of a CCW.	0
The only bad thing is that these sick animals will infect whites .	The only bad thing is that these ill animals will infect white people.	1
I wonder how much of this sort of behavior by Gates and his clique of social elites is because humans have an instinct to protect their position once they make `` top dog '' in a hierarchy .	I wonder how much of Gates and his social elite behaviour is, because human beings have an instinct to protect their position once they are "top dogs" at one level.	0
Zulu - Final Attack - YouTube	Zulu – Final Attack – YouTube	0
Brown eyes are the only color of eyes that Blacks and Asians have , outside of any outside breeding .	Brown eyes are the only eye color for blacks and Asians, with the exception of any external reproduction.	0
Agreed.	agreed on.	0
I can pick them out a mile away .	I could pick them out a kilometer away.	0
I would like to have a gun to carry for self defence , but have not done so , as should the gun be found on my person by authorities then gaol would be the outcome .	I wanted to have a gun to hold for self-defense, but I didn’t do so as if the gun was found to me by the authorities, as if it would be the result.	0
The main drawback is the potential for excess mercury .	The main disadvantage is the potential of excess mercury.	0
2508	of 508.	0
My nose has been broken a few times haha .	My nose was broken several times.	0
Sorry for watching such a liberal news channel .	I'm sorry to watch such a free news channel.	0
In the next few weeks I 'm planning to buy a rifle in .308 Win/7.62NATO.	In the coming weeks I plan to buy a.308 Win/7.62NATO rifle.	0
War on Iran in February ( 1 ) ( 1/21/2012 ) In last December I learned that my brother and sisters would have a trip to India and Dubai between Feb. 2 to Feb 15 , 2012 .	The War of Iran on February 1, 2012 (1/21/2012) Last December, I learned that my brothers and sisters would travel to India and Dubai between February 2 and February 15.	0
[quote=BoyHowdy;8475764] QUOTE ] Killed were Joshua Pennington , 27 , of East Earl Township ; Linda Lapp and her husband , Samuel , both 48 and residents of New Holland ; and Amy Wilhelm , 50 , and her husband Dennis `` Butch '' Wilhelm , 43 , of Manheim Township .	The dead were Joshua Pennington, 27, from East Earl Township; Linda Lapp and her husband, Samuel, all 48 and residents of New Holland; and Amy Wilhelm, 50, and her wife, Dennis Butch Wilhelm, 43, from Manheim Townships.	0
Old Tarzan movies , `` Zulu '' , and `` King Kong '' have many such images .	Old Tarzan films, “Zulu” and “King Kong” have a lot of such images.	0
[ UPDATED : ] Bessie Whyman , OC Homicide No. 3 : 84-Year-Old Robbed , Tortured and Murdered - Orange County News - Navel Gazing	[ Updated: ] Bessie Whyman, OC Murder No. 3: 84-year-old Violence, Torture and Murder - Orange County News - Navel Gazing	0
I have a report somewhere called Allied Intrigue in the Low Countries and I seem to remember understanding a bit more .	I have somewhere a report called Allied Intrigue in the Low Countries and I think I remember to understand a little more.	0
The name of the village was changed to Dramastein , during the Third Reich , today it is called Kamieniec in Poland .	The village's name was changed during the Third Reich to Dramastein, today it's called Kamieniec in Poland.	0
A fine shirt it is .	This is a nice shirt.	0
This is a picture of my youngest cat ( Cheeto ) hanging out with my oldest dog ( Nebbie ) .	This is a picture of my youngest cat (Cheeto) going out with an older dog (Nebbie).	0
LOL GJ brother 10 points for the Uber humans and - 10 for the sub human ape creatures you are truly one bad mofo whitey crakker man	LOL GJ brother 10 points for humans Uber and - 10 for sub-human monkey creatures you're really a bad white crakker man	1
I noticed a lot of fat little white girls with monkey boyfriends .	I noticed a lot of small white fat girls with monkey friends.	1
I have many of her CDs - saw her a Lisner years ago UTE LEMPER ~ The Case Continues - YouTube I have every CD from this band Dead Can Dance - the wind that shakes the barley - YouTube Dead Can Dance - Yulunga - YouTube as well as her solo ones â `` Soundtrack - Gladiator - Now We Are Free ( with lyric ) .flv - YouTube Lisa Gerrard - Sacrifice - YouTube	I have a lot of his CDs - I saw it a Lisner years ago UTE LEMPER ~ The Case Continues - YouTube I have all the CDs from this group Dead Can Dance - the wind that shakes the barley - YouTube Dead Can dance - Yulunga - YouTube as well as his solo â `` Soundtrack - Gladiator - Now We Are Free ( with lyric ).flv - YouTube Lisa Gerrard - Sacrifice - YouTube	0
Or call us on 085 2455043 between 9am to 10pm , Mon to Sat. Thank you , Michael Quinn .	Or call us at 085 2455043 between 9 a.m. and 10 p.m., Mon to Sat.	0
Finns mixed with swedes and got blond hair and blue eyes , but ethnical finn look like tatar : dark hair , dark eyes , short height , round face .	The Finns mixed with the Swedes and had blonde hair and blue eyes, but the ethnic Finns resemble the Tatar: dark hair, dark eyes.	0
God Bless	blessed God	0
Kiss and make up kids , the real enemy is on our streets raping our women .	Kiss and have children, the real enemy is in our streets, raping our women.	0
And I guess there 's nothing wrong in it .	And I think there is nothing wrong with it.	0
This thread is for answering questions related to NS , that 's all .	This topic is to answer questions related to the NS, that’s all.	0
I would like to hear this .	I would love to hear that.	0
There is no requirement of circumcision found in the NT .	There are no circumcision requirements found in NT.	0
I would rather have a white person with a high school diploma from an all white high school teach a kid to read than a negro with a college degree not teach a kid to read even while getting paid to do so .	I prefer a white person who graduated from a white high school to teach a child to read than a black person who has a college degree teaches a boy.	1
Azer Syria Georgia Greece .	Azerbaijan in Syria in Greece.	0
You can still bring that to the attention of local media and civil society groups .	You can still bring this to the attention of the local media and groups of civil society.	0
Thanks , Scott	And thank you Scott.	0
A `` holocaust '' .	The Holocaust.	0
The jews media will never report on this incident or any kind of incident like this ever.Wake up White people we have a black on White crime problem and it is going to get a lot worse .	The Jewish media will never report on these incidents or such incidents.Wake up white people we have black on white crime issues and it will be much worse.	0
Regurgitation of good info is better than ingestion of jewish-disinformation .	The repetition of good information is better than the consumption of Jewish ignorance.	1
For all of liberals ' ranting about tribalism , they behave in a very tribal manner themselves .	Because all liberals are mocking tribalism, they themselves behave in a very tribal way.	1
I have a total of four dollars invested in decorations .	I had $4 invested in decoration.	0
Does anybody else experience this ?	Is anyone else experiencing this?	0
No is not bad and you should never lower your self to their level of self denial and blindness .	There is no bad thing, and you should never lower yourself to the level of self-denial and blindness.	0
Lots Of Beautiful White German Women !	A lot of beautiful German women.	0
I'm a student at U of A ; God only knows how I got in and why i go to school .	I am a student at U A and only God knows how I got into school and why did I go to school.	0
Or is that impractical for some reason I dont know .	Or it’s unpractical for some reason that I don’t know.	0
It is a noble idea but I would rather stay here in mostly white Missouri then move to 35 % black South Carolina .	It’s a noble idea, but I’d rather stay here, in most white Missouri, and then move to 35 percent black South Carolina.	0
AND have you ever watched what they are watching ?	Have you ever seen what they're watching?	0
It was no accident .	It wasn't an accident.	0
There must be much less whites and much more blacks and Jews than what the statistics tell us .	There must be no less white people than the statistics tell us, and there must be more blacks and Jews.	0
I do n't even watch TV anymore , the constant anti-White bias just made it completely not worth my while .	I’m not even watching television anymore, and the constant anti-white confusion just makes it absolutely not worth my time.	0
You have to check around to see what is avaialble in your area within your desired field of study .	You need to check around you to see what is avaialable in your area in your desired area of study.	0
in a crisis , it wont matter. people will have to join us or face death at the hands of non-whites. its that simple. without the media and schools feeding them lies , they will have nothing to go on by except for real world encounters and cold truth .. and thats when our numbers will get large .	In times of crisis, it doesn’t matter, people will have to join us, or face death in non-white hands, which is simple, without the lies that the media and schools feed on them, they have nothing but real-world encounters and cold truths.	0
I do get my Theirs , theres and they 're , mixed up sometimes but i was educated under Labours rule so i cant be completly to blame .	I have my Theirs, theres, and they are sometimes mixed but I have been trained according to the rules of work so I can feel completely guilty.	0
Im proud of my heritage .	I am proud of my legacy.	0
Also , most Swedes at least get MTV and Eurosport .	Also, most Swedish people get at least MTV and Eurosport.	0
I have a summer job all planed out and im goin to 10th next year .	I have a summer job that’s all planned and I’m going until the next 10th year.	0
Good luck ! 11	Good luck to you! 11.	0
If that is not genocide , what is ?	If this is not racism, what is it?	0
I taught my son when he was 12 .	I taught my child when he was 12.	0
It contradicts his statement that races dont exist .	It is contrary to his statement that races do not exist.	0
Do you post at VNN ?	Are you posting on VNN?	0
In the meantime consider this ....	In the meantime, we are considering this...	0
This is because much of the disenfranchisement is by way of destroying White cultural identity and pride .	This is because most of the de-franchization is by the destruction of cultural identity and white pride.	0
i know some may disagree with me but this man is one of my hero 's we need some guys like this over here now	I know some people may disagree with me, but this guy is one of my heroes, we need guys like that here now.	0
BTW TY for the compliment .	Thanks for your compliment.	0
Not a damned thing she can do about it .	It’s not the shit she can do.	0
We dont care about Alaska while it is not white land .	We don’t care about Alaska, even though it’s not a white land.	0
Imagine this as a pro Romney video with Ted Nugent in a black family 's home screaming at them to wake the bleep up .	Imagine this as a professional Romney video where Ted Nugent screams at a black family home.	0
--Richard O 'Mara , `` The Unapologetic Tourist , '' New York Times , November 21 , 1999 Lambent is from the present participle of Latin lambere , `` to lick . ''	--Richard O'Mara, "The Unapologetic Tourist", "New York Times, 21 November 1999 Lambent is the current participle of the Latin lambere, "to smooth".	0
It is located here : http://www.teachers.tv / .	It is located here: www.teachers.tv/	0
Good luck !	Have good luck!	0
Myself unfortunately I was never there , but my friend goes every year and she says it is great .	To myself, unfortunately, I’ve never been there, but my friend goes every year and she says it’s wonderful.	0
It was probably written by a 15 year old .	Probably it was written by a 15-year-old.	0
Amen .	by Amen.	0
You are the one telling the story .	You're the one who tells the story.	0
Hello !	Welcome to!	0
Maybe H & K did not realize that blacks do n't buy firearms , they steal them .	Maybe H&K didn’t realize that black people were not buying guns, they were stealing them.	1
All of those things you list are personal reasons .	All of the reasons you have mentioned are personal reasons.	0
I love the home school idea and very much admire parents who care enough about their children to make the commitment necessary for it to succeed .	I love the idea of home school and I greatly admire the parents who take care of their children enough to make the commitment necessary to make it a success.	0
Since the eleventh letter of the alphabet is K , 3 Ks = Ku Klux Klan .	Because the 11th letter of the alphabet is K, 3 Ks = Ku Klux Klan.	0
Never heard of them , but give me a few of their song titles so I can download and have a listen .	I’ve never heard of them, but please give me some of their songs titles so that I can download and listen.	0
It was great reading all your input .	It was nice to read all your contributions.	0
He s a cool dude !!	He is a very cool guy!!	0
This is your typical Afrikaans music .	This is my typical African music.	0
They do it not because of their nationalism but rather due to their hatred of Russians .	They do this not because of their nationalism, but because of the hatred they have for the Russians.	0
Many nazis just sit on their asses , drink beer and watch TV .	Many Nazis just sat on their ass, drank beer, and watched TV.	0
Note that I ca n't guarantee that later editions of this book have such ( or even any ) coverage of word problems .	Note: I do not guarantee that later versions of this book have coverage for such (or any) word problems.	0
When I was a kid I cut his grass for a few quid ; I found a s * * t load of cans in his shed so I ran off and got p * * * ed : I don t feel so bad about nicking those cans now .	When I was a child, I cut his grass a few pieces; I found a bunch of pots in his warehouse, so I ran out and got p***ed: I don’t feel so bad now.	0
No, it 's not possible .	No, this is not possible.	0
No wonder Black dudes go for White chicks - they only have to punch them a few times to knock them out !	No wonder black people go for white chickens - they have to beat them a few times!	1
I put that they were good for White youth .	I said they were good for the White youth.	0
Jesus even said to their face that they are the sons of satan .	Jesus even told them that they were sons of Satan.	0
Kids can log-in with their parent ( s ) every day and follow online courses ...	Children can log in with their parents every day and take online courses...	0
Well I could give you another word for the female version of that part of the anatomy it begins with a C ends with a T and has the letters UN in between , but the language filters wo n't let me	Well, I can give you another word to represent that part of the female version of anatomy, it starts with C, ends with T, and has the letter UN in the middle, but the language filter wo n doesn't let me	0
The design is by : http://www.tumbleweedhouses.com/pages/about However the one you show is nice , too	The design is: http://www.tumbleweedhouses.com/pages/ about But what you show is nice.	0
I saw Edwards on some TV show not long ago .	I saw Edward on television a long time ago.	0
But the dance itself has elements also found it Bulgaria .	But the dance itself also has the elements it has found in Bulgaria.	0
I for one plan to hang the last jew with the guts of the last capitalist .	I am in favor of a plan to hang the last Jew with the minds of the last capitalist.	1
Yes they did , the Jews claimed that Jesus got his power from the devil to heal people of their illnesses .	Yes, the Jews claim that Jesus received his power from the devil to heal people from their diseases.	0
Ever notice the way the mechanisations of the state , always side with their anti-fascist NWO goffers ?	Have you ever noticed that the mechanization of the state is always on the side of the anti-fascist NWO golfers?	0
There are multitudes of great people here and a hearty welcome from my us all !	There are so many wonderful people here, and it is a warm welcome from all of us!	0
Kids in school get school socialization , homeschooled kids get socialized in the real world .	Children in school receive socialization at school, children in school at home socialize in the real world.	0
This is the youth Section , and you 're friend having sex with multiple ppl ?	This is a teen section, and you are a friend who has sex with a lot of ppl?	0
- YouTube The map of the captured territories .	- YouTube map of the occupied territory.	0
I would like to say and I can proudly say that there are no jews in Iceland , those that tried to get here were all sent back to Germany ...	I would say, and I can proudly say, that there are no Jews in Iceland, and those who tried to come here were sent back to Germany.	1
Looked like it was 6 inches tall ; but I saw it .	It seemed to be 6 inches tall, but I saw it.	0
They should be proud of their race They can admire us if they want but they should be proud of who they are	They should be proud of their race, and if they want, they can appreciate us, but they should be very proud of who they are.	0
I just took that test .	I just took this test.	0
They will be coming to your area to live soon.E-mail our minister of intergraton and thank him for his good work.Attachment 78265	They will come to your area to stay soon. e-mail our head of intergraton and thank him for his good work.	0
Go to any major retail mall , the Kitchener farmers market , etc , and its absolutely teeming with non whites ( asians , blacks , hispanics , muslims of all colours , and God knows what else ) and race mixers , and yes I hate to say this but from what I saw the other day many more white women doing the race mixing than white men .	Go to any major retail store, cook farmers market, and so on, it’s absolutely full of non-whites (Asians, blacks, Spaniards, Muslims of all colors, God knows what) and racial mixers, yes, I hate to say so, but from the other day I’ve seen more white women do racial mixes than white men.	1
IKA Klansmen	by Ika Klansman	0
Shoot me a Private Message if nearby and interested , thanks .	Send me a private message if you are close and interested, thank you.	0
Has this situation changed that much ??	Does this situation have changed so much??	0
In america we have hate crime laws .	There are hate crime laws in the United States.	0
Welcome to the forum .	Welcome at the forum.	0
Graphic YouTube - Video Jamaica Stay Wallin Rasta Man Chops Taxi Man With A Machette In Broad Daylight !	Video Jamaica Stay Wallin Rasta Man Chopes Taxi Man With A Machette In Broad Daylight!	0
If it goes against the official story then that is Holocaust Denial and she must serve time in modern gulag .	If it is opposed to the official story, it is a rejection of the Holocaust, and she must serve the time in the modern Gulag.	0
And it 's not my fault the BNP is run by a gangster .	And it is not my fault that the BNP is managed by the gangster.	0
I live in a large American city and it has gotten so bad that it is to the point where we are not just a minority .	I live in a big American city, and it is so bad at the point that we are not just a minority.	1
And in a smaller scales Swedes , Polish , Nowegians etc. in the same area .	And, in a small scale, the Swedish, Polish, Nowegian, etc. in the same region.	0
Maybe H & K was impressed by his rap video ?	Maybe H&K was impressed with his rap video?	0
Wow this policy of prosecuting people for offending liberals is disgusting .	Wow, this policy of prosecuting those who insult liberals is disgusting.	0
Hispanic and Negro populations in that county ?	Black and black people in the area.	3
In my opinion this whole gay thing is fashionable now because of the media who constantly force it down your throat .	In my opinion, all this gay thing is now in fashion because of the media constantly forcing it into your throat.	0
Well that 's your misery I hope this will help : 1 m = 100 cm 1000 mm 1 " = 25,40 mm = 2,54 cm = 0,0254 m 1 ' = 304,48 mm = 30,48 cm = 0,3048 m 1 ' = 12 `` Then ... start calculating	Well that's your misery I hope this will help : 1 m = 100 cm 1000 mm 1 " = 25.40 mm = 2.54 cm = 0.0254 m 1'= 304.48 mm = 30.48 cm = 0.3048 m 1' = 12 '' Then... begin calculating	0
We will all be sitting in around in filth waiting for death .	We will all sit in the dirt and wait for death.	0
Did they put that Groid 15 next to Rooney just to make Rooney look at least half-human ?	Did they put the 15 people next to Ronnie, just to make Ronnie look at least half a person?	1
https : //www.stormfront.org/forum/group.php ? groupid = 257	HTTPS : //www.stormfront.org/forums/group.php? groupid = 259	0
Thank you so much for the PLE link !	So much thanks for the PLE link!	0
I do n't like how you say far greater than your own white blood relatives but there is nothing wrong in being polite to them of course .	I don’t like the way you talk much bigger than your own white relatives, but of course there’s nothing wrong with being kind to them.	0
It's funny to see a guy make fun of us and call us dumb rednecks when he spells on a 5th grade level .	It’s fun to see what a guy jokes about us and calls us a stupid red collar when he says what he wrote at the fifth grade level.	0
He is a pathetic little chimp .	He's a pathetic small chimp.	1
lol I dont know I just saw somewhere that Franklin was a forbidden name ... thanx I try to search on google ...	lol I don’t know I’ve seen anywhere that Franklin was a forbidden name... thanx I’m trying to search on google...	0
These ' people ' are just scum .	Those “people” are just scum.	1
Apart from that , only a small number of SF members are placed on moderation from time to time .	In addition, only a small number of SF members are occasionally placed in moderation.	0
A Storm is Brewing on the Horizon -- Will Obama Declare Martial Law Before 2016 ?	A storm breaks out on the horizon - Will Obama declare a law of war before 2016?	0
Strange more people ca n't see the problem !	It is strange that more people do not see the problem.	0
At 2 : 30 , I was ready TO GO !	At 2:30 I was ready to leave.	0
Guess what I got for new years .	Find out what I have for the new years.	0
My family is falling apart .	My family has fallen apart.	0
When it comes to black jack the Chinese have no problem with the dealer showing a 4 , they 'll even split a pair of fours funny huh	When it comes to Blackjack, the Chinese do not have any trouble with the dealer showing 4, they will even split a fun hole pair.	0
I ca n't imagine schools being able to teach the slower or disruptive kids geographic locations plus have time to get to these specifics .	I can’t imagine that schools can teach geographical locations to children who are slower or more confused and have time to access these specific points.	0
I 'd imagine trying to live there as a white nationalist would be extremely hard .	I would imagine it would be extremely difficult to live there as a white nationalist.	0
yeah i saw it. but i was a hardcore wigger when i used to play vice city 24/7. i paid no attention to it when i saw it. but its cool you found it	Yes, I’ve seen it, but when I play Vice City 24/7 I’m a hardcore wigger and I didn’t notice it when I saw it.	0
Also : Student , underholdes af faderen ( Student of ... ? )	Also: Student, interviewer af faderen (Student of...?)	0
Video demonstrating how to handle front tire blow-outs .	Video that shows how to handle the blow-outs of the front tires.	0
The Jews of today have only been a `` race '' since about 1000 AD called Jews .	Today’s Jews are just a “race” called Jews since about 1,000 BC.	0
There is no expectation of privacy in public , so taking their pictures is legal .	There are no expectations of privacy in public, so taking your photos is legal.	0
It 's another way to destroy Hungarians on top of promoting * * * * * * music , race mixing and pornography .	It is another way of destroying Hungarians, in addition to promoting music, racial mixing and pornography.	1
White babies are by far our nation 's most precious resource .	White babies are the most valuable resource in our country.	0
I 'm thinking he would look slightly out of place in the ghetto , but hey that 's just my opinion .	I think he would look a bit out of the ghetto, but that’s just my opinion.	0
Readers are encouraged to go to Websites for information on costs and financial aid offered by these excellent schools .	Readers are encouraged to go to the website for information about the costs and financial support offered by these great schools.	0
--------------- > Again the same average person without special education , can understand 40 % of the text of the Iliad written in Archaic Ionian Greek approximately two thousand nine hundred years ago .	Again, the same average person without special education can understand 40% of the Elliard text written in Alexandria Greece about two thousand and nine hundred years ago.	0
I live near Battle Ground , WA and Vancouver , WA Seems like more wiggers and minority supporters around town , standing for leftist B.S. Would n't mind knowing some people out here again .	I live in the nearby battlefields, WA and Vancouver, and WA looks like there are more fanatics and minority supporters around the city, representing the left-wing B.S. I’t mind meeting some people again.	0
Their gods often had pale skin and blue eyes but I suppose literacy is n't valued highly by their cultural intelligencia .	Their gods often had blue skin and blue eyes, but I believe that literature is not highly appreciated by their cultural intelligence.	1
Roger Waters & Eddie Vedder - Comfortably Numb - 12-12-12 Sandy Relief Concert at MSG - YouTube	Roger Waters and Eddie Vedder – Comfortably Numb – 12-12-12 Sandy Relief Concert at MSG – YouTube	0
YouTube - Brussels on 9/11 : For a free Europe , against Islamization	Brussels on 9/11: For a free Europe, against Islamisation	1
THEY ARE NOT ODD !!!!	You are not crazy!!	0
Holland 's Got Talent - Amira ( 9 ) sings opera O Mio Babbina Caro - Full version - YouTube	The Dutch Talent - Amila (9) singing opera O Mio Babbina Caro - Full version - YouTube	0
Renoir was a French artist .	Renoir is a French artist.	0
The white churches ' billboards look like lunch break at the UN .	The white church signs look like lunch breaks at the United Nations.	0
This is great !	That is great!	0
You see a ripped guy like that and wonder why that sexy type of woman would n't go out with internet warrior nerds like you ?	You see a guy like this and you wonder why this kind of sexy woman will not come out with nerds internet warriors like you?	0
Please join the discussions first before posting your pictures .	Please participate in the conversations before posting your photos.	0
Nope.	and NOPE!	0
Seriously, this guy is VERY primitive even for a Black .	Seriously speaking, this guy is very primitive, even black.	1
The Church of Ireland Archbishop of Dublin has called for an amnesty for immigrants who have been in Ireland for five years or more without their status being resolved .	The Archbishop of Dublin of the Church of Ireland has called for amnesty for immigrants who have stayed in Ireland for more than five years without resolving their status.	0
ok, so do we need to kill them too or are the slavs okay ? for some reason whenever i hear the word slav , the word slobber comes to mind and i picture a slobbering half breed creature like the humpback of notre dame or Igor haha	OK, do I have to kill them too or are slaves good? for some reason, every time I hear the word slave, the word slobber comes to mind and I imagine a creature of half-race sinking like the	1
I 'm 75 % Italian ( Alpine ) and 25 % Finnish ( Nordic ) .	I am 75 percent Italian (Alps) and 25 percent Finnish (Nordic).	0
Glory To all our Valiant British Brothers & Sisters !	Congratulations to all our brave British brothers and sisters!	0
So how good did this guy have it .	How well did this man do?	0
If I may add something I 'd say that asians like blacks mostly .	If I could add something, I would say that most of the Asian people are black.	0
[ 85.362 ] [ 228.275 ]	[25] [26] [27] [29] [30] [20] [28]	0
But if I could chose my eye colour it definitely would be Green	But if I could choose my eye color, it would definitely be green.	0
well, that 's very good for you. here in Europe that 's basically a dream .	Well, that’s very good for you, in Europe, it’s basically a dream.	0
From 1860 to 1990 Canada had brought in over 200,000 immigrants a total of 9 times .	Between 1860 and 1990, Canada received more than 200,000 immigrants nine times.	0
Well...here's what we 're up to : YANKEE _ JIM $ 100.00 Octavian $ 20.00 bigguy $ 20.00 Flax $ 300.00 Umberto $ 25.00 Cabal _ 88 $ 10.00 Gauleiter $ 20.00 Florida88 $ 10.00 -------- Total so far = $ 505.00 ADDED 9/30 Awake777 $ 20.00 JD ( Hyde Park , NY ) $ 10.00 Iconoclast14 $ 32.00 R-I-Z-Z-O ( Whitelion ) $ 30.00 DRC ( Florida ) $ 25.00 DH ( Maryland ) $ 25.00 Lawdog $ 25.00 Bamaman $ 10.00 Scipio Americanus $ 10.00 ------------------ $ 187.00 New total = $ 692.00 ADDED 10/01 Yankee Jim $ 25.00 ------------------------ New total = $ 717.00 ADDED 10/11 VM ( NA TN member ) $ 10.00 DH ( NA Maryland member ) ANOTHER $ 20.00 !	Now...here is what we are up to : YANKEE _ JIM $ 100.00 Octavian $ 20.00 bigguy $ 20.00 Flax $ 300.00 Umberto $ 25.00 Cabal _ 88 $ 10.00 Gauleiter $ 20.00 Florida88 $ 10.00 -------- Total to now = $ 505.00 ADDED 9/30 Awake777 $ 20.00 JD ( Hyde Park, NY ) $ 10.00 Iconoclast14 $ 32.00 R-I-Z-Z ( Whitelion ) $ 30.00 DRC ( Florida ) $ 24.00 DH ( Maryland ) $ 22.00 Law Dog $ 25.00.	0
That 's your real religion and you worship that false god above everything else every day .	It is your true religion, and you worship the false gods every day above everything else.	1
twylytegrl-again , I live in SB , I almost went to that faire , send me a pm ?	twylytegrl-again, I live in SB, I went almost to this fair, send me a pm?	0
TY!	and you!	0
Great news that in numbers we can accomplish everything , and anything .	The good news is that in numbers, we can accomplish anything, and anything.	0
I feel that I want to practice ...	I think I want to practice...	0
Home schooling if feesible since , they must not only master the social sciences etc ... but als be able to be profiecent in the arts including music theory.Social skills and graces along w/public speaking.Weapon , hunting , survival , building , self-defense , exsplosives/bomb making & deactivation , codes , langauges , counter-intelligence , interogation , re-programing/minds and above all else always behave as a little kid ! Gotchya-this can all be accomplished through father and son/daughter communication starting at a young age and progressing untill the late teen years following dads clues/guidance.Learned behavior-especially since children tend to emulate the role model and mold them 'selves accordingly to thier parent of whom they love very much and want to please .	If home training is charged, they must not only master social sciences... but also be able to become experts in the arts, including music theory.W / public speech with social skills and grace.Arms, hunting, survival, building, self-defense, explosives / bomb making & disabling, code, langauges, mass information, investigation, reprogramming / mind and above all always act like a small child!Gotchya-all of this can be done through communication between father and son/daughter from an early age and continues to the late teens, following father's hints/instructions.I've learned dad's actions.	0
Onward !	Go forward!	0
I wonder if he has red eyes then he must be from Transylvania , we must have a red eyed leader , maybe you ...	If he has red eyes, he must be from Transylvania, we must have a red eye leader.	0
And some people say that the Klan is n't doing anything today to make a difference .	And some say that the Klan does nothing today to make a difference.	0
Lo and behold , up popped The Beer thread .	Looking at it, the beer trade emerged.	0
Thanks for putting this up .	Thank you for putting it up.	0
Yes but most are not even brown or tanned .	Yes, but most are neither brown nor tanned.	0
......according to DUP Northern Ireland minister , Nelson McCausland : Northern Ireland minister calls on Ulster Museum to promote creationism | Politics | The Guardian Hmm .	According to Northern Ireland Minister Nelson McCausland, the Northern Irish Minister is calling on the Ulster Museum to promote creationism.	0
A lot of white women are trying to create danger by drawing these other people into our countries .	Many white women are trying to create a danger by attracting these other people to our countries.	1
Projects from 1800s early 1900s Project of the State Duma ( Contest of 1905-1906 ) , by Vladimir Vasilyevich Suslov ( July 25 , 1857 August 1921 ; Владимир Васильевич Суслов ) Country House Church , by M. Kuzmin Country House Project of Tsar 's Pavillion in Polytechnic Fair in Moscow , 1872 , by Dmitry Nikolaevich Chichagov ( September 3 , 1835 July 4 , 1894 ; Дмитрий Николаевич Чичагов ) ?	Projects from the 1800s to the early 1900s Project of the State Duma (Concours of 1905-1906), by Vladimir Vasilyevich Suslov (25 July, 1857 August 1921; Vladimir Vasilevich Суслов ) Church of the countryside, by Mr. Kuzmin Project of landscape house of the tsar's pavilion at the Moscow Polytechnic Fair, 1872, by Dmitry Nikolaevich Chichagov (3 September, 4 July 1835, 1894; Dmitri Nikolaev)	0
Watch out Finland : http://www.nettavisen.no/servlets/pa ... = 3 & item = 217373 : attack	View Finland: http://www.nettavisen.no/servlet/pa...=3 & item = 217373: Attack	0
Many many religious people are just following their programming , mixed in with a little personal interpretation and maybe a voice or two in their heads .	Many religious people follow their programming, mixed with some personal interpretation and a voice or two in their heads.	0
Our enemies have used RACE against us and are currently trying to destroy our RACE through a variety of different means .	Our enemies have used RACE against us and are currently trying to destroy our RACE by various means.	1
Another regional administration was capture - Vinnytsya. ?????????? ?????????? ???????	Another local administration has been captured - Vinnytsya.???????????????	0
Kettledrummer Elo Sambo Prussian Life Guard Hussars	Kettledrummer Sambo Persian Life Guard Hussars	0
Mound of Misshapened Aluminum ?	The Lost Aluminium?	0
Stupid whites wo n't complain about their own affirmative action persecution for fear of being called racists - of all illogical things .	The stupid white people do not complain of their own alleged actions of persecution, because they fear being called racists - all the unreasonable things.	0
And they are both singers in Leaves Eyes .	Both of them are singers with distant eyes.	0
Even when the rest of the world has daggers ready to strike at your heart , you still show them kindness ..	Even when the whole world is ready to hit your heart, you still show them kindness.	0
I was on web site not long ago checking into buying land in eastern europe while its still cheap , and not in the hands of other races. it looks like a good investment. and more importantly one way of keeping europe white helping to prevent our extintion .	I recently checked on the site to buy Eastern Europe land, and it was still cheap, rather than in the hands of other races, it seemed to be a good investment, and more importantly, keeping Europe white helps prevent our extinction.	0
Such a shame that our government cares more about looking good in front the world then it does about the safty of its people .	So shameful that our government is more concerned with looking good in front of the world than with sweetness to its people.	0
Handyman admits to killing at least 8 Mass. women Bookmark this story for the next time some ignorant apologist for Negro crime claims that only white men are serial killers .	Handyman admitted to killing at least eight mass women remembering the story, the next time some ignorant black crime advocates claimed that only white men were serial killers.	0
Strange that it is not allowed to clip the tail from dog , but it is allowed to clip 8 days old boys forskin ? 2508	Strangely, it is not allowed to cut the ass from a dog, but can you cut the 8 day old boy Forskin?	0
Hope it 's as fast as it looks because it will have to be fast .	I hope it will be as fast as it seems because it will need to be fast.	0
The chairman of the FA is one David Bernstein and , yes , he is a member of a certain tribe that delight in bringing diversity and the benefits of multi-culturalism and ' anti-racism ' , along with boatloads of third-worlders to Britain .	The FA chairman was David Bernstein, yes, he was a member of a tribe who liked to bring the benefits of diversity and multiculturalism and “anti-racism,” as well as shipping Third World people to Britain.	1
No, I call it hypocrisy and it goes against what you and your peers preach .	No, I call it hypocrisy and it is contrary to what you and your companions preach.	0
I am looking for Brothers and Sisters to hang out with .	I am looking for the brothers and sisters to go with me.	0
In fact , the cosmic jellyfish is part of bubble-shaped supernova remnant IC 443 , the expanding debris cloud from a massive star that exploded .	In fact, the cosmic jellyfish is part of the remainder of the supernova in the form of the bull IC 443, the expanding cloud of remains of a massive star that exploded.	0
``Whiteteacher puts Negro in his place ! ''	“The White Teacher puts the Negro in his place.”	0
Oh yeah , no mugshot picture on the page of course , you have to watch the video report to find out it was yet another case of TNB .	Oh, yes, there is no image on the page, of course, you have to look at the video report to find out that it was another case of TNB.	1
Here is one : YouTube - Grußwort von Matthias Faust ( DVU ) auf dem NPD-Parteitag 2010	You are here: YouTube - Grußwort von Matthias Faust (DVU) auf dem NPD-Parteitag 2011	0
Nice to know that are still a few men out there who `` have a pair '' .	It’s great to know that there are a few men who still “have a couple.”	0
Now that the little troll is no longer going to nip at my pant 's leg , lets now look at the platform :	Now the little trolls will no longer wet on the legs of my pants, and now let’s take a look at the platform:	0
Should n't they be fluffing your pillows and feeding you grapes while they watch that football game ??	Would they not need to remove your feet and feed you with seeds while they watch this football game??	0
Alot of blue missing but it always goes bang and fits in my pants pocket better than my Taurus tip up .	A lot of blue is gone, but it always fits better in my pants pocket than my Taurus tips.	0
Its only a matter of time until we become a hell hole like Sweden or the UK .	It’s just a matter of time until we’re a hell hole like Sweden or Britain.	1
Any suggestions ?	Some kind of proposal?	0
Maybe spread some HATE and intolerance ?	It may spread hatred and intolerance.	1
My father 's sister had blonde hair and light blue eyes .	My father’s sister had blond hair and blue eyes.	0
Sir Thomas Lawrence .	by Sir Thomas Laurence.	0
I was at a gas station last week , A guy came up to me too fast and too close and I almost went for my knife but at the last second I could see he meant no harm , then he asked for directions .	I was at a gas station last week, and a man came to me so fast that he came too close and I almost went to get a knife, but at the last moment I realized he didn’t mean any harm.	0
Do you mean this one ?	Does this mean one?	0
For a book on algebraic word problems , look at Thurman Peterson 's `` Intermediate Algebra for College Students '' ( revised edition , 1954 ) .	For a book on the algorithmic word issue, see Thurman Peterson's "Middle Academic Task" (modified, 1954).	0
Thank You .	thank you	0
Now i just dont know what to do or think anymore .	Now I just don’t know what to do or what to think about.	0
Heil , 14/88	Summary of: 14 / 88	0
What are the major fish and game species of the region ?	What are the main fish and fish species in the region?	0
I was a substitute teacher for the Jackson Mississippi Public School System in the late 1990 's .	I was an alternate teacher in the Jackson Mississippi public school system in the late 1990s.	0
Had another great meet this weekend and was able to meet some new people .	We had a great meeting this weekend and we were able to meet new people.	0
I wanted to shoot myself when I was there .	I just wanted to shoot myself while I was there.	0
I have SeaMonkey open right now , I 've had it on my computer for about a week now , but I just ca n't get used to using it .	I’m opening SeaMonkey now, and I’ve had it on my computer for about a week, but I am not used to using it.	0
June 6 , 2010 6 : 20 p.m. EDT See full article : Mississippi man faces sixth capital murder trial in 1996 shootings - CNN.com	June 6, 2010 at 6:20 pm EDT View Full article : Mississippi men face the sixth massacre in 1996 - CNN.com	0
Hi All Are there any women in Texas who are proud of their race ?	Are there any women in Texas that are proud of their race?	0
YouTube - Ukraine in WW2	YouTube – Ukraine in the WW2	0
it is down to the EU.we have no say anymore on any piece of scum coming into the country as long as they have an EU passport	We no longer have to say about any piece that enters the country as long as they have a European passport.	1
What is worse , is the fact that they are allowed to bring their violent chaos to our beloved homelands , and contaminate the minds of our children !	The worst thing is that they are allowed to bring their violent chaos into our beloved homeland and to contaminate the thoughts of our children!	0
Also if your intrested check out our webpage for more info on our european american town we are building !	Additionally, if you are interested, please visit our website for more information about our European American city that we build!	0
One day I have seen it on EBay , but I 'm not sure about authenticity of the mask .	One day I saw it on eBay, but I'm not sure about the authenticity of the mask.	0
I came to terms with that and the fact that they are better with a spear than I will ever be .	I agreed with the fact and the fact that they do better with nails than I do.	0
http://www.freep.com/news/education/...7_20040417.htm We need to help .	HTTP://www.freep.com/news/education/....7_20040417.htm We need to help.	0
However , on a per-capita basis , the bureau reported that Flint , Michigan was more dangerous than the two larger cities .	But on a per capita basis, the agency that Flint, Michigan, is more dangerous than the two major cities.	0
In my mind it 's not even close to being obselete , I believe it is a symbol of the white race and it 's fight to save itself in this sick and twisted multicult world we live in .	I believe it is a symbol of the white race and it is the struggle to save ourselves in this sick and twisted multicultural world in which we live.	0
My wife showed me a Kibble 's - n - Bits commercial last night wherein a mixed couple was presented as `` normal . ''	My wife showed me Kibble’s – n – Bits ad last night, in which a mixed pair was presented as “normal.”	1
The poor sod was srceaming the whole time .	The poor have suffered all the time.	0
If they want to fire all these leftist moonbats and replace them with genuine White conservatives , I 'm all for it .	If they want to remove all these left-wing moonbats and replace them with real white conservatives, I’ll do it.	1
I 'm going to carefully study it so hopefully I 'll have some decent input to contribute .	I will study it carefully, so I hope I will make some decent contributions.	0
Let us know when you 've joined and we can give you another well-deserved cheer .	Let us know when you’ve joined and we can give you another well deserved joy.	0
Spanish is NOT their language !	Spanish isn't their language!	0
They sleep on dirty floors in dirty houses with their dirty kids eating off dirty plates driving in dirty cars sitting at dirty tables with their dirty manners and dirty way of talking dirty way of living they wear dirty clothes have dirty smiles and are all-around dirty nasty people .	They sleep on the dirty floor of a dirty house, their dirty children eat on dirty plates, drive in dirty cars, sit at dirty tables, talk dirty ways, they wear dirty clothes, have dirty smiles, and all around are dirty ugly people.	0
I also have some acne on the side of my face I hide it with my long hair .	I also have a bit of acne on the side of my face, I hide it with my long hair.	0
Toy Crane Commercial | BMO Harris Bank - YouTube	Toughened Laminated Safety Glass – BMO Harris Bank – YouTube	0
a few times ive been told to make kids. i said i have no one to make them with. now i have someone but we do not feel ready to have kids. i belive in quality over quantity. so we would have maybe 2 to 4 .	Several times I was told to make kids. I said there was no one to do with them. Now there is someone, but we are not ready to have kids.I believe in quality more than quantity.So we will probably have 2 or 4.	0
The points they raise ought to be brought up far more often on SF .	The points they raise should be raised more frequently in SF.	0
If I had one it would 've probably made the list .	If I had one, it would probably have made a list.	0
I doubt it though .	However, I doubt that.	0
Perhaps you can use this BTW notice that the information is accompaigned by a rather clumpsy muslim exercise in damage control .	You may be able to use this VAT announcement that the information will be accompanied by a fairly crazy Muslim practice in damage control.	0
Officers took 37-year-old Charlie Cason into custody after a violent exchange .	Police arrested 37-year-old Charlie Carson after a violent exchange.	0
Let the Apes use their long arms to throw their monkey punches , and let us Whites use wrestling takedowns and submissions .	Let the monkeys throw their monkey boxing with their long arms, and let us whites use the fight to strike and surrender.	1
Oklahoma althought I carry a french name because my parents both was adopted. mother is german and my father is scottish	Oklahoma thought I had a French name, because my parents were all adopted, my mother was German and my father was Scotland.	0
I hope so , but I would still like to thank you Day of Vengeance for bringing up to my attention the issue mentioned above Thank you for caring Day of Vengeance .	I hope it is, but still I would like to thank you on Revenge Day for bringing my attention to the topic mentioned above.	0
Tens Of Millions For Africa Drought Victims A # 52.25m emergency aid package has been put together to help millions of drought victims in the Horn of Africa , the Government has announced .	Tens of millions of emergency assistance packages of 52.25m for victims of drought in Africa were assembled to help millions of drown victims in the Horn of Africa.	0
Just keep your eyes open because you 'll find friends in the places you least expect .	Keep your eyes open because you’ll find friends in places you don’t expect.	0
Of course dogs are NOBLE creatures .	A dog is a noble creature.	0
It ca n't hurt .	That does not hurt.	0
Other ethnic groups are allowed to have ethnocentric charter schools paid by taxpayers .	Other ethnic groups may have ethnocentric charter schools paid by taxpayers.	0
We will stand shoulder to shoulder with you on this fight .	We will be with you in this fight.	0
there was this gay negro i was forced to work with on my first job out of high school here in sunny florida .	There was that gay Negro with whom I had to work on my first high school job here in sunny Florida.	1
New from Ruger : LCR in 9mm - The Truth About Guns	Ruger's New 9mm LCR - The Truth About Firearms	0
You can search for maps of where the language was spoken over time .	You can search for maps where the language is spoken in time.	0
Are only chapter right now is in the Fraser Valley near Vancouver but were looking to open chapters all over Canada .	Currently there are only chapters in the Fraser Valley near Vancouver, but we are trying to open chapters across Canada.	0
I feel like athletic whites do not have enough kids because when you have a lot of brothers it forces you to fight your way to the top .	I think athletic whites don’t have enough children because when you have many brothers, they force you to fight to get to the top.	0
I could n't stop laughing at that photo long enough to actually read the article but I imagine it 's more of the same old same old .	I can’t stop laughing at this photo long enough to really read this article, but I think it’s more like the same old one.	0
It's no coincidence that they all seem to have similar storylines going at the same time , they do it to reinforce the subliminal messages .	It is not a coincidence that everyone seems to have similar stories that go at the same time, they do it to strengthen subliminal messages.	0
I have not used bags yet but this year I might have to consider it .I also would like to hear what others have done with them .	I haven't used bags yet, but this year I might have to consider.I would also like to hear what others have	0
With that many groups under the same AO , I wonder how much toe stepping is going to occur ... hope none of our own people get hurt .	With this number of groups under the same AO, I wonder how many shocks will occur... hopefully no one of our own will be injured.	0
Imagine the groids licking their big lips when they see all those unsuspecting tourists walking around .	Imagine the size of their big lips trembling when they see all the unconscious tourists walk around.	1
Hopefully someone will moderate this thread .	I hope someone moderates this thread.	0
I 'm not suggesting anything here ...	I'm not proposing anything here...	0
If her eyes linger ................................... she 's yours .	If her eyes shine, she is yours.	0
The matter was quickly dropped .	The subject was rapidly discarded.	0
Until then , I believe I 'll taunt those in school already : goof	Until then, I think I will try those who are already in school: go	0
You will have to get some space in your apartment. clear out a 6x6 foot space of floor and do floor exercises , stretch , do deep breathing , get a couple of dumbbells .	You will need to get a little space in your apartment. Clean the floor space of 6x6 feet and do floor exercises, stretch, take a deep breath.	0
Their is a group of people behind the scenes orchestrating your destruction and they are using non Whites as tools to accomplish their agenda .	They are a group of people behind the scene that orchestrates your destruction and use non-white as a tool to their agenda.	1
No uniforms .	without uniforms.	0
Green eyes do seem to be pretty rare .	Green eyes are quite rare.	0
Wow!	Wow wow!	0
Hail The White Race ! 26.12.2012 New Right Conference - London 2012 - YouTube	Hail The White Race! 26.12.2012 New Right Conference – London 2012 – YouTube	0
..now is a good time to get it .	Now is a great time to get it.	0
little black kid gets his ass kicked - YouTube Because I always enjoy these videos .	The little black boy gets his ass hit - YouTube because I always liked these videos.	0
I live in New Richmond , Ohio which is almost all White but the kids are brain-washed with Mtv and try to act like the Blacks they watch for hours in rap videos on Mtv .	I live in New Richmond, Ohio, but almost all of them are white, but the kids are washing their brains with MTV and watching the MTV’s rap video for hours.	0
As well most of us are open for negiotiations , across the reticle !	Moreover, most of us are open to negotiations, through the net!	0
Not too sure SF would want such lists of enemies on it given similar things led to the raids on Italian SF members earlier this year and last week .	SF isn’t sure it will want a list of enemies because of similar events that triggered attacks on Italian SF members earlier this year and last week.	0
YouTube - Vide Cor Meum Brilliant .	Video: Vide Cor Meum Brillant.	0
I like the Tribes in the Northwest , truly the Noblest Savage .	I like the tribes of the northwest, really the most noble wild animals.	0
I think white pride world wide works just fine But i am a white supremacist so it suits me to the tee	I think white pride in the world works very well, but I’m a white supremacist, so the tee suits me.	0
The only sports I watch are the 99 % white leagues my 6 white grandchildren play in .	The only sport I watch is the 99% white league that my six white grandchildren play.	0
Now there is 30 seconds I will never get back .	After 30 seconds, I can never go back.	0
Services account for 62.6 % of GDP Construction , manufacturing , and utilities 25 % of GDP Fish and fish processing 9.9 % Agriculture 1.8 % Main exports Fish and crustaceans 63 % ( 2000 ) Aluminum 19.4 % Tourism Accounted for 14 % of foriegn exchange It looks like they have a pretty modern economy , not many low skill jobs available .	Services account for 62.6% of GDP Construction, manufacturing and public services 25% of Gross Domestic Product Fishing and fish processing 9.9% Agriculture 1.8% Main exports Fish and crustaceans 63% ( 2000 ) Aluminium 19.4% Tourism 14% of the trade Foriegn They seem to have a fairly modern economy, not much of it	0
It's going to take everyone working together to beat the New World Order .	It will all work together to defeat the New World Order.	1
I think they have .	I believe they have.	0
Who knows how much longer that will be for any of us. ~	Who knows how long this will last for either of us.	0
Thats got to be a exaggeration right ?	That must be an exaggeration, right?	0
So far only on teespring under Warchief .	So far, only in combat.	0
Ya gota be fecken kiddin me ST PATRICK WAS NOT BLACK !!!!!!!!!	St. Patrick is not a black man!!	0
No, I see that as giving up .	No, I think it is giving up.	0
I also do n't want harassment in real life , which is why I keep my views limited , so I do n't want my daughter saying things like `` My parents do n't want me playing with blacks '' .	I also don’t want to bother myself in real life, so I keep my points of view limited so I do not want my daughter to say things like ‘My father doesn’t like me to play with the black’.	0
That is where we people differ ..	That's where people differ.	0
The deceased couple was found gagged and bound Friday afternoon in their home on the 4100 block of West 142nd Street .	The dead couple were found to be bound in a house in the 4100 block of 142nd Street on Friday afternoon.	0
Conservative whites really are no better than liberal whites when it comes to race , that 's why things have gotten so bad in the western world .	Conservative white are really not better than liberal white when it comes to race, that’s why things in the western world have become so bad.	0
On Thursday , a Long Beach jury once again found that Jackson , now 52 , should be put to death .	On Thursday, a jury in Long Beach again found that Jackson, now 52 years old, was to be brought to death.	0
http://www.wral.com/news/local/story/1850536/	http://www.wral.com/new/local/story 1850536/	0
Is it okay to enjoy toast ?	Is it OK to enjoy the toast?	0
There comes a moment when we must act , regardless of the consequences .	There is a time when we have to act, whatever the consequences.	0
Good news is that census reports suggest whites are still the least likely to race mix .	The good news is that according to a population survey report, whites are still the least likely to be racial mixed.	3
Someone always gets shot at that event , this year it 'll probably be much worse .	Someone will always be shot at the event, and this year it will probably be worse.	0
Pure .	purely	0
Do you mean there is one classroom in Norway which has only one white child in it ?	Is there a classroom in Norway where there is only a white child?	0
http://www.the-armory.com/shopsite_s...mmunition.html	HTTP: www.the-armory.com/shopsite_s...mmunition.html	0
We should have a new version of the old Plantation system where every white person on earth makes millions of dollars off of the enslaved labor of all the non-Whites in the world .	We should have a new version of the old farming system, where every white man on earth earns millions of dollars from all the non-white slave labor in the world.	1
As of December 31st , 2013 at about 8 AM PST , the booklet had been downloaded 16,270 times and counting .	As of around 8 a.m. on December 31, 2013, this brochure has been downloaded 16,270 times.	0
---------------------------------------------------- Please do n't delete this , it is not an attack on Kondor 's Nationality .	Please don't turn off this, it's not an attack on Kondor's nationality.	0
I just wanted to say hello to The Jew is Evil .	I just want to say goodbye to the Jews is evil.	1
"	“	0
Last I checked it 's another kind of supremacist controlling everything .	Finally, I checked out that there is another type of Supremacist that controls everything.	0
Im not sure of a site but those stats are from `` The Color Of Crime '' book .	I'm not sure about the site, but the statistics come from the book 'Color of Crime'.	0
My Father taught me to shoot when I was 12 years old .	My father taught me to shoot when I was 12.	0
-Those that can , send their kids to jewish only schools It 's hardly a surprise they are so united and our kids have friends like Tra' von .	- Those who can only send their children to Jewish schools they are so integrated and it's not surprising that our children have friends like Trophy.	0
We need a J.T Ready on the California Border .	We need a JT ready at the California border.	0
I am defiantly intrested in maybe hanging out sometime .	I am disappointed that I may have to hang up someday.	0
Looking at this thread , Slavs have some of the most beautiful nature on this planet .	Looking at these threads, the Slavs have the most beautiful nature on this planet.	0
Like I said before I 'd bet 90 % + have Liberal parents .	As I said, I bet I have 90% + liberal parents.	1
I never saw anybody get into a fight or even an arguement at my college .	I’ve never seen anyone fight or even get into a dispute in my college.	0
Until we have a dedicated cable television station , there 's always the opportunity to use the free cable access airwaves as per this thread : Make a Cable Access TV Program !	Until we have a dedicated cable TV station, there is always the opportunity to access the air waves using free cable according to this thread: Make cable access to TV shows!	0
They actually have ads warning people about getting mugged etc , but there is no hint of responsibility in them .	They actually have ads that warn people, but they have no hint of responsibility.	0
Race-consciousness and the determination to preserve our own is part of our nature , being in essence a defining feature of the Aryan spirit .	Racial consciousness and determination to protect ourselves are part of our nature and are essentially defining characteristics of the Arial spirit.	0
Jeeze its worst than the UK .	It is worse than England.	3
- YouTube Big Mtn snow makes great dog flips - YouTube New Years Eve Fireworks and Torchlight Parade on Big Mountain - YouTube	- YouTube Big Mountain Snow Makes Big Dogs Fly - YouTube New Year's Eve Fire and Torchlight Parade on Big Mountains - YouTube	0
Same here I 've already told my kids for a couple of years now that should someone start it they need to finish it ....	I’ve told my kids a few years ago now that if someone starts it, they have to finish it.	0
88 sister no buddy reply to your post ?	Does your friend not respond to your message?	0
One night stands are wonderful when you know you dont want anything else from anyone on the continent .	A night stands are wonderful if you know that you don’t want anything else from anyone on the continent.	0
Remember every one , we are Europeans and our success tract record says it all	Remember everyone, we are Europeans and our success records tell us everything.	0
Jup i grew up in St.Petersburg and only saw blacks on tv .	Jup I grew up in St. Petersburg and saw only blacks on television.	0
Is there one white woman here who would like to be my Queen Please check out this web site and see my pic and read all about me and if your interested drop me a line http://www.match.com/usearch/results...ngID=0&Theme=4Orjustgotomatch.com and look up user name of brokenheart4140 hope to hear from you soon	Is there a white woman here who wants to be my queen, check out this website and see my photos, read all about me, and if you are interested please drop a line to me http://www.match.com/usearch/results...ngID=0&Theme=4Orjustgotomatch.co.uk Search for Blackheart 4140 username and ask you right away	0
Geesh , they 'd let a gorilla into UCLA for the sake of `` Diversity '' as long as it got a body wax .	Geesh, they would get a gorilla into UCLA because of “diversity” as long as it has flesh wax.	1
Ten to one they have a great father , too .	One by one, they also have a big father.	0
DR Congo troops accused of rapes Government troops in the Democratic Republic of Congo carry out most of the rapes of civilians caught up in the war with rebel groups , a rights group says .	The Democratic Republic of Congo government forces, which have been accused of rape, carry out most of the rape of civilians captured in the war with insurgents, rights groups say.	0
Well good luck and I have it bookmarked and will check back every so often .	Good luck and I bookmarked it and check it again every time.	0
Well, Georgians are maybe 80 % of their country , with two biggest minorities being Azeris and Armenians , so indeed very easy that Caucasus baboon types from Georgia are not Georgians .	Well, the Georgians are 80% of their country, and the two largest minorities are Azerians and Armenians, and in fact the Caucasus idiots are not Georgia.	0
When you get to the site click on Dark Crimes .	When you reach the site, click on Dark Crimes.	0
This is a sickening trend , even in countries like mine where there are not many Negroes they do this and all because of the sickening media brainwashing .	It’s a pathological trend, even in a country like me where there’s not a lot of black people doing it, all because the media is brainwashing.	1
What, like blowing up old ladies and little kids ?	How about killing an old woman and a child?	0
The english policy was one of extermination from day 1 .	The policy of Britain has been one of the destruction since one day.	0
How can others be so blind to this ?	How can other people be so blind to that?	0
http://www.visioncircle.org/archive/003870.html	HTTP: www.visioncircle.com / archive / 003860.html	0
I got one during this last school year and I through it away .	I got one this past school year and I went through it.	0
The brutality of his crime and his lack of remorse made Jackson the `` model candidate for death in the gas house , '' one columnist wrote after his death sentence was upheld by the state 's highest court .	The cruelty of his crimes and his relentlessness made Jackson a “model candidate for dying at a gas station,” a columnist wrote after his death sentence was upheld by the state’s Supreme Court.	0
By race or appearance ?	by appearance or race?	0
I live for the day that some genetic lottery winner is dumb enough to call me a peasant .	I lived in that day that some genetic lottery winners were stupid enough to call me a farmer.	0
Although to now there is no evidence of an order to kill all Jews , but see above and you can see there were orders to exterminate Bolsheviks , Jews , commissars , etc .	So far, there is no proof of the order to kill all Jews, but if you look at the above, you can see that there was an order to exterminate the Bolsheviks, Jews and Comers.	0
I went to high school with f * ckers just like the guy in the original video .	I went to high school with the same f * ckers as the guy in the original video.	0
I had to show this , Macedonian handball fans in Zadar , Croatia .	I had to show this, Croatia’s Macedonian handball fans.	0
Yes, Philidelphia has been over run with black savages , left and right .	Yes, Philadelphia ran too hard with black barbarians, both left and right.	0
Some of us are buying up houses and lots in a small town in ND and we own a decent percentage of it .	Some of us are buying houses or land in a small town in ND, and we own the right proportion of it.	0
Check out my video below and let me know what you guys think Cheers !	Check out the video below and tell us what you think about Cheers!	0
Yeah.	Yes yes!	0
Robert Steuckers and Dr. David Duke Gunther Van Den Eynde en Dr. David Duke Euro-Rus 2008 !	Robert Steuckers and David Duke Gunther Van Den Eynde in Dr. David Duke Euro-Rus 2008.	0
We spent too much time and effort worrying about Blacks while the Asians and Hispanics , were the ones carrying the ball .	We spent too much time and effort worried about the black while the Asian and Hispanic were the ones who carried the ball.	1
I'm saying , what I see .	I say what I see.	0
These idiots are doing this to hasten Armageddon so they can get a free ride to heaven .	These fools are doing this to accelerate Armageddon so that they can drive freely to heaven.	1
I saw that first hand after working in various schools .	I saw it firsthand after working in several schools.	0
Yes I have seen African Blacks driving those type of cars too .	Yes, I’ve seen African black men drive these types of cars.	0
Honestly the better idea is private schools for our people ; the average parent is a poor teacher .	To be honest, the better idea is a private school for our people; the average parents are poor teachers.	0
I grew up in small town Southern N.B for a good half of my life , in a region called Kings County , it was 100 % white except for literally 3 black people , and they never mixed with whites ..	I grew up in a small town in the south of N.B. Half of my life, in a area called Kings County, it was a hundred percent white people, except for literally three black people, they never mixed with white people.	0
Beeline TV - Watch Online TV - Free Internet TV - Live TV Channels This has got a number of Japanese TV links for streaming .	Beeline TV - Watch Online TV - Free Internet TV - Live TV channel It has many Japanese TV links for streaming.	0
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=O-mRZ...elated&search=http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qzaV3...elated&search=http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RRoj1...elated&search=http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3-URO...elated&search=http://www.youtube.com/watch ? v = v12VY ... elated & search =	HTTP://www.youtube.com/watch?v=O-mRZ...elated&search=http:// www.youtube	0
I've taken a few dance classes at various times and enjoy it .	I took some dance classes at different occasions and I liked it.	0
As I have say , they do not think their acts as humans do .	As I’ve said, they don’t think their actions are like humans.	0
Also i would have no problem if Spain sent back the hundreds of thousands of Brits back home we dont have a right to flood a country like that with our folk .	Moreover, if Spain sends hundreds of thousands of Britons back to Britain, I have no problem, we have no right to use our people to flood such a country.	0
It is based on the Sven Hassel story of the same name - www.stormfront.org/forum/t1103833/	It is based on the story of Sven Hassel of the same name – www.stormfront.org/forum/t1103833/.	0
I was begininning to feel alone out here in SoCal !	I am so happy to feel alone here!	0
More money for Norway !	More Money to Norway!	0
Let the non-whites pollute their bodies with that garbage .	Let non-white people contaminate their bodies with these garbage.	1
Whites need to learn where they came from and who stole their ancient stories in order to control us .	The white people need to know where they came from, who stole their ancient stories to control us.	0
The following pictures were taken this morning at sunrise on top of Mount Strachan , Cypress Provincial Park , West Vancouver -- 1432m ( 4,750 feet ) .	The following photo was taken this morning on the top of Mount Strachan, Cypress State Park, West Vancouver, at 1432m (4750ft).	0
Sunshine .	the sunshine.	0
The worst thing about the present immigration is that it 's spread all over the country .	The worst thing about immigration today is that it is spreading across the country.	1
For most of the service jobs you definatly have to speak Danish well .	For most service jobs, you must definitely speak Danish well.	0
If Bulgarians are n't slavic , then it 's perhaps time for the rest of them to seek a new name for themselves , cos it 's us that used that ethnonym first , dig ?	If the Bulgarians were not Slavs, it might be time for the rest of the people to find a new name for themselves, or were we the first to use that name?	0
In this day and age this is possible ...	At this age, it is possible.	0
On a short holiday , Go back and do something about your own country and stop putting crap on our doorstep !	On a short vacation, come back and do something about your country and stop putting shit at our doorstep!	1
Watch for child and interracial porn to be found among the ashes .	Watching children and interracial pornography found in the ashes.	0
people know their nationality not from books but from birth and they are exactly what their parents told them that they were .... your case is different you are telling to your parents that they are not what they are telling you that they are .. that it a case in a billion	People don’t know their nationality in books, and at birth they’re not exactly the same as their parents told them... In your case it’s different you’re telling your parents that they aren’t what they tell you... It’s possible.	0
Then I might get barbed wire around my wrist .	Then I could have a barbed thread around my wrist.	0
I'm sure I heard that many Catholic churches in Ireland are experiencing large numbers again thanks to the growing Polish populations .	I am confident that many Catholic churches in Ireland are experiencing a large number again thanks to the growth of the Polish population.	0
And Look at the bollix teachers are feeding our kids .	And watch the bollix teachers feed our children.	0
When i finish i plan on going to college not sure what career i want at the moment .	When I’m done, I plan to go to university, I am not sure what kind of career I want right now.	0
The word problems that used to motivate the teaching of high school and college algebra ( simple , simultaneous , and quadratic equations ) disappeared from the syllabus decades ago .	The word problems they used to motivate secondary and university algebra teaching (simple, simultaneous, and square equations) disappeared from the curriculum decades ago.	0
Our dams are overflowing except for the Cape .	All our seas, except the sea, were flooded.	0
You will find several compatriots there .	You’ll find a number of compatriots there.	0
I'm interested in knowing if they 're slavic people or are they arabs claiming to be Ukrainian or other minorities using the title of Ukrainians ? 2508	I want to know if they are Slavs or Arabs who claim to be Ukrainians, or other minorities are using the Ukrainian title.	0
No matter how many times I browse through it , its impact does n't lessen .	No matter how often I browse it, the impact does not diminish.	0
Japan REACTOR - RODS MELT !	The Japanese reactor – RODS MELT.	0
Best Wishes , John Londen .	My best wish, John London.	0
I was really worried about this one because I thought a bunch of groids were going to hop out of the cars signifying the town to get so excited and the women to remove clothing ....	I was really worried about this because I thought a lot would jump out of the car, which meant the city would get so excited that women would take off their clothes.	1
Peter the Great .	Peter of the Great.	0
Please excuse my ignorance .	Please apologize for my ignorance.	0
Instead of just telling the child that 2 + 2 = 4 because the math book said so , they could have put that into a ' problem ' and solution .	Instead of telling the child 2 + 2 = 4 because the math book said that, they could put it as a 'problem' and a solution.	0
Like said definitely learn how to use it properly because even practicing it you can injure your neck if you do it wrong .	As I said, definitely learn how to use it properly, because even if you practice it wrong, it can hurt your neck.	0
I guess Mr. Pena forgot about the black speed skater who won the gold and is being glorified on NBC every 5 minutes .	I think Mr. Pena has forgotten about the black speed skaters who won the gold medal and are honored on NBC every five minutes.	0
R.I.P my brothers and sisters for you are all heroes to me i need say no more cause actions speak louder than words .	R.I.P. My brothers and sisters, you are all heroes, and to me, actions should not sound bigger than words.	0
http://www.vg.no/pub/vgart.hbs ? artid = 222065 Suspected for warcrimes , seeks asylum in Norway A Chechen ( 32 ) - wanted for warcrimes - and a Lebanese ( 41 ) - suspected of warcrimes - lives at an asylum reception center in Norway with their families .	http://www.vg.no/pub/vgart.hbs? artid = 222065 Suspected of war crimes, seeking asylum in Norway A Chechen (32) - was sought for war crime - and a Lebanese (41) - suspected of being a prisoner of war - lived with their families in a refugee reception center in Norway.	0
Those islamic disease tend to mimic Whites or copy White concepts in various forms and many of them are light skin and even looked like Whites .	Those with Islamic illness tend to imitate white people or replicate white concepts in various forms, many of whom have light skin and even look like white people.	0
And I have probably said enough on this for now .	Maybe I’ve said enough about it so far.	0
I worked in that McDonald 's when I was 18 years old !	I worked at that McDonald’s when I was 18.	0
If you 've not had the chance to check it out , you might find this site of some interest .	If you don’t have the opportunity to check it out, you may find that this site has some interest.	0
Every country has their own spirit .	Each country has its own soul.	0
While My mother has Blond hair brown eye 's and my father Brown hair blue eye 's and i inherited my brown hair blue eye 's from my father .	While my mother has the blonde hair of brown eyes and my father has the brown hair of blue eyes and I inherited the Brown eye from my father.	0
Almost all of the Middle East and North Africa was full of whites once upon a time .	Almost the entire Middle East and North Africa were once full of whites.	0
The peanut butter was not as important as the time machine used to go back and teach the ancient Incans how to make it .	Corn butter was not as important as the time machine used to teach ancient Incas how to make it.	0
https : //www.stormfront.org/forum/show ... 395023 & page = 84 It is obvious that these people are having fun here , it is just too bad that they were interrupted in the process YouTube - Rare moments of the third reich Something seems to be funny YouTube - Maxi Biewers Lachkrampf [ YOUTUBE ] 5Syk36RbpHM [ /YOUTUBE ] Oooops YouTube - DEA Agent Shoots Himself YouTube - Nigga Moment [ youtube ] sH2DNWk6u1A [ /youtube ] I apologize to all Stormfront members from Russia for this one .	https: //www.stormfront.org/forum/show... 395023 & page = 84 It’s obvious that these people are having fun here, it’s just too bad that they’ve been interrupted in the YouTube process – rare moments of the Third Reich Something seems to be funny YouTube – Maxi Biewers Lachkrampf [ YOUTUBE ] 5Syk36RbpHM [ /YOUTUPE ] Oooops YouTube – DEA Agent shoots YouTube – Nigga Moment [ youtube ] sH2DNWk6u1A [ /youtube ] I apologize to all Stormfront members of Russia	0
Wait until the blacks hear about `` Black Douglas '' , or `` The Black Watch '' or `` Black Thursday '' ...	Wait until the black people hear the story of "Black Douglas" or "Black Thursday".	0
She turns 7 tomorrow .	Tomorrow she will be 7 years old.	0
Can they mix like that ?	Can we mix them like this?	0
What A Week Of Groceries Looks Like Around The World | Fstoppers	What a week's grocery stores around the world look like	0
In consideration of the word ' satan ' , within such a context the notion of satan worship ( to worship ones adversary ) is an altogether stupid thought .	Given the word "Satan" in such a context, the concept of worshiping Satan (worship the opponents) is a completely stupid idea.	0
S.H.A.R.P.	S. H. A R. P	0
Deport all Indians back to India and make them pay for the trip .	Send all the Indians back to India and let them pay the cost of the trip.	1
i hope our patriots will throu eggs at them and will say some thing like get out to the jungle or i think our coach will make them to go to the trainnig at minus - 30C or - 50F that they uuuu will never be able to play agane and will fly to africa after first tranning 2508	I hope our patriots will throw their eggs at them and say something like going into the jungle, or I think our coach will get them to train at zero - 30C or - 50F, they will never be able to play Argan and fly to Africa after their first flight.	1
By looking at the Toy Show tonight , you 'd swear the Irish were the minority in Ireland .	When you watch tonight’s toy show, you can swear that the Irish are the minority of Ireland.	0
So within the next day or so my user name will be MICHIGAN GHOST I just did n't want to have anything associated with Bradley or the uka !!!!	So in the next few days my username will be MICHIGAN GHOST, and I just don’t want to have anything related to Bradley or uka!!!!	0
they have an asian group a black group a mexican group but sadly my request for a white group was denied ...... is this libral hipocracy or discrimination against a skinhead ?	They have Asian groups, black groups, and Mexican groups, but unfortunately my request for white groups has been rejected...Is this hypocritical hypocrisy?	0
It is hard to say what is going to happen however one way or the other I think Whites in South Africa should get out of the country and try to make it to a safer location such as Canada or Australia .	It’s hard to say what’s going to happen, but in one way or another, I think white people in South Africa should leave the country and try to do so in a safer place like Canada or South Africa.	0
This figure is taken from quickresponse which is an organisation in Sweden who 's task is to watch rascist organisations in Sweden	This figure is derived from the quick response that is a Swedish organization that has the mission to monitor racist organizations in Switzerland.	0
Someone is a GENIUS !	Anyone is a genius!	0
Dunnes strikers to attend funeral - BelfastTelegraph.co.uk Lets hope these reds are n't mistaken for the usual white targets of these jungle savages !	Dunne’s strikes to participate in the funeral - BelfastTelegraph.co.uk We hope that these red ones will not be abused for the usual white targets of these jungle forests!	1
YouTube - Odysseus ' Way by Dr. William L. Pierce ( Part 1 of 3 ) YouTube - Odysseus ' Way by Dr. William L. Pierce ( Part 2 of 3 ) YouTube - Odysseus ' Way by Dr. William L. Pierce ( Part 3 of 3 )	YouTube - Odysseus' Way by Dr. William L. Pierce (Part 1 of 3 ) YouTube - odyssey' way by dr.	0
The whites are more in the range of 4.8 million .	The white people are more in the range of 3.8 million.	0
he wrote the truth and you dont know if he is white or not as none knows who post here is a confirmed white .	He wrote the truth, and you don’t know if he’s a white man or not, because no one knows who’s written here is confirming the white man.	0
Even the queers in small towns have been emboldened to go out and peddle the homosexual agenda .	Even small town queers have been encouraged to go out and deceive the gay agenda.	1
This is after a famous incident of former Prime Minister Pierre Trudeau , who gave the finger to a group of protesters who were yelling anti-french sayings at him .	It was after the famous incident that former Prime Minister Pierre Trudeau pointed his fingers to a group of protesters who screamed anti-French at him.	0
But there are places that go as deep as 150 feet .	But there is a place to go up to 150 feet deep.	0
Restaurant - Summer Skadarlija `` Ima dana '' Restaurant-Winter Restaurants	Restaurant - Summer Scadaria "Ima Dana" Restaurant - Winter Restaurant	0
Perfection .	perfectly	0
These are the kind of stories that most of the time come out of India and Pakistan .	These are the kinds of stories that mostly come from India and Pakistan.	0
For you and I and other White nationalists yes .for French law unfortunately they are French .	For you and me and other white nationalists, yes, unfortunately for French law, they are French.	0
We were shown the ovens where the bodies were cremated .	We showed ourselves the furnaces in which the bodies were cremated.	0
And this same teacher will call the Germans evil because they taught their school children the same thing about the jews .	The same teachers would call the Germans evil because they taught their students the same thing about the Jews.	0
Two seasons ago this child with her brat-antics and rudeness all but ruined the final weeks of America 's Got Talent , one of the few TV shows I watch and enjoy .	Two seasons ago, this little girl with her antiquity and roughness ruined the last few weeks of America's Got Talent, one of the few television shows that I've ever seen.	0
I would never date a black guy .	I't ever date a black guy.	0
.410 Winchester PDX1 Gel and Meat Test - YouTube You just sold me on the judge .	Winchester PDX1 Gel and Meat Test – You just sold me on the judge.	0
Egyptians - Wikipedia , the free encyclopedia	Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia - Wikipedia	0
These elementary concepts render the rest of your argument entirely invalid .	These basic concepts completely invalidate the rest of your argument.	0
Whites shoudl clean their own mess !	White shoulders cleanse your own chaos!	0
Oberschlesien - Als die Deutschen weg waren ( 4/5 ) - YouTube	Oberschlesien – Als die Deutschen weg waren ( 3/5 ) – YouTube	0
Though Micronesians eat it by the gross .	The Micronesians have eaten it.	0
Just my opinion .	Only my opinion.	0
You have to defend yourself with riots happening across the country and invaders flooding across our borders .	You must defend yourself against the riots that occur across the country and the invaders that cross our borders.	1
Hey, that sounds like one of the best reasons to quit drinking I have heard in a while .	This is one of the best reasons to stop drinking I’ve heard for a while.	0
There is not enough interest on either side for a re-unification to be attempted .	Both sides do not have enough interest to try to reunify.	0
Now ... IF someone wants to make a donation at the absolute last minute ... please see my above quote .	Now... if anyone wants to donate at the absolute last minute... please see my reference above.	0
Perfectly normal and WHITE names Next try : Leida f Kulla m Alma f Ege m Ärta f Epp m Endla f Arno m Tiiu f Ikevald m Piibe f Reet m Rünno m Does Ikevald have any meaning ?	Perfectly normal and WHITE Name Next attempt : Leida f Kulla m Alma f Äge m Ärta f Epp m Endla f Arno m Tiiu f Ikewald m Piiba f Reet m Rünno m Does Ike Wald have a meaning?	0
I will pass out cheap sugar based candy .	I’m going to go for cheap sugar-based candy.	0
White Irish nationalist for Ireland White German nationalist for Germany White Dutch people for the Netherlands Thats not hard borders are very important even between European countries To destroy or harm any culture is a crime against humanity and melting down all the smaller countries into one big country destroying there languages and so on would just be wrong , we should work together yes we are all white and all brothers and our nations are sacred .	White Irish nationalists for Irish White German nationalists German White Dutch people for the Netherlands Even between European countries, there is no strict boundaries and it is important that destroying or damaging any culture is a crime against humanity, putting all the small nations into a big country, destroys the language, so it’s just wrong, we should work together, yes, we are all white, all the brothers and our nations are sacred.	0
There 's no better source for learning about the end times than God 's own words .	There is no better source than the Word of God Himself to learn about the end times.	0
The enemy of Germany has been inside the borders for some time .	The German enemy has been on the border for a long time.	0
Go figure .	Return to the figure.	0
Yes! hatred of the English is very real and it 's not going to get better any time soon .	The hatred for English is very real, and it won’t get better soon.	0
Antifa Forced To Retreat In Dover ( Trophies ) - YouTube	Antifa forced to withdraw in Dover (Trophy) - YouTube	0
He is not nordic of course , but he is white .	He’s not Nordic, but he’s white.	0
It 's annoying to live in a time where a subhuman monkey coon thinks it 's okay to hit an Aryan white blond , blue-eyed child .	It’s uncomfortable to live in a time when the subhuman sarcoon thinks it’s okay to hit the blue-eyed Ariane White blonde child.	1
That all changes when they have to live around them .	Everything changes when you need to live around them.	3
I always thought it was be fun to put on a minstrel show , a little entertainment showing things how they really are without black/jew/fag involvment . . if it ever gets put together i 'll be sure to tape and and pass it around for all to enjoy	I’ve always thought it’s fun to put it on a minstrel show with some entertainment showcasing the reality of things without the involvement of black/jew/fag.	1
Jodr sounds much like Jord ( meaning Earth/land ) .	Jodr is very similar to Jord (which means Earth / Earth).	0
I went to an EDL rally in Luton a couple of years ago and i can tell you that the EDL are not real nationalists they are just a bunch of drunk Football hooligans They are a disgrace	I attended the EDL rally in Luton a few years ago, and I can tell you that the EDF are not real nationalists, they are just a group of drunk football gangsters.	0
Pinkerton security guards used rock salt in shotguns on trespassers in Ohio , they shot a neighbor of mine with it during the mid 1970 's .	Pinkerton security guards used rock salt from guns against criminals in Ohio, and in the mid-1970s they killed my neighbors.	0
There is quite a bit of white kids like me , but the keep it underwraps not to cause any trouble .	There are a lot of white children like me, but keep it so that it doesn’t cause problems.	0
Good post my friend .	Good post, my friend.	0
But what do you expect with a homosexual Muslim as the mayor ?	But what do you expect from a Muslim gay as a mayor?	1
Their stories have been told before , so instead of showing the pics of the non WHITE garbage that took from them , I am just going to post their pics so they will not be forgotten .	Their stories have been told before, so without showing you a picture of the non-white garbage taken from them, I will post their photos so that they are not forgotten.	1
I saw the picture before I saw the title properly .	I watched the picture before I looked at the title.	0
-Zoë	by Zoë	0
I'm going to get one of the two in the next couple of months .	I will get one of them in the next few months.	0
I could give a course on gun safety so , that they do n't end up like that monkey that shot off his penis .	I can give a course on weapons safety so that they will not end like the monkey throwing out his penis.	0
Great Avitar , I need one myself .	Great Avit, I need one.	0
I find this news to be astonishing .	I think this news is astonishing.	0
Its disgusting they these foreigners come over here , stamp their feet and jump above good Irish families and get what they want .	It’s disgusting that these foreigners come here, jumping on the ground through the good Irish families and getting what they want.	1
You forgot to add that they spread disease and their poor hygiene causes pest infestations , then there is rampant drug use and sexual assaulting white women and children .	You have forgotten that they spread diseases and that their poor sanitation causes the invasion of pests, and that they use drugs and sexually abuse white women and children.	1
I wonder if this guy still thinks the Jews are a good thing after the Jews just tried to start a war between NATO and Russia ?	I wonder if this man still thinks that Jews are good even after the Jews tried to start a war between NATO and Russia.	1
:hide And if you 're around Knights of Columbus or their Roman Catholic brethern , keep a close hold on your young children , particularly the boys .	Hidden, if you are around the Columbus Knights or their Roman Catholic Brotherhood, keep close attention to your children, especially the boys.	0
I wonder what the percentage of the San Francisco people who are HIV positive are straight .	I wonder how much percent of people in San Francisco are HIV-positive.	0
Camie	by Camille	0
Some of them claim that they would like to go back home one day but after a few years in Finland they will no longer have this wish .	Some of them claimed they wanted to go home one day, but after staying in Finland for a few years, they would no longer have that desire.	0
My advice is keep with it it 's better to know it and never have to use it , then to need to use it and not know it !	My advice is to keep it, it’s better to know it and never use it, then use it and don’t know!	0
14 Athenian Warrior	13 Athenian warriors	0
if any one has any info on the austin texas band Straight Laced any info please contact me at skinranger@yahoo.com white power 88	If anyone has any information about the Austin Texas band, please contact me at skinranger@yahoo.com white power 88	0
www.borderwatch.us/camp.htm http://sandiego.indymedia.org/en/2005/07/109826.shtmlhttp://sandiego.indymedia.org/en/2005/07/109855.shtmlhttp://www.saveourstate.org/forums/i ... topic = 3596 & hl =	www.borderwatch.us/camp.htm http://sandiego.indymedia.org/en/2005/07/109826.shtmlhttp://sadiego.in.media.org	0
Is it also true Swedish/Norwegian/Danish people speak a different language but can understand each other ? 26155	Swedish/Norwegian/Danish people speak different languages but can understand each other.	0
Sorry, my last comment was published 2 times because I thought it was not published , I had a problem with the internet .	Sorry, my last comment was posted 2 times because I thought it wasn't posted, I had a problem	0
Less talk and more activism !	Less discussion and more activism.	0
I've only seen four Jews in my whole life , and those Jews were on the Silja Europa ship , going to Stockholm .	I have only seen four Jews throughout my life, and these Jews were on the ship Silja Europa, on the way to Stockholm.	0
I did the whole rainbow inspired hair colors from ages 14 - 17 .	I made all the rainbows that inspired the color of my hair from 14 to 17.	0
I came back because it looked like things had improved .	I came back because things seemed to have improved.	0
sounds like a good thing ....... I 'll pitch in for food .... but if we meet in a park or something like that .. somebody please .... do n't forget the beer permit ...... lol	It sounds like a good thing... I’m going in to eat... but if we meet in the park, or something like that... ask someone... don’t forget the beer license...	0
Raising 1 healthy , racially aware child is worth more than all the libtard and mud children in the world .	Growing a healthy and racially recognized child is more valuable than any wet and wet child in the world.	1
Maybe stormfront should consider this documentation and letting other gypsy groups join or kicking hungarians out ? "	Maybe the Storm Front should consider this document, allowing other Cypriot groups to join or deport Hungarians?”	0
Both me and my wife would be very involved in every aspect of their schooling and the area we are moving to is very very white so will have to find out more from white parents already there that send their children to public school .	My wife and I will be very involved in all aspects of school education and the area we’re moving around is very white, so we need to know more from white parents who are already there sending their children to public schools.	0
I'm surprised the Montreal flag gives pride of place to the English St Geroge 's cross .	I was surprised that the Montreal flag provided a place of pride for the St. George Cross of England.	0
I would of never in a thousand years think that Ireland would allow nonwhites in there country they seemed to love there race alot .	I would never believe in a thousand years that Ireland would not allow white people in the country in which they seem to love the races.	0
www.christendom.edu Claremont-McKenna College , Claremont , Calif.	www.Christendom.edu Claremont McKenna College, Claremonte, California.	0
No wonder young people ca n't get jobs .	It is not surprising that young people don’t have jobs.	0
Guys ( and gals ) , just wanted to say : there are few things more entertaining than watching you do another arrogant negro poster .	Boys (and girls), just want to say: nothing is more fun than watching you do another arrogant black poster.	0
You 're bang on .	You are scared.	0
Is there a place where you can buy these ?	Is there any place where you can purchase these?	0
hey, maybe we can meet before I go back to school , if you want to just PM me and I can give you my AIM , yahoo , MSN ICQ whatever 2508	Hi, maybe we can meet before going back to school, if you just want to send me, I can give you my AIM, yahoo, MSN ICQ whatever 2508	0
The war against whites is raging and I do n't want to be a casualty .	The war against the White is growing and I don’t want to be an accident.	0
Don't eat a Snickers candy bar ... it will turn you into a negro ! ( Also has the obligatory White doofus guy at the end. )	Don’t eat a Snickers candy bar... it’ll turn you into a Negro!	1
I am in kalamzoo , There are a few of us odinists in town , .	I am in Kalamzoo, there are some of us Odinism in the city.	0
A hundred yards .	Hundred yards.	0
I'm insulted by how stupid the Jews think we are until I see what they see by reading the posts amongst our so-called , `` Awakened Brethren . ''	I am insulted by how stupid the Jews think we are, and I’m until I see what they’re looking at by reading posts among our so-called “awakened brothers.”	1
I need to rebuild mine as we moved again and the cage did n't turn out right when rebuilding it	I had to rebuild me when we moved again, and the box was not right when we rebuilt it.	0
My tongue ring is back where it 's suppose to be but the bottom ball caught my teeth causing the barbell to go at an angel which makes it look closer to the tip .	My tongue ring returned to its place, but the bottom ball grabbed my teeth, causing the bell to go toward the angel, making it look closer to the tip.	0
Where do you see dark hair ?	Where are you seeing dark hair?	0
How are you a White Nationalist when you support the foreign occupation of a white country ?	How do you be a White Nationalist if you support the foreign occupation of a White Country?	0
In order to help increase the booklets downloads , it would be great if all Stormfronters who had YouTube accounts , could display the following text in the description boxes of their uploaded YouTube videos .	To help increase the library downloads, it would be good if all Stormfronters with a YouTube account could display the following text in the description box of the YouTube video they uploaded.	0
US-based Human Rights Watch says thousands have been raped by rebels and soldiers in the past six months .	According to Human Rights Watch, thousands of rebels and soldiers have been raped in the past six months.	0
No Kaboom .	There is no kaboo.	0
Only Mr. Smith had no prior criminal record .	Only Mr. Smith did not have a previous criminal record.	0
Forcing people to look at propaganda so they will have a knee-jerk reaction when they make an unconscious real world correlation to what they were forced to view ...	Forcing people to watch propaganda so that they get a knee reaction when they are unconsciously connected to the real world they are forced to see.	0
I ride that trail several times a week , so it hit home with me .	I drive this route several times a week so it came home with me.	0
I ai n't deaf yet .	I'm not blind yet.	0
Well they found petrified peanut butter in a Pre-Inca tomb in Chile about 10 years ago .	Well, about 10 years ago, they found petrified peanut butter in a pre-Inca tomb in Chile.	0
Site is back on line .	The website is back on the line.	0
Does Ireland have a party that is similar to our BNP in the UK ?	Does Ireland have a political party similar to the British BNP?	0
I give them my left over candy from last year and my left over candy from Easter .	I will give them the sweet of last year and the sweets of Easter.	0
Excuse me , but why do n't do it with Lord Of The Rings , or other masterpieces of the Supreme Tolkien , rather than with that rubbish ?	Sorry, but why don’t you do it with the Lord of the Rings or other masterpieces of Supreme Tolkien, instead of this rubbish?	0
yea i thought so when i saw a episode they had a klanmen on there and he was calling jerry a * * * * ing jew lol	Yes, I think when I saw an episode, they had a klanmen there, and he called Jerry a ** * * ing jew lol	0
I just recently quit smoking cigarettes ( very hard stuff ) and I will say I do like to get together with a few friends and have a few beers , but that 's all I 'll do .	I just quit smoking cigarettes recently (very tough things) and I’ll say I like meeting up with some friends and drinking some beer, but that’s all I’m going to do.	0
Thank you for all your support , i have a great list that i am going to look into picking up .	Thank you very much for all your support, I have a great list that I will review.	0
Hi Im tv free do n't have kids yet reading mending , sewing , menting board games radio study extra curricula actives Good on you for planning a FREE jewv existence	Hello Im tv free have no children yet read repair, sewing, menting table games radio study additional active curricula Good on you to plan a Jewish existence FREE	1
It seems to mean anything that involves some place where the true white brit can meet and enjoy themselves is gradualy being shut or knocked down probably replace them with mosques .	Everything, including places where real white Brits can meet and enjoy themselves, will gradually be closed down or possibly replaced by mosques.	0
Is n't there some middle ground ?	Is there no place in the middle?	0
In the old days private security and armed whites would take care of this , but maybe the negros are fighting smarter by taking on soft-targets ?	In ancient times, private security and armed white people were taking care of this, but the black people are taking soft targets and fighting more intelligently.	0
I know of Chris Rock and subsequently have hated him for a long time .	I knew Chris Rock and I hated him for a long time.	0
Agreed.	agreed on.	0
Really ?	In reality?	0
They should have made sweet potato pie .	They had to make sweet potato pie.	0
They have been rejected by their own government so fighting for them is not happening .	They are rejected by their own government and there is no fighting for them.	0
YouTube - Honesty - Trevor ( Made in Britain ) YouTube - THE DEAD NAZI MARCH YouTube - Ich hatt ' einen http://www.youtube.com/watch ? v = 8U9Sh91htIA Kameraden YouTube - Cross of iron movie intro	YouTube – Honesty – Trevor (Made in Britain) YouTube – THE DEAD NAZI MARCH YouTube – Ich hatt'einen http://www.youtube.com/watch? v = 8U9Sh91htIA Kameraden YouTube – Cross of iron movie intro	0
.	It is	2
They also pull out of county plates over as well .	They also take over from the county plates.	0
Louisiana https : //petitions.whitehouse.gov/pet ... nment/1wrvtngl Texas https : //petitions.whitehouse.gov/pet ... nment/BmdWCP8B Florida https : //petitions.whitehouse.gov/pet ... nment/D87Rv7yJ Montana https : //petitions.whitehouse.gov/pet ... nment/l76dWhwN Kentucky https : //petitions.whitehouse.gov/pet ... nment/RskKYzB6 Indiana https : //petitions.whitehouse.gov/pet ... nment/51jYVZ5L South Carolina https : //petitions.whitehouse.gov/pet ... nment/KL6qrls8 Georgia https : //petitions.whitehouse.gov/pet ... nment/pgJ9JLY3 New Jersey https : //petitions.whitehouse.gov/pet ... nment/RYvjgdDT North Carolina https : //petitions.whitehouse.gov/pet ... nment/rx1KDYTs Oregon https : //petitions.whitehouse.gov/pet ... ation/X3kWX8kF Missouri https : //petitions.whitehouse.gov/pet ... nment/Vd92R3YG Alabama https : //petitions.whitehouse.gov/pet ... nment/2TvhJSSC Mississippi https : //petitions.whitehouse.gov/pet ... rnmen/9M9rdL8n Colorado https : //petitions.whitehouse.gov/pet ... nment/lWDshfl3 North Dakota https : //petitions.whitehouse.gov/pet ... nment/lqPGbvVl New York https : //petitions.whitehouse.gov/pet ... nment/RSBkpCf9 Arkansas https : //petitions.whitehouse.gov/pet ... nment/k6LhPsBX Georgia #2 https : //petitions.whitehouse.gov/pet ... nment/zXYY751D Michigan https : //petitions.whitehouse.gov/pet ... nment/022SsMWp Pennsylvania https : //petitions.whitehouse.gov/pet ... nment/kT8FL7Ng	Luisiana HTTPS : //petitions.whitehouse.gov/pet... nment/1wrvtngl Texas HTTP : //peetitions.WhiteHouse.gov /pet / ppt / pct / pkt / ptt / pft / pt / pts / pst / pt / gp / ppm / pk / pht / pq / png / pcs / dj / pz / psk / pks / pps / pf / pff / pfs / px / pg / gf / df / tt / gt / dc / pd / pv / pc / gpp / pte / pto / pti / pta / pty / pity / pita / peta / pitta / petta / peto / pete / pets / péta / petu / peti / pét / peth / pety / petty / phet / petro / petter / peter / peten / pète / pett / pette / pété / pétan / petus / pèt / pETA / petar / petan / petas / pet / petes / petaan / penta / pitt / pET / p	0
Why Singapore Leads the World in Early Mathematics	Why Singapore Lead the World In Early Mathematics	0
Welcome, but please do make an effort to use proper English when posting , rather than mobile phone text messaging style .	Welcome, but try to use the right English when posting instead of the phone text message style.	0
Erica	by Erika	0
This is just the tip of the iceberg .	This is only the tip of an iceberg.	0
The Feb 14 `` Love your race '' flier drive is coming up soon .	On February 14, the "Love Your Race" Flight Drive will soon appear.	0
I have to say I was shocked when he said the kids at his ( Junior ) school spoke 31 different languages and teachers have had to devise a system of hand signals to communicate !	I have to say that I was surprised when he said that the children of his (Junior) school spoke 31 different languages and that teachers had to develop a hand signal system to communicate!	0
http://www.belfasttelegraph.co.uk/ne...p?story=655156 And the usual loyalist reaction and freedom to Nationalists is to attack the Harryville Catholic Church and hold pickets while people pray inside if the parade goes ahead , and give abuse and threaten and attack Catholics in Ballymena .	http://www.belfasttelegraph.co.uk/ne...pstory=655156 And the usual loyalist response and freedom for nationalists is to attack the Catholic Church in Harryville and hold pickets while people inside pray as the parade progresses, and abuse and threats and anger	0
lol.	LOL is	0
.44 magnum .	44 of Magnum	0
Those of the youth hold the future .... just listen to your old farts and young at heart 20 's and 30 's for a little advise	Those of the young people have the future... they just listen to their old rhythms and young people in the heart of the 20s and the 30s for a little advice.	0
Adrien Holboth Julia Kovacs Anita Salata Dora Barkaszi Zsofia Buki Beata Frank Eszter Gulyas Eniko Halasz Ramona Kiss Marta Knoll Szandra Proksa	Adrien Holboth Julia Kovacs Anita Salata Dora Barkaszi Zsofia Bouki Beat Frank Eszter Gulyas Eniko Halasz Ramona Kisses Marta Knoll Szandra Proksa	0
In all likelyhood , it 's jews painting the road of skank for her to follow .	Probably it is Jews who paint the way of the Skank for them.	1
Lets keep it that way and not destroy it Check out this ice cave in Dobšiná Its frigging cold in there	Leave it like this and don't destroy it Discover this ice cave in Dobšiná Its cold cold there	0
I'm white and my country is white and I 'm a nationalist , and I 've been on this forum for several years without problems .	I am white, my country is white, I am a nationalist, and I have been on this forum for many years without any problems.	0
I know the thing on ebay said its first edition so i guess so , its still sitting at 51 $ so i am hoping it stays there and ill just bid like crazy the last few minutes of the auction and hopefully get it .	I know I said it’s first edition on eBay so I guess, it still sits at $51, so I promise it will stay there, and it will be crazy for the last few minutes of the auction.	0
I have read that one of the suspects was blond and in another article they were described them as ' pale youngsters ' .	I've read that one of the suspects was blonde and in another article they were described as'pale youths'.	0
Also my college did not allow jews or homosexuals .	In addition, my university did not allow Jews or homosexuals.	0
In the past , white kids were playing basketball after school , now they go home to their little video games , smoke dope or watch television .	In the past, white children played basketball after school, and now they go home to play their small video games, smoking or watching television.	0
I once knew a half Berber half Sicilian with straight blonde hair and green eyes there was nothing Negroid about him at all .	I once knew a half-barber half-Sicilian, with straight blond and green eyes, and he had no black at all.	0
Remember, when you buy California fruit you are supporting illegal immigration because that is all who pick the fruit .	Remember that when you buy California fruit, you support illegal immigration, because that’s who chooses fruit.	0
Surprisingly , I saw that a couple times during the winter .	Surprisingly, I saw it several times in the winter.	0
The recent statewide flyering campaign that blanketed Colorado in White racialist leaflets and garnered headlines in just about every Colorado newspaper and many TV stations is just one example .	The recent flight campaign throughout the state that whiteed Colorado on white racist leaves and recorded titles in almost all Colorado newspapers and many television stations is just an example.	0
It's much easier to follow the stereotype of White people that their thought controllers fill their minds with .	It is much easier to follow the stereotypes of the white people, and their thought controller fills their minds.	0
Thanks !	Thank you!	0
well done at least someone is getting off their arse and taking action rather then sitting behind a computer being a cyber warrior.i hope others will follow suit	Do well, at least someone will get out their ass, take action, and then sit behind the computer to become a cyber fighter, I hope others will follow.	0
- YouTube	and YouTube.	0
All of our tim hortons are staffed by those nast filipinos and every single town is full of Indians and asians .	All of our team hortons are employed by these Philippine nasts and each city is filled with Indians and Asians.	1
Talk about something nice .	Talk about beautiful things.	0
Kind of says where I am coming from .	It is like telling me where I came from.	0
They contain songs from many ballbreaking bands .	They contain songs from a number of ballbreaking bands.	0
The blacks and browns are detroying sweden and nobody does anything about it ! : madex : madex : madex	Black and Brown destroy Sweden and no one does anything about it! : madex: Madex: makex	1
Jag har inte själv varit med någon gång men jag har stor respekt för de som deltar .	I have not been with anyone, but I have a lot of respect for those who participate.	2
Call the jackass and tell him about hundreds of thousands of foreign nationals who have invaded our country and laid seige to our cities on May 1 .	Call him and tell him about the tens of thousands of foreigners who invaded our country and attacked our cities on May 1.	1
Why do n't White Europeans and Americans grow a set of balls , and deport these Black and brown animals from their countries ?	Why don’t white Europeans and Americans grow a ball and throw out these black and brown animals from their country?	1
``Tuleistu minu kõrvale '' ?	“Tuleistu min kõrvale”	2
Bessie Mae Whyman The Orange County grand jury indicted Anthony Darnell Wade , 26 , of Los Angeles last year of several felony counts .	Bessie Mae Whyman Orange County High Court accused 26 year old Anthony Darnell Wade of Los Angeles last year of several charges.	0
I scored higher than any non-whites too .	I also got a higher score than those who are not white.	0
Is there anywhere in central London that is still 95 % + white ?	Is there still a place where there is 95% + white in the center of London?	0
if the sensi knows what they are doing they will break down the kata and show you how each move or movies apply to a certian kind of attack .	If the senses know what they’re doing, they’ll break the kata and show you how each movement or film applies to a type of certian attack.	0
That's called white flight , and it 's why the city centre of almost every major American city is now predominantly non-white .	It’s called the White Flight, which is why almost every major American city’s city center is now mostly non-white.	0
The OP has gone to sunnier climes for a couple of weeks so I 'll close this now and explain to him on his return ....	The OP has gone to sunny climates for a few weeks, so I’ll close that now and explain it to him when he comes back.	0
Separation is the only answer !	Separation was the only answer!	1
Wait on buying this and let the gun magazines test it first .	Wait for this to be purchased and let the gun magazine try it first.	0
Please pm me or post here .	Please send me an email or mail here.	0
Indeed, the arab population of interior BC is quite high and in some of the richer areas are almost 60 % + brown .	Indeed, the Arab population in the BC is quite high, and in some wealthy areas it is almost 60% + brown.	0
They have been in Russia long enough .	They've been in Russia for a long time.	0
...the Jew shall have my Flesh , blood and bones and all ...	The Jews will have my blood, my bones and everything.	0
You my brother are a great nationalist ; and I can only hope that your truths find their way into the hearts of our nation .	You, my brother, are a great nationalist, and I can only hope that your truth will enter the heart of our country.	0
They do alot of demonstrations against immigration and for the confederate flag and are against interracial stuff .	They have a lot of anti-immigration and supportive demonstrations for the federal flag, they oppose interracial things.	0
I suppose this is an unrealistic question because they are every where but where is the whitest place on earth that I can move to .	I think this is an unrealistic question, because they are everywhere, but where is the whiteest place on Earth I can move.	0
I've said all there is to be said on your ignorance and with that ; The village idiot , will always be , the village idiot .	I have told you everything you have to say about your ignorance, and with it; the fool of the village will always be.	0
TNB !	The TNB.	3
I accept it and i like white americans .	I love it and I love white Americans.	0
Shotgun 's original owner died in 1920 , President Davis ' personal military courier .	The former owner of the shuttle died in 1920 and was a personal military officer of President Davis.	0
I utterly want to vomit after watching this disgusting pro invasion of White countries ad .	I want to vomit completely after seeing this disgusting advertisement for the invasion of the white nations.	0
This Negro got found not guilty by an insanity defense .	This black man was proved innocent by the defense of madness.	0
Same with basketball and baseball .	The same with baseball and basketball.	0
Thank goodness you 're there to pick up the slack .	Thank you for the kindness that you are here to get back the slack.	0
It is a lovely town too .	It is also a beautiful town.	0
Light and brilliant ; as , `` a lambent style ; lambent wit . ''	Light and light; such as "a color style; color witness."	0
This is my 666th post .	This is the 66th post.	0
Quick .	quickly	0
I appreciate it .	I appreciated it.	0
Thanks in advance .	Thanks in advance	0
Wasn't there a news story on here a while ago about how jews can inherit their parents memories about the holahoax and then have nightmares about it , or some other BS like that ?	There was no news story here some time ago about how Jews inherited the memories of Holocaust from their parents and then had nightmares about it, or some other similar BS?	0
Ask away Redneck .	Ask Redneck.	0
The people running SA into the ground , want to wipe them all out .	The people who run to the earth, want to erase them all.	0
The song Comfortably Numb is from Pink Floyd .	Comfortably Numb is a song by Pink Floyd.	0
I find it funny how obsessed many posters are here about how `` White '' and area is .... as if `` Whiteness '' is gauged by skin color alone .	I find it interesting how many posters are obsessed here, as if “white” and “whites” are measured only by the color of the skin.	0
Especially in the cariboo .	Particularly in the Caribou.	0
O and Happy Birthday from Michigan , US to everyone on this page , heh heh .	Happy Birthday to everyone on this page, heh heh.	0
Thanks.	thanks to	0
Not much for natives here where I live , though every store is all philipinos it seems .	Not much for the natives of this place where I live, but every shop looks like every Filipino.	0
They said that statistics show that by the year 2011 Espanol will be the main spoken laungage .	They say statistics suggest that by 2011 Spanish will be the main spoken language.	0
I pray so too .	And I pray that too.	0
The whites are who are blamed for let them in their countries .	White people are accused of allowing them in their country.	3
Shoot me a message .	Shoot a message to me.	0
Yes but upon further research I have realised its just a liability .	But through more research I realized that it was just responsibility.	0
I feel a great appreciation and admiration for the Polish people and I get sad when i hear white brothers speaking ill of the poles .	I feel great gratitude and respect for the Polish people, and I am saddened to hear that the white brothers are talking badly about the Poles.	0
I now only go into the city when i have to and i had to yesterday and I could not belive what has happend in there .I think i must have seen every peice of dirt from every corner of the globe in there it was horrible .	I just go to the city now when I have to, I must go yesterday and I can’t believe what happened there, and I think I must see every piece of dust from every corner of the earth, and there’s terrible.	1
Ill post more .	worse post.	0
Sharpless 249 and the Jellyfish Nebula Image Credit & Copyright : César Blanco González Explanation : Normally faint and elusive , the Jellyfish Nebula is caught in this alluring telescopic mosaic .	Sharpless 249 and Jellyfish Nebula Images Credit & Copyright : César Blanco González Explanation : Usually weak and unfathomable, the nebula of Jellifish is captured in this fascinating telescope mosaic.	0
As long as they have a place to get warm and you have a heater for the water so it doesnt freeze they do fine .	As long as they have a place to heat up and have a water heater so that it doesn’t freeze, they do well.	0
Nice .	very nice.	0
If I have to start compartmentalizing I use Nordic and Heathen	If I need to start compartmentalizing, I use Nordic and Heathen.	0
Whites hide in their all white cities towns neighborhoods etc .	White people are hidden in all their white cities, neighborhoods, etc.	0
I was filled with love for my race while watching this video .	I was full of love for my race when watching this video.	0
Just another sexual predator running loose .	Just another sex predator run loose.	0
Everyone I have spoken to is opposed to multiculturalism and not ONE party in Ireland will do anything about it or listen to people .	Everyone I’ve talked about is against multiculturalism, and none in Ireland will do anything about it or listen to people.	0
Your request was misconstrued , so we all hope , but maybe focus on building the movement based on conviction , not gender .	Your request was made wrong so we all hope, but probably will focus on building a belief-based movement rather than gender.	0
I dont believe i or anyone living today brought you here or wanted you here .	I don’t believe that I or anyone else who lives today has brought you here or wants you to come here.	1
Your idea sounds like the perfect plan for creating WN crack houses and a bunch of lay around druggies and drunks .	Your idea sounds like the perfect plan to create a WN crack house and a bunch of people surrounded by drugs and drunkenness.	0
By the way , im against slavery .	On the other hand, I am against slavery.	0
As long as we are tied to the Rothschild banking system we cannot be independent again .	As long as we are bound to the Rothschild banking system, we can no longer be independent.	0
Apparently the story is that the white woman flipped off one of those groids and they all came to gang up on her .	Apparently, the story is that the white woman fled from one of those screams and everyone approached her.	0
You need an extensive background check and references .	You need a broad background review and reference.	0
I went to Oklahoma for thanksgiving and spent over a $ 100.00 on their ( Amish ) pies , turkey and other food .	I went to Oklahoma to celebrate Thanksgiving and spent more than $100 on their (amish) pets, Turkey, and other foods.	0
There you go , its okay now , sshh .	Now it is fine, now it is okay, sshh.	0
Any religion that is forced is against freewill given by God .	Every religion being forced by force is contrary to the free will God has given.	0
Sid Wore that shirt for Shock the sex pistols were NEVER racist , a good example of a racist punk band is Agnostic Front .	Sid Wore Shock the sex pistols shirt was never racist and a good example of the racist punk band Agnostic	0
Back in 1981 Dusty used to show up in bars in Tampa , where my band was playing , get up onstage with us and sing `` Johnny Be Good '' and `` Long-Haired Country Boy '' , the only two songs he knew .	As early as 1981, Dusty performed at Bars in Tampa, where my band played, stood with us on stage and sang "Johnny Be Good" and "Long-Haired Country Boy", the only two songs he knew.	0
I moved here because I am going to Germany in September and wanted to see my family before I left .	I moved here because I'm going to Germany in September and want to see my family before I leave.	0
So I should probaly start working on the biscuits and gravy for breakfast when you come up then , huh ?	So I should try to start working on biscuits and strawberries for breakfast, right?	0
Its working out splendidly .	It works magnificently.	0
Naturally it will happen , even the biggest white liberal will seek out the white part of town when his neighbourhood becomes culturally enriched ie .	Of course, this will happen, even the greatest white liberal will look for the white part of the city when its neighborhood will become culturally enriched.	0
If someone on that bus was carrying a piece , they could 've taken care of that savage before he managed to stab the victim 50-60 times !	If the person on the bus carried something, he might have taken care of the barbaric man before he beat the victim 50 or 60 times.	0
Sysselmannen på Svalbard .	The city of Svalbard	2
Great link .	good link.	0
Bonnier probably control some 70 % or so of all media in Sweden .	Bonnier will probably control about 70% of all the media in Sweden.	0
I must just say before this thread possibly dies that I have great fear that without action the cause will die along with the rise of multiculturatism	I just have to say before this thread may die that I am very afraid that without action the cause will die with the emergence of multiculturalism.	0
From David Pringle For folks who have questions about the National Alliance or would just like to listen this is your chance .	By David Pringle This is your chance for those who have questions about the League of Nations or just want to listen.	0
its simple , your white. your genetic code doesnt include a racial commitment to crime. be glad and for for those reasons. this is what society has turned into. take a stand and defend your race. we must secure the existence of our people and a future for white children.-david lane white racial loyalty starts here keep it white	Your genetic code does not include racial commitments to crime, be happy for those reasons, this is what society has changed, take a stand and protect your race, we must secure the presence of our people and the future of white children.	1
I recommend Quex to watch first .	I would recommend that you watch Quex first.	0
Looks like JJT has again taken the lead .	It seems that JJT has taken a leading position again.	0
I saw AHX for the first time the other day and I would not say it 's Pro Aryan .	I saw AHX the other day for the first time and I’t say it’s Pro Aryan.	0
While it is hard to compete with the success of the white nationalist front under supreme chairman Goudreau , There are groups and a community here that is working to build up a local movement based on positive activism and friendly gatherings .	While it is difficult to compete with the successful White Nationalist Front led by Supreme President Goudreau, there are groups and communities here that are working to build a local movement based on active activism and friendly rallies.	0
Tamir Hamilton , sadistic rapist/murder .	Tamir Hamilton, the sadist murderer and kidnapper.	0
Last time I wore something even half that high I nearly broke my ankle and my neck .	The last time I was wearing something even half so high, I really broke my neck and neck.	0
You prove that multiculturalism works , your the one that started this troll thread , fag boy .	They prove that multiculturalism works, you who started this troll stream, fag boy.	0
88 !	This is 88.	0
Traitors are pathetic ignorant fools , and negroes are fools because they are starting to literally bite the hands that feed them .	Traitors are painful and ignorant fools, and black people are stupid because they literally start to bite the hand that feeds them.	1
Source	Source of	0
Being the asocial person I am , I preferred fewer people .	Because I am an associal person, I prefer less people.	0
i live near albany but i could hang out with u if u want we could beat upsome unpure infidels if you would like	I live near Albany, but I could hang with you if you want, we could overcome unclean unbelievers if you wish	1
Yet every year a snow boarder or skier see the untouched snow and ca n't resist and ends up going over a 1,000 foot cliff to his death .	But every year, a snowboarder or skier sees the untouched snow and can’t resist, ending up with a 1000-foot rock until his death.	0
And sorry brown-man , your people did not invent ' non-violence ' .	And sorry, Brownman, your people didn’t invent “non-violence”.	0
I would actually go with a bolt action .22 LR with a decent scope .	I would really like to go with a coil.22 LR action with a decent range.	0
Don't start me raging on all the German and Swedish students we have here taking places from the country 's native people I can imagine there is quite alot Finns in Swedens universities though .	Don’t start annoying me about all the German and Swedish students we have here, taking the seats from the indigenous peoples of the country, I can imagine that there are quite a lot of Finns in Sweden.	0
The goal should be to run them the hell out of the country .	The goal should be to get them out of hell.	0
It's important we educate ourselves one way or another .	It is important that we educate ourselves in one way or the other.	0
And if we had just a few hundred more people on this data base thread , we would have those open PLEs by now .	And if we only had a few hundred people on this database thread, we would have those PLEs open by now.	0
Monster .	Monsters	0
Militias are too risky with the Feds .	Military forces are too dangerous with the Fed.	0
If you would like to join the group it explains on our board all about P.L.E and what our goals are .	If you want to join this group, it explains all about P.L.E on our board and what our goals are.	0
Meanwhile the white boy is centered behind him and looks clueless .	Meanwhile, the white boy is centred behind him and seems clueless.	0
Sorry to hear you 're so down .	Sorry for hearing you're so down.	0
Should I go for the .45 and knock em down or should I go 9mm hi cap since its like an infestation .	You should go through the.45 and hit the bottom or you should go 9mm hi cap as it is like an infestation.	0
White men and women who have many white children and teach them.to be white nationalist do more for our cause than these groups .	The white men and women who have a lot of white children and teach them, to be white nationalists, do more for us than these.	0
I clean my own toilet as for public toilets and such there is no dirty work there it is an Economical contribution 2508	I clean my own bathroom as for the public baths and so there is no dirty work there is an economic contribution 2508	0
I did time in Az. and out of the 7 years I was there I spent 6 in super max , but I am amongst the living once more friends , for almost five years now. people go to super max for all kinds of reasons .	I had time in Az. and since the 7 years I have spent 6 in super max, but I am among the live friends once again, for five years now.	0
7.62x25 IN STOCK http://www.sportsmansguide.com/net/b...95&s=987&stk=19x18INSTOCKhttp://www.sportsmansguide.com/net/b...95&s=958&stk=1HURRYONTHIS!!!7.62X39ARABIC&WOLFINSTOCKhttp://www.sportsmansguide.com/net/b...96&s=953&stk=1223ANDPLENTYOFIThttp://www.sportsmansguide.com/net/b ... 96 & s = 907 & stk = 1 spg 's stocks are up right now get it fast !!! _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ jgsales has almost everything IN STOCK !!! they have alot of 308 surplus ammo in stock about the only place i have seen with it in stock .308 ammo http://www.jgsales.com/index.php/amm ... o-/cPath/12 _ 43 check out the rest of there stuff too they have alot of ammo and guns in stock right now not sure weather to post this here but how much is brass going for i have ample supply of 223 and some 30-06 , anyone interested pm me , will barter for 7.62x39 or .38 spec .	7.62x25 IN STOCK http://www.sportsmansguide.com/net/b...95&s=987&stk=19x18INSTOCKhttp://www,sportsmensguid.com / b/net / b...95 & s=958& stk=1HURRYONTHIS!!!7.62X39ARABIC&WOLFINSTockhttp:// www,sportssgide.co.uk/ b...96&b/s=953ANDPLENTYOFIThttp://W.sportSMansguid	0
Welcome, Sir .	Welcome to you, sir.	0
-Adolf Hitler ( Mein Kampf )	by Adolf Hitler (Meine Kampf)	0
Why would we first start in a city ?	Why should we start in the city?	0
Thank you very much for your contribution !	Thank you so much for your contributions!	0
Their mother had self-respect and respect for others and are passing those values down to their daughters .	Their mothers have self-esteem and respect for others and pass on these values to their daughters.	0
This thread is an example of white people not forming an alliance anytime soon When we still have whites fighting over who is more white .	This thread is an example of white people who never form an alliance as soon as we still have white people fighting for the white people.	0
I want to have 3 children ! 2 girls and 1 boy but the hardest part now is i got to try and find someone to make them with , but so far no luck	I want to have 3 kids! 2 girls and 1 boy, but the most difficult part now is that I have to try to find someone I can do them with but so far no luck	0
YOU do not control the lives of Whites by taking over their nations and forcing multiculturalism upon them against their will .	You don’t control the lives of white people by taking over their country and forcing multiculturalism against their will.	0
Eric Denson of Springfield pleads innocent to stabbing of Cathedral High School senior Conor Reynolds | Massachusetts Local News - MassLive.com	Eric Denson of Springfield confesses guilt for beating Conor Reynolds of the Cathedral High School	0
In doing so I came across these `` twisted '' new buildings located there :	As a result, I came to these "distorted" new buildings that are located there:	0
I proved that fyromanians are blind people and if I show them picture of beautiful white bulgarian girl and not told them that she is bulgarian they will see at her as a white european which is it , instead of calling her `` tatar '' or `` mongol '' which is not .	I proved the Florans were blind, and if I showed them a picture of a beautiful white Bulgarian girl, rather than telling them she was Bulgarian, they would see her as a white European, and not call her “Tatar” or “Mongol”, that’s not.	0
Elected from the Fredericia district , in the Vejle region , she is the youngest member in the history of the Assembly .	Selected from the Frederic District of the Vale district, she is the youngest member in parliamentary history.	0
Girls from different Russian dating sites - they are not all `` cute and cuddly '' but nevertheless .....	Girls from different Russian dating sites – they’re not all “sweet and cuddly” but nevertheless...	0
Comments say she is from SA .	It is said that she was from SA.	0
Take pics of blacks , junkies and gangsters on the streets and next take pics of the schools .	They take pictures of blacks, junkie and gangsters in the streets and then take pictures from the school.	0
Our school systems are nothing more then breeding grounds for the slave system the zionist are determined to create .	Our school system is only the breeding ground of the slavery that the Zionists are determined to create.	1
The definition just says sexual dancing but that is actually something old since the 80s or maybe even 60s .	The definition is just about sex dancing, but it’s actually something old from the 80s and even the 60s.	0
White kids need to interact with kneegrows and other non white kids or they 'll be lost in the real come the time they leave home ...	White children will need to interact with their knees and other non-white children, or they will be lost to reality when they leave the house.	1
Ya know , if they can sell this stuff to White women , what CAN' T they sell them ? They could literally spread dog poop on a bun and charge $ 10 a sandwich ... I ca n't wait to see the commercials and watch some beauty like Sandra Bullock sink her teeth into it !!	If they could sell these things to white women, what would they sell? they could literally spread the dog pop to the bon and charge $10 for the sandwich...I’m not looking forward to seeing the ads and looking for a beauty like Sandra Brook to swallow her teeth.	0
January 29th , 2012 - Whitefish Lake frozen over .	January 29, 2012 – White Fish Lake is frozen.	0
NATIVE = WHO REACHED THE LAND FIRST	Native: The first person to arrive in the country.	0
The rag-heads dont have the numbers to kick off in Ireland yet , but when they do , you will know all about it .	In Ireland, heads don’t have enough numbers yet, but when they do, you’ll know it all.	1
I have n't rode a bus since .	I have not been on the bus since then.	0
Another black is now trying to convince me that black slaves were force-fed animal lard through huge tubes and had their hands and feet cut off so they could work in the cotton fields without running away	Another black man is now trying to convince me that the black slave is forced to feed animals, through a huge pipe, their hands and legs are cut, so they can work in a cotton field without escaping.	1
Cheers !	Congratulations!	0
I would have jumped at the chance to get a gun for my birthday .	I had taken the opportunity to get a weapon for my birthday.	0
And anyone wonders why white students avoid UC Berkeley ?	And anyone wondered why white students avoided UC Berkeley.	0
All that stuff makes for Good TV ........ The shows Great and keep you on Pins and Needles .	Everything that makes for a good TV.... the show is good and keeps you in Pins and Needles.	0
Though I am not a Christian , I can read it alongside the English and try to figure out words I do n't know .	Although I’m not a Christian, I can read it next to the English and try to find words that I don’t know.	0
Stupid theory ?	A stupid theory?	0
You may be right , I do n't remember if I was using a liberal curve or not when giving him a 3.5	You may be right, I don't remember if I used a liberal curve when I gave him 3.5	0
I finish drinking and then I drive .	I drink and then drive.	0
How much for a single white male to purchase a small plot ?	How much does a white man cost to buy a small land?	0
Usually go to Lake Michigan Beach , MI .	Most of the time we go to Lake Michigan Beach.	0
Police believe that the couple was likely killed Thursday afternoon .	Police believe the couple may have been killed on Thursday afternoon.	0
That 's the only beach i 've ever been to and then again i 've only been 4 or so times , the first time I went I saw 3 skins , two being guys and one had a panzerfaust shirt on and the other had a big swazi on his lower back and it did n't seem like he was getting * * * * for it in public , then I saw a few other 's on later trip 's , you 're not alone comrade .	It’s the only beach I’ve ever been to, and then I only went four times, and when I first went I saw three skins, two of which were boys, one wearing a shirt and the other with a big boy on the back, and it didn’t look like he got it in public, then I saw a few others on a later trip, you’re not the only comrades.	0
That was a wonderful article by Kevin Myers .	This is a great article by Kevin Myers.	0
they sure did and the irony of it all is they said they were doing it to prevent theft by criminals. in my books the act of theft is what would make you a criminal	They did it and the irony of all this is that they said it was to prevent theft by criminals.	0
Nothing like the good old days with the size ten in a cell to have a vicious criminal begging a Garda to stop so he could confess , eh !	There is nothing like an old good day, a ten-size in a cell with a wicked criminal begging a guard to stop so that he can admit, oh!	0
There is SO much physical and scientific evidence that ancient Egyptians were not negro .	There are so many physical and scientific evidence that the ancient Egyptians were not black.	0
Ages from 18-21. please write me back.xoxoxoxoxoxox	ages 18 to 21 years old, please write me again.xoxoxoxxox	0
If everything was in one section no one would be able to follow anything it 's already hectic as it is .	If everything was in one section, nobody would have been able to follow anything, it is already intense.	0
It's wise to think in terms of `` 3 's '' when stocking up .	It is wise to think of the meaning of “three”.	0
I have not been on much for a couple days , busy at home .	I’ve been busy at home for a few days.	0
Shannon county is famous for its wild horses and the whole area is timbered and rugged .	Shannon County is famous for its wild horses, and the entire area is wooded and solid.	0
Dogs and coyotes are two different species that can breed and produce fertile offspring .	Dogs and coyots are two different species which can breed and produce fertile descendants.	0
So we are upgraded blacks .... ??	So, we are upgrading black people...???	0
I havent been in Mayo in around three years but back then it was one of the last good Irish places left .	I’ve been in Mayo for about three years, but at that time it was one of the last good places in Ireland.	0
Yes, we are but you will find these people are often Nordic as their subrace .	Yes, we are, but you will find that these people are often Nordic.	0
They just wanna shake him down Anytime new military units get involved in the drug war in Mehico they learn the ropes lightning fast and go for the $ $ $ $ $ $ .	They just wanted to shock him that at any time, new military forces were involved in the Mexican drug war, they learned the lightning fast rope, and went for the dollar.	0
I lived by what is or was the Union 76 truckstop and the T/A truckstop off of Milliken Avenue exit on I-10 .	I stayed at what was either the Union 76 truck stop and the T/A truck station out of Millikan Avenue on the I-10.	0
WPWW 14/88	The WPW 14/78	0
Agree with Barrrytheanglosaxon with many points ... Oh !	Agree with Barrrytheanglosaxon with a lot of points... Oh!	0
I hate it and I feel like I ca n't do anything about it .	I hate it and feel like I’m not doing anything about it.	0
i would like to see them , they are one of my all time faves !	I’d like to see them, they’re one of my all-time faves!	0
For some reason these immigrants do n't have the same bad attitudes US blacks do .	For any reason, these immigrants do not have the same bad attitudes that the US black people do.	0
Anglo-Bank/New Central Bank HQ , Truth-Graf Protest , Wednesday 5th June , 2013 .	Anglo-Bank/New Central Bank HQ, Truth-Graf Protest, Wednesday, June 5, 2013.	0
Half Italian on my father 's side , my mother 's white but was adopted so half of me is a mystery .	Half Italian on my father’s side, white on my mother’s, but adopted, so my half is mysterious.	0
i live up the block from a muslim mask. every friday they rule the streets. they think that they can walk anywhere they want and if your are white they give you a look just klike when you pass through a black neighborhood. they are the same as them nigs	Every Friday they rule the streets. they think they can walk where they want and if they are white they give you a look simply when you pass through a black neighborhood.	1
We stopped and looked at each other like `` WTF ??!	We stopped and looked at one another like “WTF?”	0
I find that video disturbing at best .	I think this video is the most troubling.	0
My mom 's people are originally from down your way in Wise Co. , and also in Tazewell and Russell .	My mother’s people originally came from Wise Co. and also from Tazewell and Russell.	0
Every word , the truth .	Every word is truth.	0
i am a damn good white woman. perhaps u are looking in all the wrong places. we are not hard to find. and if u treat us right , we usually stick around for a while .	I'm a good white girl.Maybe you're looking all the wrong places.We're not hard to find.And if you treat us right, we're usually around for a while	0
His spirit will always be with us and we will always honor him as the man who led us out of the darkness so we will never get lost again as a people .	His soul will be with us forever, and we will always honor him because he has led us out of the dark so that we will never be lost as a nation again.	0
I know mopeds are dangerous so are your krautschrockerts. btw this is a Yamaha i like .	I know motorcycles are dangerous, so it’s your krautschrockerts. btw that’s what I like about Yamaha.	0
Im not a girl , but i am a 17 year old Skin from Canada .	I am not a girl, but I am a 17-year-old Skin from Canada.	0
You should be angry at them not us as they sold you from your own homeland .	You should be angry with them, not with us, because they sold you out of your homeland.	0
https://scontent-a-ord.xx.fbcdn.net/hphotos-prn1/560008_10200593451827685_1725723611_n.jpg Antique photo of French motorized tricycles https : //scontent-b-ord.xx.fbcdn.net/hphotos-ash4/603341 _ 10200196698389097 _ 1099230950 _ n.jpg Man with elaborate motorized tricycle More photos : https : //www.facebook.com/isabelle.br ... 1025670 & type = 3	https://scontent-a-ord.xx.fbcdn.net/hphotos-prn1/560008_10200593451827685_1725723611_n.jpg Ancient Pictures of French Motorcycle Tricycles https: //s content-b-ord. xx. fbcDN.net / hphotos -ash4/603341 _ 10200196698389097 _ 1099230950 _ n.jpg More Photos of Men with Fashionable Motorcycles: HTTPS: //www.facebook.com/isabelle.br... 1025670 & Type = 3	0
Sharpton just wants to get his hands on da White House fleet of limousines .	Sharpton just wants to put his hand on the White House limousine fleet.	0
I 've only recently came to new conclusions ; or found old ones .	Only recently I have come to new conclusions; or I have found the old ones.	0
Then is n't it time that whites became the minority when it comes to financing said schools ?	Is it not time for the white to become the minority when it comes to the financing of the aforementioned schools?	0
1 .	The 1.	0
I did the National Geographic test .	I have done the National Geographic Test.	0
I'm looking for an intelligent White man with a sense of humor between the ages of 21-32 .	I am looking for a smart white man with a sense of humor between the ages 21-32.	0
I have heard this from many different groups .	I have heard it from several different groups.	0
I guess it makes sense for them , but they will eventually have to decide whether Jesus was Black or Christianity is false : from their perspective both ca n't be true .	I suppose that it makes sense to them, but they will finally have to decide whether Jesus was Black or that Christianity is false: from their point of view, both are not true.	0
hello all glad to be in a community of proud white folk just a shame its online as opposed to leaving the front door none the less im honoured to be here	Hi all happy to be in a community of proud white people, just a shame that they are online, instead of leaving the front door no one less in honest	0
Let 's just hope this is n't worst case scenario .	Let's just hope this is not the worst scenario.	0
Take a good thing when you see it .	Do something good when you see it.	0
- A Memphis teen is behind bars , charged with kidnapping and raping a 15 year old girl .	A Memphis teenager is behind the bars, accused of kidnapping and rape of a 15-year-old girl.	0
BS!	The BS.	0
left: Satzvey Castle .	To the left, the castle of Satzvey.	0
My strategy for targeting churches is to ride my bike around the church parking lot during mass and toss business cards at the parked cars while I 'm riding .	My strategy targeting the church is to ride a bicycle around the church parking lot and throw a business card into a car parked during the parking lot.	0
Oh yeah it 's because they study so hard and their family 's value education ect ect ......	Oh yes, it’s because they study so hard and their family’s value education ect.	0
This is why I avoid them .	That's why we avoid them.	0
I have been coming here for a while now as a guest and today i finally decided to join so here i am .	I’ve been here for some time as a guest and today I finally decided to come here, so here I am.	0
I would like to have a look round too Planning it for later this year Just a look round Looks like a beautiful country from the air ( google )	I would like to have a look around too and plan it later this year and just look around and look like a beautiful country in the air (google)	0
Haha, I 'm on my phone now and ca n't type a huge response , but I want to congratulate you on your nomination for worst liberal logic ever .	Haha, I'm now on my phone and can't give a great answer, but I want to congratulate you that you've been nominated for the worst liberal logic ever.	0
A happy St. David 's day to all of our Welsh compatriots !	Congratulations to all our Welsh comrades on St. David’s Day!	0
I needed to be in 3 places last night , including this one : Christmas with the Gothard Sisters 2014 : Show Teaser - YouTube	I had to be in 3 places yesterday evening, including this: Christmas with the Gothard Sisters 2014 : Show Teaser - YouTube	0
Dublin has had it !	Dublin does have it!	0
It is time that we stop talking about losing ground and start doing something about it .	It’s time we stop talking about losing ground and begin to do something about it.	0
And a 99 cent unit study store here .	There is also a 99 cents unit learning store.	0
Best wishes with this important new project , from a Pagan perspective it is encouraging to see renewed interest in pre-Christian European folk heritage .	This important new project, from a pagan perspective, encourages a new interest in pre-Christian European folk heritage.	0
She was muslim not sikh .	He was a Muslim, not a Sikh.	0
It's Mein Kampf and no he never said anything about killing every jew on the earth like the jews claim he wanted to do .	It is Mein Kampf and he has never said anything to kill all the Jews on the earth as Jews claim that he	0
My son 's university has a `` College of Liberal Arts , '' ( CLA ) which awards B.A. degrees .	My son’s university has a “College of Liberal Arts” (CLA) that grants bachelor’s degrees.	0
Great gun though !	A good gun!	0
Not to mention that its a business in jails among the gangs too .	Not to mention that it is also a case of prisons among gangs.	0
All lovely white ladies are welcome to chat with me .	All beautiful white girls are welcome to chat with me.	0
Stay for Gel test .	Go for the gel test.	0
Say I 'm glad your mother had you. or , If it was normal , we would be extinct .	Say I’m glad your mother has you, or say, if that’s normal, we’ll be extinct.	0
Ok thank you ....	Well, thank you...	0
The country with the most significant `` baby-boom '' is Estonia ( TFR from ~ 1,2 in 1998 to ~ 1,7 in this year ) : http://pub.stat.ee/px-web.2001/Dialo...Births/&lang=1AlsoCzechRep.hasitsfertilityratesignificiantlyincreased:http://www.czso.cz/eng/csu.nsf/informace/aoby032008.doc Denmark and Norway in this year probably will have record high TFR level since early 1970 's .	The country with the most significant “baby boom” is Estonia (TFR was from 1998 to 1.2 this year to 1.7): http://pub.stat.ee/px-web.2001/Dialo...Births/&lang=1AlsoCzechRep.hasitsfertilityratesignifiantlyincreased:http://www.czso.cz/eng/csu.nsf/informace / aoby032008.doc Denmark and Norway have record high TFR levels since the early 1970s	0
Like made good money .	How to make good money.	0
There is some bad news .	There is a few bad news.	0
Videos etc welcome .	Welcome videos and so on.	0
You are NOT a worthless white .	You are not an unworthy white.	0
YouTube - Euclid Square Mall , 2007 ( Dead Mall ) Can anyone report in from Euclid , Ohio ?	YouTube - Euclid Square Mall, 2007 ( Dead Center ) Can anyone sign up from Euclide, Ohio?	0
Will do so on Monday , David Irving is a political prisoner in a Europe where you can deny the existence of Jesus Christ but go to jail for denying the existence of gas chambers .	David Irving is a political prisoner in Europe, where you can deny the existence of Jesus Christ, but go to prison for denying the presence of the gas room.	0
Anyone in Ireland who has got some flags please say where you got them , because I want some too .	Anyone who has flags in Ireland, please tell me where you got them from, because I want something too.	0
On Set of Nickelodeon 's `` The Haunted Hathaways '' - YouTube 3 white women no father living in a house with three negro males .	In Set of Nickelodeon's 'The Haunted Hathaways'- YouTube, three white women without a father live in a house with three black men.	0
After one day , there wasn`t a byte of new information about this .	After a day, there was no new information about it.	0
So Whites in the next generation are only 20 % of the population ... in their own homelands .	Thus, the next generation white people account for only 20% of the population... in their own country of origin.	0
Of course , I live in a rather small town ( 30.000 inhabitants ) .	I live in a small town (30,000 inhabitants).	0
1wolf, What is the tight referring to in your slogan .	1wolf, what does it mean in your motto?	0
That would n't be nice .	It would not be pleasant.	0
My favorite time of year !	Our favorite time of the year!	0
Hilarious !!!	It is funny!!	0
Load the shells with pieces of steel rod .	Fill the shell with pieces of steel.	0
Wow, in just two hours you found your white knight .	Wow, in only two hours you have found your white knight.	0
The goal of this poll is to figure out whether or not you view the White US troops in Iraq as your troops ?	The purpose of this survey is to figure out whether you consider the White American Army in Iraq to be your troops.	0
Photoshop by enemies is a theory that makes a lot of sense .	Photoshop by enemy is a theory that makes lots of sense.	0
i use it as way to intimidae jew to show them that there are still people who are aginst them it did originate in Roman it was called the wariors salute	I used it as a way for the intimidae Jews to show them that people are still opposed to them and it began in Rome and it was called wariors salut	1
Further pictures and details from `` Greek and Roman Artillery Wiki '' .	More images and details of “Greek and Roman artillery Wiki”.	0
Thank all you noble racialists .	Thanks to all the noble racists.	0
Is it Hansel and Gretel , where the clever young German kids throw the evil old witch into her own oven and cook her ?	Was it Hansel and Gretel, the clever young German boy who threw the evil old witch into their furnace and cooked her?	0
Booklet updated on Dec. 9th , 2013 .	This book was updated on December 9, 2013.	0
Like This [ img ] Documents and SettingsBlueGuardSkrivebordNy Bitmapbillede.JPG [ /img ]	Like This [ img ] Document and SettingsBlueGuardSkrivebordNy Bitmapbillede.jpg	0
We 'll win that way ...... LOL	I’m going to win this way, LOL.	0
Do you have any figures on this ?	Do you have figures about it?	0
Yes the camp out will take place next month , we have a magnificent spot for it in the mountains of leinster .	Yes, the camp will take place next month, and we have a great place for it in the Rennes Mountains.	0
The British Protestants built strange communities in Northern Ireland , and the Irish Catholics said : `` What is happening here ? ''	British Protestants built a strange community in Northern Ireland, and Irish Catholics said, “What’s happening here?	0
Just another day. . . .	Just one more day...	0
I only ordered once-by cash and had no problems .	I ordered only once in cash and there was no problem.	0
Is this true ?	Is it true?	0
After you realize that you will never be accepted equal to them you are welcome to come back .	Once you have realized that you will never be accepted to their equal, you are welcome to come back.	0
http://ca.reuters.com/article/topNews/idCATRE75S52620110629	HTTP://ca.reuters.com/Articles/topNews/IDCATRE75S52620110729	0
In order to help increase the booklets downloads , it would be great if all Stormfronters who had YouTube accounts , could display the following text in the description boxes of their uploaded YouTube videos .	To help increase the library downloads, it would be good if all Stormfronters with a YouTube account could display the following text in the description box of the YouTube video they uploaded.	0
http://www.vdare.com/stix/100209_pearcy_massacre.htmhttp://www.amren.com/ar/2002/08/index.htmlhttp://www.racismeantiblanc.bizland.com/005/02-02.htmhttp://thezebraproject.blogspot.com/	HTTP://www.vdare.com/stix/100208_pearcy_massacre.htmhttp://www	0
I'm glad to hear about my brothers being ready to fight like that , lets just hope in the future these immigrants with no right will get something good enough so they 'll finally leave	I am glad to hear my brothers are ready to fight this way, and I hope that in the future these unrighteous immigrants will get a good thing enough, so they will eventually leave.	1
It's sort of like the Black computer genius that only appears with any ubiquity on television or in the cinema .	It’s like a black computer genius that’s only seen on television or in theaters.	0
I got 6A 's and 4 B 's .	I got 6A's and 4B's	0
Mitt is that you ?	Are you the Mitt?	0
Many systems are in reality authoritarian because of human nature 's habit of demanding obedience and then wanting to purge opponents : it is just the radical right philosophy that is honest about it .	Many systems are in fact authoritarian due to the habit of human nature to demand obedience and then to want to purify opponents: only right-wing radical philosophy is honest about it.	0
2 .	and 2.	0
Put the crack pipe down moron !	Take the crack pipe to moron!	0
Im surprised C18 wasnt mentioned , they always are when the OB smash the EVIL neo = nazis Yellow press at its best	Im surprise C18 was not mentioned, they are still when the OB destroys the NEO / NEO = Nazi the yellow press to its best	1
Switching schools is easy .	Switches to schools are easy.	0
I can honestly say I feel dumber after reading posts on that board .	I can honestly say that I felt stupid after reading the post on the board.	0
How do you feel about marriages between whites and racially mixed people ?	What do you think about marriages between white and mixed racial people?	0
Sorry I did n't get too cut her this weekend she was sick .	Sorry, I didn't cut her so much this weekend, she was sick.	0
5 months break divided during the year .	The five-month break is divided over a year.	0
Hey guys please go here to help us send the Mexicans back to Mexico .	Please come here to help us send the Mexicans to Mexico.	1
These people have no idea about who they are or where they came from and any knowledge that they do have has guilt attached to it .	These people don’t know who they are or where they came from, and all the knowledge they have has a sense of guilt associated with it.	0
Who said we invented literally EVERYTHING useful ?	Who said we literally invented everything that is useful?	0
Pathetic scum .	Pathetical scum.	0
2508	of 508.	0
nice to see another maritimer , the south shore is a beautiful place , i ride down that way a lot on my harley , i live in the annapolis valley .	I'm glad to see another sea area, the southern coast is a beautiful place, I walk on my shore and I live in the Annapolis Valley.	0
I have to walk the dog now but will come back later to watch the video 's that were posted .	I have to walk my dog now, but I'm going back later to see the video posted.	0
The link in my sig lne `` Christian Identity and Identifying the jew '' explains this	The link in “Christian Identity and the Identification of the Jew” explains this.	1
Just got turned on to a website from a friend of mine .	I just went to my friend's website.	0
On second thought they wo n't report it at all .	In the second sense, they don’t report it at all.	0
The BNP gained three times the votes it had in last election .	The BNP won three times as many votes as it had in the last elections.	0
May I have another !	I wish I had one more!	0
How could you begin to tell people that all this multi cultural stuff is wrong without being hated on by our fellow people ?	How can you start telling people that all these multicultural things are false without being hated by our fellow citizens?	0
The next step is to network with fellow whites .	The next step is networking with fellow white people.	0
Truckers Music - YouTube Trucker Song by band Head Hands and Feet ( southern rock I guess ) with lots of beautiful pictures and beautiful women !	Truckers Music - YouTube Trucker Song by the band Head Hands and Feet (rock from the south, I suppose ) with lots of beautiful photos and beautiful women!	0
We can work together and look after each other which blacks cant. We can think as individuals and do things because they are right and not because we are told to , which asians cant.	We think as individuals and can do things because we are right, not because we’re told, but because what Asians don’t say.	1
Thank you .	thank you	0
Japanese American Internment ( U.S. Govt Propaganda ) - YouTube Japanese American internment - Wikipedia , the free encyclopedia The Japanese-American Internment in America 1942 .	The Japanese-American Internement in America 1942 - Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia.	0
Clash of the services !!	Conflict of service!	0
1330 WFIN News with Tom Sheldon and Scott Jennings - Findlay Ohio	1330 WFIN News with Tom Sheldon & Scott Jennings – Findlay Ohio	0
P.S. So your are in U.K ?	P.S. Are you in the United States?	0
Go check out my band in the review section of this oh so bad ass website .	Go check out my band on this oh, so bad ass site comment section.	0
McCourt the brother of that lier who wrote that book full of lies is running on a gay anti war platform in New York.From a video of his speech the Limerick blogger has it on youtube .	McCourt, the brother of this learner who wrote this book full of lies, runs on a gay anti-war platform in New York.	0
Maybe it skips a generation ?	Could we let go of a generation?	0
I was escorted from the camp/jail by 2 polish policeman as denying/questioning the hoax-acuast is illegal .	I was accompanied from the camp/gel by two Polish police officers as the destruction/destruction of the Hoax East is illegal.	1
Yep!	Yes yes!	0
Deanna Spingola and Dr. Lorraine Day - Zionism , the Holocaust , Aids and Vaccines YouTube - Deanna Spingola and Dr. Lorraine Day - Zionism , the Holocaust , Aids and Vaccines Listen/watch the full interview @ Deanna Spingola and Dr. Lorraine Day - Zionism , the Holocaust , Aids and Vaccines : Free Download & Streaming : Internet Archive www.DrDay.com www.GoodNewsAboutGod.com	Deanna Spingola and Dr. Lorraine Day - Zionism, the Holocaust, AIDS and Vaccines YouTube - Deanna spingola & Dr. lorraine day - ZIONISM, the holocaust, AIDS and Vacines Listen/watch the full interview @ Deanna Slingola and dr. Lorrine Day – Zionisme, theHolocaust.	1
Everybody to there own I guess .	Everyone has it here, I think.	0
http://www.hardylaw.net/Truth_About_Bowling.html	HTTP://www.hardylaw.net/Second_About Bowling.html	0
Breaks the heart ...	Broke the heart.	3
I definitely feel that way towards Snowy Owl .	I’m definitely feeling that way to the Snowy Owl.	0
Stories like this are so sad .	A story like this is so sad.	0
The only references that I 've found that appear to contain the information you seek seem to require some form of payment .	The only reference I found, which seems to contain the information you are looking for, seems to require some form of payment.	0
Handelsbetjent I really appreciate your help , Profoss .	I am truly grateful for your help, Profoss.	0
You picked a poor time to start such a thread seeing as how just this week the IRA were categorically cleared of all paramilitary/terrorist/illegal activity .	You’ve chosen a bad time to start such a line this week as if the IRA had clearly cleared out all of its para-military/terrorist/illegal activities.	0
Do not eat meat with any starchy food and weight will start dropping off bigtime .	Do not eat meat with hard foods and the weight will begin to fall from time to time.	0
The have no concept of honour or of having respect for the feelings of others .	They don’t have the concept of honor or respect for the feelings of others.	1
Lying Marxists !	Fake Marxists!	1
I think everything should be done to preserve the great apes .	I think I have to do everything to protect the giant monkeys.	0
I live on Long Island , need to get a new drivers license , but when I do , Im up for travelling .	I live in Long Island, I need to get a new driving license, but when I do, I’m ready to travel.	0
Because Illyrian-Celt tribes ( Dalmatie , Japods etc ) lived on present day Croatia , then the Slavic Croats arrived and assimilated those Illyrian-Celts , and on end we have Germanic influx during Frankish empire , Holy Roman Empire , Austro-Hungarian Empire and ww1 + ww2 period .	Because the Illyrian Celtic tribes (Dalmatia, Japods, etc.) lived in the present-day Croatia, then the Slav Croats came and assimilated those Illyrian Celts, and in the end we have the Germanic affluence during the Franco Empire, the Holy Roman Empire and the Austro-Hungarian Empire.	0
Or for that matter thinks he is a tree ?	Or is it because he thinks he's a tree?	0
She became a suspect when two people contacted the Department of Revenue claiming an agency employee requested credit card information when they called to make payments on their accounts .	She became a suspect when two people contacted the Revenue Department, claiming that when they called, an agency employee asked for credit card information to pay their bills.	0
Graduate school seems like a good place to meet and marry a man who is as intelligent as she obviously is .	Graduate school seems to be a great place to meet and marry a man as smart as her.	0
Is it a finnish version of `` Får får får ? '' ?	This is a Finnish version of “Får får får?”	0
And teach her to carry it in a place she can get to it quickly .	And teach them to bring it to a place where they can quickly reach.	0
Most of those Youth were goths and they lit up when they saw real White people .	Most of those young men were Goth, and when they saw the true white men, they were bright.	0
All I know is one speed , put them down asap !	All I know is a speed, throw them down!	0
They have improved the site .	It has improved the site.	0
They dont think a child of their own race is good enough ?	Do they not think their own race children are good enough?	0
On his first day of school , he is tormented by the evil spirited White children .	On the first day of school, he was tortured by evil white children.	0
Learning how to find good TV shows online and watch what I want when I want has tripled my quality of life .	Learning how to find good TV shows online and watching what you want when you want has tripled my quality of life.	0
Well anything can be a `` hate crime '' these days , I heard recently that a guy in Scotland was charged for `` revving his car racistly '' ..... whatever that is	Well, anything can become a “hate crime,” and I recently heard of a man in Scotland accused of “racist driving”... whatever.	0
Anthony DeShawn Washington , 18 , of Avondale , and Jonathan Anthony Gutierrez , 18 , of Tolleson , were booked on felony counts of burglary , theft of a means of transportation and criminal trespassing , Avondale police said .	Avondale’s Anthony DeShawn Washington, 18, and Tolleson’s Jonathan Anthony Gutierrez were arrested on charges of robbery, theft of transportation, and criminal offences.	0
I think girls go to clubs to meet guys cause there are so many guys there it makes it easier to meet some one. atleast thats what i have been told. im not into the dancing they do .	I think girls go to clubs to meet boys because there are so many boys there, which makes it easier for them to see certain people.	0
I screamed WTF and the GF came running out of the bedroom wondering what happened. we both got a good chuckle out of it .	I screamed WTF and GF jumped out of the bedroom and wondered what was going on.	0
Someone who ca n't get their point across without using a hundred curse words does n't even deserve to be answered .	Those who cannot find their point without using the words of a hundred curses are not worthy of being answered.	0
I can think of some yummier spots than the back of my head where I 'd like to be held. but that 's just me .	I could imagine some spots worse than the back on my head, and I wanted to be locked up there, but that was just me.	0
The new government is exactly as anti-White as they want. : upside	The new government is as anti-white as they want.	0
Or another type :	Or a different type:	0
I now have a wife and kids and I would n't have it any other way .	Now I have a wife and children and there is no other way.	0
hi lily i am not to far from ya i live in olean ny.i am new on this to hope we can become friends .	Hi Lilly I'm not far Yes I live in Orean.I'm new about this I hope we can be friends.	0
Some of the things I have heard about teachers having to put up with is insane .	Some of the things I’ve heard about teachers are crazy.	0
I do n't know if the person that said that ever leaves the house , but all I ever see are black guys and Mexicans everywhere .	I don’t know if the person who said it will leave the house, but I can see black people and Mexicans everywhere.	1
The largest age demographic for users on this site are in their 20s or early 30s .	The largest age population for the users of this site is in the 20s or early 30s.	0
Solvent soaked patches ∙ brass bore brushes ∙ just could not get perfectly clean .	The wet patch in the solution ∙ copper brush ∙ just couldn't get perfectly clean.	0
Where 's Lenny Pitts ' article on this one ?	Where is Lenny Pitts' article about this?	0
A very diverse bunch	a very diversified group	0
There are many interesting listings on this web site , including Stormfront 's own Advance Scout forum which teaches the principles of Pioneer Little Europe : http://www.angelfire.com/nv/micronations/usa.html	There are many interesting lists on this site, including Stormfront’s Advance Scout forum that teaches the principles of Pioneer Little Europe: http://www.angelfire.com/nv/micronations/usa.html	0
Their control of all media is proof of that .	Their control of all the media is the proof of this.	0
It 's usually not consensual .	Usually it is not consensual.	3
Scores of dead animals found on Thandi Modise 's farm | eNCA Pigs forced to eat pigs on NCOP chairâ € ™ s farm | News24 Animal Cruelty ?	News24 Animal Cruelty, the countless dead animals found on Thandi Modise's farm, eNCA pigs forced to eat pigs on the farm of the NCOP chairman	0
Though I have had problems at one or two that were groid infested elsewhere getting stale bread etc so will no go to any that have lotsof groids working in them .	While I have one or two problems with being infected elsewhere, I won’t go to anyone who has Lotsof spent working on them.	1
Sad but true .	Sad, but true.	0
1st video , there are more non-whites than just the black girl 2nd video the white guy and asian girl both wear red shirts to create that subconscious association .	In the first video, there were more non-whites than only black girls, and in the second video, white boys and Asian girls both wore red shirts to create subconscious connections.	0
http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/africa/6217719.stm There you have it folks , Nigeria is acting like one big ghetto queen squeezing out more baby negroes for a bigger handout from the government .	http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/africa/6217719.stm Here you have people, Nigeria is acting as a great ghetto queen stretching more black babies for a greater government handout.	1
Texas is basically it 's own country .	Texas is basically its own country.	0
Just start your own crew and start advertising it in your flyers or whatever if you are atcually active you should email me I 'm trying to set up a network of all the serious white nationalists across Canada .	Just start your crew, start promoting it on your plane, or whether you are active at any time, you should send me an email and I try to build a network of all serious white nationalists across Canada.	0
Which is also why I use the open Wifi from nearby when I post here .	That’s why I used the nearby open WiFi when I posted here.	0
+3 3 related images One of Savannah 's Most Wanted Captured 2nd Marine in charged in Las Maracas shooting WNCT - George Crocker - 52 minutes ago 21 year old Erwin Rodriguez , Jr. of Camp Lejeune is charged with one count of Assault with a Deadly Weapon with Intent to Kill Inflicting Serious Injury by ...	+3 3 Related Images One of the Savannah’s most wanted prisoners is the Second Marine Corps – George Crocker, who is accused of shooting WNCT in Las Marcas – 52 minutes ago, 21 year-old Erwin Rodriguez, Jr. at Camp Lejeune, is charged with one attack with the purpose of using a deadly weapon to cause serious injuries...	0
I 've taught her to question everything that they teach her .	I taught her to question everything she was taught.	0
Pornography and prostitution should be outlawed as the jewish filth that it is . _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ nazi.org.uk	Pornography and prostitution should be prohibited as Jewish dirt.	1
It 's about the preservation and protection of the white race regardless of culture .	It is about the conservation and protection of the white race, regardless of culture.	0
They can become some of the most anti-white people on earth .	They can be among the most anti-white peoples on earth.	0
not sure where I got them mate , they look like they 're from a magazine though coz they 're scans of photocopies it looks like. will find em and post them	Not sure where I found them, they looked like they came from a magazine, although they were scanned copies of it.	0
This would make me crazy if I saw it in person .	I would be crazy to see it in person.	0
I'm trying to get a White Nationalist group together in Connecticut .	I am trying to bring together a white nationalist group in Connecticut.	0
Video: Black pack attack http://www.worldstarhiphop.com/video ... tI6vq3R26UYif8 Pack of blacks attack teen White girl in restaurant , drag her by her hair into the parking lot , beat her ; refuse to allow her back into the restaurant , continue to beat her while black onlookers laugh at her humiliation , pain and suffering .	Video: Black bag attack www.worldstarhiphop.com/video... tI6vq3R26UYif8 black bag attacks teen white girl in a restaurant, pulls her hair to the parking lot, beats her; refuses to let her go back to the restaurant and keep beating her while black audiences mock her humiliation, pain and pain.	0
A feel a mix of intense hate and depression that we have let things degenerate so far .	I feel the mixture of intense hatred and depression that we have so far degraded things.	0
This should n't surprise anyone .	This should not surprise anybody.	0
well im in town every day and i 've never come accross them. it was probably a group of about five 15 year olds who had been drinking all day and were out on the piss having a laugh. if its an organised group , they do n't sound too smart .	I’m in the city every day, and I’ve never met them before, it’s probably a group of five 15-year-olds who’ve been drinking all day and laughing outside.	0
I had actualy written th epost for last summer but had to cancel my trip ... so it is 2005 !!! ok every body cool ? * L * Shann 2508	I had written last summer, but I had to cancel my trip... so it was 2005!!!OK, every body was cool? * L * Shann 2508	0
So please Zuma be a good little kaffir and take their land	So please Zuma do a nice little kaffir and occupy their land	1
That's interesting , your cryptic comment has made my mind boggle , I wonder what you mean ? .	It’s interesting, your encrypted comment has shaken my mind, and I wonder what you mean.	0
I was here before and thought I saw a chat room a year ago .	I was here before and I thought I saw a chatroom a year ago.	0
A pleasure to be with you guys .	It is a pleasure being with you guys.	0
It 's not a good video .	This is not a good video.	0
There is no difference .	There are no differences.	0
We do not want `` assimilation '' .	We don’t want ‘assimilation’.	1
It's a failure of the irish to do n't have a strong right radical party of their own .	This is the failure of the Irish, who do not have their own strong right-wing radical party.	0
Tell your friend he wins ; I 've now decided to make a video documentary about the Jewish Ritual Murder of Andrei Youshchinsky .	Tell your friend that you win; now I have decided to do a documentary about the ritual Jewish murder of Andrei Youshchinsky.	0
Lunch is 15 minutes and recess is 15 minutes , you ca n't talk during class and there is little time available after school .	Lunch is 15 minutes, a break is 15, there is no conversation during the class, and there is little time after school.	0
I want to thank every one who posted to the Halloween thread this year .	I would like to thank everyone who posted the theme of Halloween this year.	0
Swede	Sweden	0
Nothing quite like watching stupid white people in action .	There is nothing like seeing white stupid people moving.	0
Moby Extreme Ways ( The Bourne Clip ) - YouTube	Moby: Extreme Ways (The Bourne Clip) – YouTube	0
Leg, I 'd stay away from most places around Toronto .	Leg, I'd stay away from most locations around Toronto.	0
Blue Bell ice cream has one showing five kids one black playing in the fields and barn .	The blue bell ice cream has a display of five children playing in a black one in the field and garden.	0
YouTube - Jeremiah Wright - God Damn America - Obama 's Spiritual Mentor / Pastor	YouTube – Jeremiah Wright – God Damn America – Obama’s Spiritual Mentor	0
You have to tell those people every sent you have , or commit fraud .	You must tell these people every message you have sent, or commit a fraud.	0
But it 's a lot cheaper than taking a bullet to the vitals .	But it’s much cheaper than taking bullets to important people.	0
I think that it is fair to say that the National Alliance is a secular organization that has taken a specific stance against multicultural Christianity for political reasons and has also had prominent members who have promoted non-Christian religions or spiritual paths .	I think it is right to say that the National Alliance is a secular organization that took a specific position against multicultural Christianity for political reasons and also had prominent members who promoted non-Christian religions.	0
Complete nonsense with your own plain as day motive lurking around in the background as usual . The article shows people are acting , action I support .	Complete absurdity with your own plain as the motive of the day hiding in the background as usual.	0
Don't know if any of this is obsolete but it 's a start ...	I don’t know if anything is outdated, but it’s a beginning.	0
March 21 is the White man march against White genocide , March Against #WhiteGenocide - March 21st 2015 And the 15th of every month is White defense day White Defense Day , the 15th of Every Month	March 21 is the March of the White Against the White Genocide, March 21 2015 is the 15th day of each month, the 15st day of the Day of White Defense.	0
2508	of 508.	0
Hahahhah the amount of whites in my town has gone up and all other minorities have gone down !	Ahahahah, the number of white people in my city has risen and all the other minorities have fallen!	0
Start at 21 : 30 Hulu - Celebrity Close Calls : Ice-T , Cheryl Tiegs , Ed Begley Jr. & Yancy Butler - Watch the full episode now .	Start at 21:30 Hulu – Celebrity Close Calls: Ice-T, Cheryl Tiegs, Ed Begley Jr. and Yancy Butler – See the full episode now.	0
I have this bad habit of leaving aol im on when i 'm not actually home so if I do n't im you back I 'm probably not there and I 'm not just ignoring you. me too	I have that bad habit of leaving aol im up when I’m not really at home, so if I don’t take you back, I probably aren’t there and I’ll not just ignore you.	0
The small Janj River The Una River by Novi Grad The Tara River in Republic of Srpska The Sava River near the town of Srpski Brod Vrbas river The Lake of Nevesinje The Neretva River in Republic of Srpska Izvor Sipovo	The Little River Janj The River Una by Novi Grad The River Tara in the Republic of Serbia The River Sava near the city of the River Srpska Brod Vrbas The Lake of Nevesinje The River Neretva in the republic Srpska Iz	0
CF	cf is	0
Here are a few of my favourites by Dr. Pierce !	This is one of Dr. Pierce’s favourites.	0
Actual names and places could be transmitted using the Private Message function .	Real names and locations can be sent using the private message feature.	0
Hitler was about as Jewish as a Negro is a Chinaman .	Hitler was as Jewish as a Chinese Negro.	0
Nevermind, found the new page Knew it had to be a groid .... any report of rape ?	Nevermind, found the new page Did you know that there must be a groid... any reports of rape?	1
But it would require some work for the White who 've been exposed to Public school , been taught to hate `` learning '' etc ...	But that would take some work, white people being exposed to public schools, being taught to hate "learning" and so on.	0
Humility does n't even cross their mind .	Humility does not even pass through their minds.	0
I urge all White Nationalist in this area to do the same .	I urge all white nationalists in the region to do the same.	0
I grew up there but just moved to Santa Barbara for grad school .	I grew up there, but I just moved to Santa Barbara to graduate school.	0
The majority of them are as stupid as real Negroes .	Most of them are as stupid as actual Negroes.	1
Hope you have a great day my friend and have pint or two on me !!	I hope you have a good day, my friend, and there are paintings or two in me!!	0
Here 's a free PDF http://wnlibrary.com/Portabel % 20Docu ... e % 20Titans.pdf	This is free PDF http://wnlibrary.com/Portabel %20Doc... e %20Titans.pdf	0
Dumb goyim are a good revenue source .	Stupid goyim is a good source of income.	0
Welcome .	is welcome.	0
How on earth can they be Swedes when they are the result of race treason ?	How can they be on Earth Sweden if they are the result of the race betrayal?	1
There's something so gross and such an assault on the senses as the sound of an European romance language coming from the mouths of savages ! . .	There is something as rough and as frightening in the senses as the sound of a romantic European language that comes out of the mouth of the savages.	1
Everything is machined to well today mlst stuff is plug and play .	Everything is mechanized for good today, the most important thing is to connect and play.	0
I normally have a goatee .	I usually have a gout.	0
Sound's like the start of a bad joke : A girl with three kid 's one white , one black and one asian walk 's into a department store .....	The sound is like the beginning of a bad joke: a girl with three boys, a white, a black and an Asian, goes to a department store.	0
Why do you have the need to celebrate anyone 's birthday that day anyway ?	Why do you need to celebrate someone’s birthday on that day?	0
They show some football and ice hockey + American garbage shows .	They show a few football and ice hockey + American junk shows.	0
Because the communist party was almost all jew out to kill any gentile that stood in their way or had property that the jew - communist wanted .	Because the Communist Party is almost all of the Jews out to kill anyone who stands on their way or possesses the property the Jewish-Communist Party wants.	1
I agree , it is about time to stop this , it is the same story every time and nothing good will come from it .	I agree, it is time to stop this, it will always be the same story and nothing good will come out of it.	0
Typical i suppose in the eyes of the law he is just another tourist beaten on sydneys streets oh yeah and we all know if it was a poor black fella bashed it would be on the news for weeks on end and mr whitey would be branded a big bad evil racist	Typically I assume in the eyes of the law that he is just another tourist beaten in the streets of Sydney, oh, yeah, we all know that if this is a poor black fella bashed it will end in the news a few weeks before Mr. White will be marked as a big bad evil racist.	1
Latha math dhuibh agus dè tha dol agad fhèin , a Phàdruig/Hello Pat , how are you ?	Latha math dhbh agus dè tha dol agad bh, a Phàdruig / Hello Pat, What do you do?	0
- YouTube	and YouTube.	0
www.smcm.edu Thomas Aquinas College , Santa Paula , Calif.	www.smcm.edu - Thomas Aquinas College, Santa Paula, California	0
Gee , I may finally make the news for doing something other than being an ugly Harley Rider in a `` No Ugly Zone . ''	Gee, I can finally make the news to do something else than being a bad Harley Rider in a “No Bad Zone.”	0
These feral negroes stalk white women , rape and kill and , no one seems willing to stop them .	These cruel black men harass white women, rape and kill, and no one is ready to stop them.	1
All in all , it was a good day .	Overall, it was a good day.	0
Frakkin ' awesome !	Frackin is amazing!	0
Nearly everyone has better high speed rail that we do .	Almost everyone has a better high-speed rail than we do.	0
There are extremely few genetic markers that are restricted to only 1 specific area , let alone 1 specific nation .	There are very few genetic markers that are limited to only 1 specific region, not to mention 1 special nation.	0
Even when you 're hearing ' em for the umpteenth time you just have to smile like it 's new .	Even if you “hear” me for the tenth time, you just need to smile, as if it’s new.	0
It 's good to spook kids with our folklore so they can pass it down .. I just hope it 's not considered child abuse nowadays .. lol .. Just/kid' n It just keeps their minds aware Imagine a kids face when they learn of the stories of our ancestors around the camp fire .. this is a water toast BTW -- >	It’s good to intimidate children with our folk legends so that they can pass on it...I just hope it’s not now considered to be child abuse... lol.. Just/kid’n It just keeps their minds conscious Imagine a child’s face when they learn the story of our ancestors around the camp fire...It’s a water cup BTW – >	0
I could n't imagine living in those conditions with drugs and filthy negros everywhere .	I could not imagine living in such circumstances with drugs and black people everywhere.	1
This is purely verbal rhetoric ie there is NO argument to speak of in the text of this gibberish .	This is a purely verbal argument, that is, there is no argument to say in the text of this gibberish.	0
I usually know when friends or relatives are distressed through illness or accident/incident.I then phone them and find out what has happened .	I usually know when a friend or relative is suffering from illness or accident/accident.I call them and know what happened.	0
Please help	please help.	0
And please do n't say the north pole !	And don’t talk about the Arctic!	0
I have always liked the double headed eagle .	I’ve always loved the double-headed eagle.	0
If you happen to download this , feel free to add me to your Friends list and connect to me .	If you download this, add me to your friends list and feel free to connect to me.	0
The Indian teenager was showing the Caucasian American girl how to dissolve cow dung in water , and then use a broom to spread the filth all over the floor of their house .	An Indian boy showed a Caucasian American girl how to dissolve cattle dirt in water and then use it to spread dirt on the floor in the house.	3
I 'd like a cozy house with an outdoor fire pit , for parties and grilling , for instance , lol .	I would like to have a delicious house with an outdoor fire, for parties and grill, for example, lol.	0
Look who is talking .	See who is speaking.	0
A public execution for these animals would go a LONG way to point to justice being done ; it would never bring the girl back ; but I guarantee it would send a message ............................	Public execution for these animals will go a long way to point out that justice is being done; it will never return the girl; but I guarantee it sends a message.	1
that is the sadest news i have ever heard in my entire life , ireland not a white country. its like saying the world is ending	That’s the saddest news I’ve ever heard in my whole life, Ireland is not a white country.	1
j A friend of mine had a new car and brought it to jiffy lube and they forgot to put oil in it .	My friend has a new car and took it into a jiffy lube and forgot to put the oil.	0
As far as I understand , public school teachers are more restricted than university professors .	As far as I understand, teachers in public schools are more limited than university professors.	0
Every f * cking school child knows that the Globe is round , only total PIZDAS do n't .	Every child in school knows that the Globe is round, only PIZDAS total does not do it.	1
Thanks , CPAMIKE	Thank you very much CPAMIK.	0
Hey I 'm in Victoria BC looking to join email me at antoniopuffi@hotmail.com I 'm loyal white and ready to fight !	Hey, I’m in Victoria BC and want to sign up at antoniopuffi@hotmail.com I’re loyal and ready to fight!	0
The Governor of Svalbard .	Governors of Svalbard.	0
SEX: MALE RACE : BLACK D.O.B : 08-24-1950 HEIGHT : 5 ' 11 WEIGHT : 180 EYE : BROWN HAIR BLACK In Custody For : 001 MISDEMEANOR COUNT OF CRIMINAL TRESPASS 2ND DEG This dude looks like an olde version of Cornielious from `` Planet of the Apes '' !	SEX: RACE MAN: BLACK D.O.B: 08-24-1950 HIGH: 5'11 WEIGHTS: 180 EYES: BRONNE HAIR BLACK IN CUSTODY FOR: 001 MISDEMEANOR COUNT OF CRIMINAL TRESPASS 2ND DEG This guy looks like an old version of Cornielious from "Planet of the Apes"!	1
These have had a glimps http://video.google.co.uk/videoplay ? docid = 3664960863576873594 & hl = en-GB	These had a preview http://video.google.co.uk/videoplay? docid = 3664860 863576873594 & hl = en-GB	0
I am almost done with my 1st class and gonna start 2 new ones .	I’ve finished my first class and I’m starting two new ones.	0
30 years later we got married .	Thirty years later we were married.	0
So good to see new people every Friday night .	So nice to see new people each Friday evening.	0
https : //www.facebook.com/pages/Boyco ... 85159441543213 Worthwhile Canadian Initiative : Dumb men commercials err ... why not dumb black men , dumb black women , dumb Asians ?	https: //www.facebook.com/pages/Boyco... 85159441543213 Valuable Canadian Initiative: Idiot Men Advertising Err... Why Idiot Black Men, Idiot black Women, Idiots Asian Men?	0
God knows what would come out of Africa if only blacks could come up with investigative journalism .	If only blacks could invent investigative journalism, God knows what will come from Africa.	1
And easier to explain	Easy to Explain	0
Pakis asians and even jungle bunnies come in and * * * * starts getting weird .	The Asian Pakis and even the jungle rabbits enter and * * * begins to get weird.	1
The weakness of a bat is the wind up , when you draw back to swing you are wide open to attack for about 1/2 second .	The weakness of the vessel is to lift the wind, and when swinging it is wide open to attack for about 1/2 seconds.	0
VÃ ¡ clav NeckÃ ¡ Å & Karel Å * tÄ drÃ 1\/2 & Marta KubiÅ ¡ ovÃ ¡ - Dary nesem ( 1968 ) - YouTube	VÃ¡ clav NeckÃ¡ Å & Karel Å * tÃ1\/2 & Marta KubiÅ ¡ ovÃ¡ - Dary nesem (1968) - YouTube	0
Also .. you can get a 5.56 rig pretty darn cheap these days .	You can also get a 5.56 rig pretty expensive these days.	0
The indians and stanis will just spit all over the street .	The Indians and the Stans will spit the whole street.	1
i honestly dont know what my eye color is ... they look green , but at times grey or dark blue .. sucks i cant determine my actual eye color .	I honestly don’t know what color my eyes are...they look green, but sometimes grey or dark blue...I don't know the color that determines my eyes.	0
A : 4 feet As an exercise , you could get your kids to `` hop '' or step a few times and using a tape measure , figure out their ' average ' stride distance .	A: As a 4-foot exercise, you can use tape measurements to “hop” or step your child several times and calculate their “average” walking distance.	0
I do wish you luck in your repatriation to Botswana though .	We wish you good luck at your return to Botswana.	0
Ya I saw that and laughed myself sick over it .	When I saw it, I laughed sick at myself.	0
I'll edit out a few of the most revealing images .	I will edit some of the most revealed images.	0
In this sharp color image a portion of the Orion Nebula appears along the bottom border with the cluster of reflection nebulae at picture center .	In this bright color image, a portion of the Orion cloud appears at the bottom boundary of the reflective star cluster in the center of the image.	0
In fact Cyberfascist and I were trying to figure out a good spot for us to all meet .	In fact, the cyber-fascist and I tried to find a great place for all of us to meet.	0
Same here .	This is the same as this.	0
I go ALL out on Halloween .	We all go to Halloween.	0
Constant movement .	Constant movement	0
I hope you all listen to his thoughts in this video - YouTube - & #x202a ; Dr.	I hope all of you listen to his thoughts in this video – YouTube – & #x202a ; Dr.	0
That it will !!	And he will do it!!	0
Guys can you please tell me one thing What are good homeschooling programs with fast enrollment , free and for kids ? waiting for your reply	Boy, can you tell me one thing What is a good family education program, quick enrollment, free and for kids?	0
But your laughing smilie is misleading .	Your smile is deceptive.	0
There is no Planet X. Let 's stop talking about it before we start looking like crazies .	There is no Planet X. Let’s stop talking about this before we start to look crazy.	0
After 7 , the kids from the poor neighborhoods start showing up ( usually poor blacks ) .	After 7, children from poor neighbors begin to appear (generally poor black).	0
He allowed his wife to bring a black male into his home and he had a daughter ?	Did he allow his wife to bring a black man to his house and had a daughter?	3
I have much unused bandwidth .	I have a lot of unused width.	0
Lesson of Haiti - William Luther Pierce - YouTube	Lesson of Haiti – William Luther Pierce	0
Damn I was so looking forward to using a sharp rock tied to a stick but ok I promise I wont use any of your wondrous inventions if you stop using everything my race invented .	Damn I was so excited to use a sharp stone on a stick, but ok, I promise I will not use any of your wonderful inventions if you stop inventing everything with my race to	3
And still the GREAT LIBERAL EXPERIMENT continues !!	Nevertheless, the great liberalism experiment continues!!	0
I think there might be one or two groups if they are still active I have no idea Maybe check the Daily Stormer Book Clubs ?	I think if they’re still active, maybe one or two groups, I don’t know, maybe can I check the Daily Storm Book Club?	0
Ivan Ivanovich Shishkin , January 25 , 1832 March 20 , 1898 ( Иван Иванович Шишкин ) Felling of Forest , 1867 Landscape with a Lake At the Seashore , 1890 ( sketch ) Birch Grove , 1896 View at a Neighborhood of Petersburg , 1856 Swiss Landscape , 1866 Forest on the Eve of Thunderstorm , 1872 Oak Forest in a Grey day , 1873 ( sketch ) Swamp .	Ivan Ivanovich Shishkin, January 25, 1832, March 20, 1832, 1898, ( Ivan Ivanovič Šishkin ) forest excavator, landscape with lakes on the beach in 1867, 1890 ( sketch ) Birch Grove, views in the neighborhood of St. Petersburg in 1896, Swiss landscapes in 1856, forests on the eve of the Thunderstorm in 1866, on the gray day in 1872	0
YouTube can be a huge help in learning how to start primitive fires and learning how to gut animals and fish .	YouTube can be a great help when you learn to start primitive fires and learn how to digest animals and fish.	0
its disgusting how a person color of skin determines whether or not you should give them training to become a doctor to save lives. thats racist .	It’s annoying how a person’s skin color determines whether you should train them to be a doctor to save lives.	0
Nationalists Attend Rally For Life 2013 - YouTube	Nationalists attend the 2013 Rally for Life - YouTube	0
the younger limerick crowd say the gangs from moyross are in regular fights with the poles they go around in tens and when they meet all hell breaks lose its very like in east germany with the poles and working class irish .	The young Limerick crowd says that the gang of moyross are fighting regularly with Polo, and that Paul and the working class are losing just as much as they lose in East Germany when they meet all the hell.	0
Axis History Factbook : Waffen SS-Grenadier-Sturmbrigade Brigade Frankreich - French Volunteers and Collaborationist Forces Amazon.com : FOR EUROPE : The French Volunteers of the Waffen-SS ( 9781874622680 ) : Robert Forbes : Books Amazon.com : FOR EUROPE : The French Volunteers of the Waffen-SS ( 9781874622680 ) : Robert Forbes : Books http://www.militaryphotos.net/forums ... ss- ( RK ) -holder	Axis History Factbook : Waffen SS-Grenadier-Sturmbrigade Brigade Frankreich - French Volunteers and Collaborationist Forces Amazon.com : FOR EUROPE : The French Voluntaries of the Waffen-SS ( 9781874622680 ) : Robert Forbes : Books Amazon.	0
The woman may be attractive to another black .	The woman can be attractive to other black.	0
Well I do n't have very specific life plans like aclemfaalthat replied BUT I do have goals ! 1 .	Well, I don’t have a very specific life plan, like aclemfaalthat answered, but I have a goal!	0
Islam is a false religion however unlike some other false religions it is crude and appeals to crude people such as arabs .	Islam is a false religion, but unlike some other false beliefs it appeals to cruel and cruel people like the Arabs.	1
So you elevate that minority ever so slightly , and screw the rest .	Thus, you raise this minority so slightly, and you break the rest.	0
88 .	and 88.	0
So... you would say to lie .	So, you’d say to lie.	0
I actually saw a period belt buckle once with the SS Deaths Head on it and `` Gott Mit Uns '' over it .	I actually once saw the head of the SS death and the period belt on it with “Gott Mit Uns.”	0
Do you know how long it takes to get the membership card and whatnot ?	Do you know how long it takes to get a member card?	0
They should build a PLA , but actually do so inside Africa .	They should build the PLA, but they actually do it in Africa.	0
They breed faster .	They grow faster.	0
Austrians and Dutch people are darker than the British , many of them with dark hair and brown eyes .	The Austrians and the Dutch are darker than the British, many of whom have black hair and brown eyes.	0
I've posted a thread in Stormfront Latin to help spread the WNPS and too see if we can get more translations .	I posted an article on Stormfront Latin to help spread WNPS and see if we can get more translations.	0
The deer are so abundant that they wander into town all the time to munch on lawns .	The deer were so rich that they wandered around the city all the time on the lawn.	0
Then , we can look forward to cases of Multi-Drug Resistant ( MDR ) and Extensively Drug Resistant ( XDR ) TB to become common diseases .	Then, you can look forward to cases of multi-drug resistance (MDR) and widespread drug-resistant (XDR) TB becoming common diseases.	3
`` Would you , would you with a goat ? ''	“Would you go with the goat?”	0
They laugh at whites who obey the law , bother to get married , women who are chaste .	They laugh at the white men who adhere to the law and women who do not want to marry.	1
All of the security guards i see are white but maybe , just maybe , i 'm blessed because no doubt these negro security guards abuse their power .	All the security personnel I saw were white, but maybe, maybe, I was lucky because there was no doubt that these black security personnel abused their power.	1
Reality : He had no Jewish ancestors and he had brown hair and blue eyes .	Fact: He had no Jewish ancestors, he had brown hair and blue eyes.	0
Hi chandra !	Hello Chandra!	0
`` Work harder white boy , my brother needs a new truck '' .	“Work is harder, my brother needs a new truck.”	0
This is a forum for people who support the white nationalist cause and I am one of those people , thus I have a right to speak .	This is a forum for people who support the cause of white nationalism, and I am one of them, so I have the right to speak.	0
I guess I 'll just stick to homeschooling my kids , when and if I have them ...	I think I’d just stick to the family education of my children, when and if I had them.	0
Anyways if proven wrong by extensive genetic and anthropological evidence , I will accept the view that to be considered white you must be of pure European ancestry .	However, if the evidence is false by extended genetic and anthropological evidence, I will accept the idea that to be considered as white, you must	0
Non-Muslim Michigan High School students wear hijabs in school for class lesson to `` explore religion and identity '' | Pamela Geller , Atlas Shrugs	Non-Muslim high school students in Michigan use hijab in school for classes to "explore religion and identity" Pamela Geller, Atlas Shrugs	0
Interesting .	Funny	0
In Limerick if caught with a knife Jail loads of women have been sent to prison.Very violent place i am afraid .	In Limerick, many women were sent to prison when caught with a knife.	0
Do n't come down too hard and alienate him , just keep a light hearted attitude and let him know that you find his actions disgusting .	Don’t get too hard down and don’t bother him, just keep a light mind attitude and know that you hate his actions.	1
Oops , I forgot Obongo is president , therefor it is free greencard day every day .	Oh, I forgot Obango was president, so every day was a green card free day.	0
LOL, ok I give up I just had never heard that specific word before and it was n't in my dictionary .	LOL, okay, give up I’ve never heard that particular word before and it wasn’t in my dictionary.	0
Hi, I am in Nor Cal and there are many other like minded people here too .	Hi, I’m in Nor Cal and there are a lot of people with the same minds here.	0
Ukraine defense minister ignores repeated phone calls from Chuck Hagel http://washingtonexaminer.com/ukrain ... rticle/2544358	The Ukrainian Defense Minister ignores repeated telephone calls by Chuck Hagel http://washingtonexaminer.com/Ukrainian... Article/2544358	0
When ever I leave the house I wear one of these 1920 's type fedoras , I have quite a few .	Whenever I leave the house, I wear one of this kind of fedoras in the 1920s, so I have quite a few.	0
This was back in 1998 so I have left the area for about four years and saw very few White Youth except at the New Mall that is located across the Freeway from the Truckstops .	This was back in 1998, so I had been out of the area for about four years, and I could hardly see white youths except in the New Mall, which is located across the highway from the truck stop.	0
It's good to see someone actively trying to make a difference and reach out to people who otherwise might never realize that there is more than one side to any belief .	It’s a good thing to see someone actively trying to make a change, and to be exposed to others who may never realize that there are multiple aspects of any belief.	0
Exactly man , that is so right .	Just man, it is right.	0
Yeah, I saw that ad on TV with the Asian guy and the white girl and it bothered me .	Yes, I saw this ad on television with the Asian boy and the white girl and it disturbed me.	0
I also hope you are not exaggerating anything as children sometimes do .	I also hope you're not exaggerating anything like kids sometimes do.	0
You have given no evidence of anything you have said .	You did not provide evidence for what you said.	0
If not , start a youth chapter of the World Church of the Creator .	If not, start a youth section of the Creator's World Church.	0
The scene is anchored right and left by two bright stars , Mu and Eta Geminorum , at the foot of the celestial twin while the Jellyfish Nebula is the brighter arcing ridge of emission with dangling tentacles below and right of center .	The scene is made up of two bright stars, Mu and Eta Geminorum, at the feet of the celestial twins, while the Jellyfish nebula is the brighter arc of the launch, with curved probes at the bottom and right of the center.	0
Hello!	Hello to	0
Its simple , they want to create white guilt , .	They want to create a white sense of guilt.	1
We should all know by now who hates Christains more than anyone else .	We all should know from now on who hates Christians more than anyone else.	0
Bless you Mr. Duke !	Congratulations to you, Mr Duke!	0
I'm from the suburbs of Chicago , everyone always says there are alot of skinheads out here but i have had trouble finding any	I’m from the outskirts of Chicago and everybody says there’s always a lot of skinheads here, but I’ve had a hard time finding something.	0
You are not out of the wigger stage .	You are not away from the wig stage.	0
I 'm a little more concerned that I see so many teenagers drawing these anime designs in their notebooks .	I’m a little worried about seeing so many teenagers draw these animated designs on their notebooks.	0
The jew is attempting to make the condemned beg for the noose .	The Jews tried to get the convicted to beg.	1
Since this virus has yet to cause deaths in America we sent them back to school today .	Since the virus has not yet caused deaths in the United States, we are sending them back to school today.	0
The fact he gave the Roman salute victoriously was priceless .	The fact that he victoriously greeted the Romans was invaluable.	0
http://www.nationalvanguard.org/story.php ? id = 8958	HTTP://www.nationalvanguard.org/history.php? id = 8959	0
I saw on news here in Kentucky a few days ago where someone had spray painted `` KKK '' on the side of a black School security officer 's house , they hadnt found who did it but they said it was a possible hate crime .	I saw in the news here in Kentucky a few days ago when someone had sprayed "KKK" on the side of a black school security officer's house, they didn't find who had done it but they said	0
The day I chose to have a child I hope there will be many other schools like this across North America .	The day I decided to have a child, I hope there are many other schools like this all over North America.	0
GLORY To our British Activist & Nationalist ! Good To to See the Poles Help Out !!	Congratulations to our British activists and nationalists! I am glad to see the Poles help!!!	0
The reds are always protesting against people like David Irving its time we got out there and counter act them	The red men always protested against people like David Irvine, and when we got there we were against them.	0
It 's embarassing .	This is embarrassing.	0
I have got to start challenging myself .	I have to begin to challenge myself.	0
I had a black tell me once that nothing scares a black more than a white man and his big dog .	I once heard a black man tell me that there is nothing more afraid of the black than a white man and his big dog.	0
Young white people are doing it more then ever , it 's just that those bloody clinics are getting better at what they do .	Young white people do more than ever, just getting better at what those bloody clinics do.	0
Now I use Soulseek ( click HERE ) for my downloading .	I now use Soulseek (click HERE) for my download.	0
Everytime I hear the word `` Yugo '' I think of that scene in Dragnet , where Sergeant Joe Friday says `` the department furnished us with a 1985 Yugo , the cutting edge of serbo-croatian technology !! ''	Whenever I hear the word “Yugo,” I think of that scene at Dragnet, where Sergeant Joe said on Friday: “The department gave us the Yugo of 1985, which is the cutting edge of Serbian-Croatian technology!”	0
Kinda proves they are n't the Herbrews of the Bible .	Kinda proves that they are not the herbs of the Bible.	0
It is Athens in Greece with population 4.000.000 people.The non whites ( Blacks/Asians ) are 5000 at the most.Maybe you see a black person once in a couple of months ( or in television ) .	It is Greek Athens, with a population of 400 million people, non-white (Black/Asian) up to 5,000 people, you may see a black person every few months (or on television).	0
Move the fight over to the other thread .	Transfer the battle to another thread.	0
It made me sick looking at all the Blacks and Asians .	It made me sick to look at all the Black and Asian people.	1
Still snooping , eh ?	It is still dirty, right?	0
Yes, you 've been talking that way aloud in the public for most of your life .	Yes, you’ve spoken this way to the general public for most of your life.	0
I have to agree .	I had to agree.	0
They just do n't know when to stop breeding .	They don’t know when to stop growing.	0
If you 'd like to talk just send me a message .	If you'd like to talk just send us a message.	0
A Big walk away , she went back to her ex , and told me never to speak to her again because I am a embarisment to her .	A big walk, she goes back to her ex, and told me not to talk to her anymore, because I'm a shame for her.	0
Report : Nuclear weapon drivers sometimes got drunk - Yahoo !	Report: Nuclear weapons drivers sometimes get drunk – Yahoo!	0
The Neolithic farmers who migrated into Europe originated in Anatolia .	The Neolithic farmers who emigrated to Europe are from Anatolia.	0
Maybe I 'll watch for an hour or so the few times a year I 'm travelling and stay in a hotel .	Maybe I’m going to watch for an hour or so, I travel several times a year and stay at the hotel.	0
Millions upon millions of them , until there is no British culture left .	Millions of them remained until there was no British culture.	0
Really?	really really?	0
Thank you for this update .	Thanks for this update!	0
And greetings to you as well Brother .	I greet you too, brother.	0
The band black flag was also pro white , there is a very famous song called `` White Minority '' .	The band's black flag was also pro white, there's a very famous song called 'White Minority'.	0
My heart goes out to you ..	My heart will go out to you.	0
I hope the mods kill this thread .	Hopefully the mods killed this thread.	0
Equals to white and future ally .	They are equal to the white and future allies.	0
I thought about how we would clean the M60 barrels on the Hueys ( 2 on each side , 1 each door gunner/crew chief , 2 TAT101 front turret ) at end of day - had big vats of cleaning solvent , cleaning rods with bore brush in electric drills .	I thought about how we cleaned the M60 barrels in Hueys (two on both sides, each door gun/crew commander, two TAT101 front towers) at the end of the day - there was a large batch of cleaning solvents, and a hole cleaned with a toothpaste from an electric drill.	0
Reminds me of the time I got water thrown on me from the window of a flat as I walked past .	It reminds me of the time when water was thrown out of my window as I passed by.	0
26 5feet 8 inches dark blonde hazel/green eyes 155 lbs babyface	26 5 Foot 8 Inch Dark Blonde Hazel / Green Eyes 155 lbs Baby Face	0
Hey, she passed away a few weeks ago now ; Did you not read it in the papers or see it in the news ?	Hey, she died a few weeks ago; haven’t you read it in the newspapers or seen it on the news?	0
Use your guns to fight for THE WHITE RACE !!	Use your weapons to fight for the White Race!	0
I was basically a babysitter , and the apes went nuts , and frankly , I could not control them and had to press the panic button twice to get someone to help me .	I was basically a babysitter, and the monkeys were turning nuts, and to be honest, I couldn’t control them and had to press the panic button twice.	1
It just shows how superior Atlantic Canada is .	This shows just how superior the Atlantic Canada is.	0
She then solicited his classmates to make comments about what they disliked about the boy .	She then asked her colleagues to comment on what they didn’t like about the boy.	0
They can be downloaded from these sites : www.solargeneral.com www.natvan.com www.ncoal.com	You can download from these sites: www.solargeneral.com www.natvan.org www.ncoal.com	0
Just a note for anyone downloading the petition ......... Remember to put your paper setting on 8 1/2 X 14 for * * * LEGAL * * * documents. petition download Good luck friends , Gordon _ Inc.	Simply a note for anyone who downloads the petition......... Remember to put your paper setting on 8 1/2 X 14 for * * LEGAL * * documents.	0
Also , my neighbour 's dog has poison teeth .	The neighbor's dog also has toxic teeth.	0
My wife is in the other room now getting her totals together to hand in tomorrow morning .	My wife is in another room and is collecting her total in her hands tomorrow morning.	0
There a joke BNP FOR ME	There's a BNP joke for me	0
Good for you , that is not usually what happens and has nothing to do in the modern age regarding 14 year old girls	For you, this is not something that happens normally and has nothing to do with a 14-year-old girl in modern times.	0
I am not expecting six figures a year but would like to be comfortable .	I don’t expect six numbers a year, but I want to make it comfortable.	0
Look there .	look here.	0
That 's a very sad story. were the pagans Romans , or the later Christians romans that did that ?	It is a very sad story.Was it a pagan Roman, or later a Christian Roman?	0
A 750 lb boat with a 280 hp motor .	A 750-pound boat with 280 horsepower engines.	0
That film is full of outright lies .	This movie is full of lies.	0
My son ever comes home with something like that and you can bet I 'll have something to say about it .	My son will ever come home with something like that and you can bet that I will tell you something about it.	0
I guess you are far away , as I 've never even heard of that town listed as your location .	I think you’re far away because I’ve never heard of this city listed as your location.	0
I mean you can find tons of pictures of people in the Middle East , India , North Africa , etc , whose physical appearance is no different from that of a European 's .	I mean you can find a ton of pictures of people in the Middle East, India, North Africa, and so on, their physical appearance is not different from that of Europe.	0
Not to mention you can get Troy 30 round mags for as cheap as $ 5-6 .	Needless to say, you can get a Trojan 30 Round Mag for as cheap as $5–6.	0
Metal: Honor [ Poland ] , Defensor 14 [ Poland ] , Ekspansja [ Poland ] , Hools Attack [ Poland ] , Kolovrat [ Russia ] , Moscow Band [ Russia ] , Ancestors [ Slovakia ] , Conflict 88 [ Czech ] NSBM : Arkona [ Poland ] , Gontyna Kry [ Poland ] , Inferium [ Poland ] , Kataxu [ Poland ] , Thunderbolt [ Poland ] , Veles [ Poland ] , Wojnar [ Poland ] , Wolf 's Moon [ Poland ] ( vocals by Szczecry of Honor ) , and Woodtemple [ Poland ] I used to download from Kazaa but I got tired of all the adware and viruses I got from there .	Metal: Honor [ Poland ], Defensor 14 [ Polish ], Ekspansja [ Bulgarian ], Hools Attack [ Polan ], Kolovrat [ Russian ], Moscow Band [ Russian], Ancestors [ Slovak ], Conflict 88 [ Czech ] NSBM : Arkona [ Polani ], Gontyna Kry ], Inferium [ Polanian ], Kataxu [ Polanski ], Thunderbolt ( Poland ), Veles [ Polonian ], Wojnar ], Wolf's Moon ( by Szczecry of Honor ), and Woodtemple ( Polish ) I downloaded from Kazaa, but I was tired of all advertising software and viruses from there	0
There are things we can do to stop the rapes that occur when blacks and other non whites con white women and girls into getting in cars with them etc For a start teach our women to respect themselves .	There is something we can do to prevent rape that occurs when black and other non-white women and girls get into the car with them.	1
One !!!!! per county , ....... heartbreaking ..... absolutely heartbreaking .	One!!! each county,... the heart has become stronger... the whole heart is stronger.	0
Have you noticed when white 's beat on blacks they usually end it with one punch and then leave the ape alone .	Did you notice that when white people hit blacks, they usually end up with one blow and then leave the monkey alone?	1
With Black girls it takes a baseball bat - who carries a mu-ff' in baseball bat on a date ??	With the black girls, you need a baseball match - who brings a mu-ff' in the baseballs match on a date??	1
I went combing youtube today looking for more about JT Ready and how they are manning up the border .	Today I went to YouTube searching for more about JT Ready and how they got equipped on the border.	0
Look at this cultural incongruity from Plymouth . VIDEO : Plymouth celebrates St George 's Day with music and dancing in the streets | This is Plymouth	Video: Plymouth celebrates St George's Day with music and dance on the streets	1
6. uniforms or no ?	Uniform or not Uniform?	0
London is not the place to move to as a white nationalist .	London is not a place to move into as a white nationalist.	0
Children of 8 are ' racist ' if they miss Islam trip : School 's threatening letter to parents is met with outrage | Mail Online	8-year-olds are "racist" when missing the Islamic journey: School-threatening writing to parents is welcomed with indignation.	0
What causes Cholera in the first place ??	What is the main cause of cholera?	0
They should make all know about this book his friends as that they know like are the things , we need that all the whites know like they are the things and the Jewish threat and negroid on our race .	They should let everyone know this book to his friends, because they know things are like this, and we need all white people to know they are like that, and the threat that Jews are to our race and the Negroes.	1
The Legacy of Dr. William Pierce I know Hadding and Will Williams and others are working hard on this project to bring articles written by Dr. Pierce from the printed page to being put online , for all to read .	The Legacy of Dr. William Pierce I’m working hard on this project to put Hadding and Will Williams and others online on printed pages of articles written by Dr. Pierce.	0
Yeah, Des Moines .	Yes to the monks.	0
I am a proud white man and want to do my part to make sure there can be proud white men in the future .	I am a proud white man and I want to do my best to make sure that there are white people proud of the future.	0
A mentally-ill Orthodox cantor who told jurors he was `` The Michael Jackson of Jewish music '' was sentenced in Manhattan yesterday to at least a year in prison for swindling a Washington Heights woman out of $ 36,000 .	The mentally ill and sophisticated Cantor, who has been called "Michael Jackson of Jewish music," was sentenced to at least one year in jail in Manhattan yesterday on charges of cheating a woman from Washington Heights for $36,000	0
It should be moved to the really funny joke section .	It really needs to move to a fun joke section.	0
I wonder why he is not on their list , he hates jews .	I wonder why he is not on his list, he hated the Jews.	0
I remember months ago there was a thread with a complaint about a classmate who wrongfully claimed to be hispanic , just in order to receive affirmative action benefits .	I remember there was a thread of complaint about a colleague who wrongly claimed to be Hispanic a few months ago, but in order to get positive behavioral benefits	0
I found out this morning that junior school kids are n't allowed to sing Bar Bar Black sheep anymore because it 's racist and might offend the coloured kids so they are being told to sing Bar Bar randow sheep ! whats next we 'll not be allowed to sing god save the queen .	I found out this morning that primary school children can no longer sing Bar Bar Black Sheep, because it’s racist and can insult children of color, they’re telling them to sing the Bar Bar Randow Sheep.	0
Major chimp-out at hip hop awards .	The biggest out of hip hop.	1
Thanks , Greg	and thank you Greg.	0
I have never had a visa or left the continental USA	I have never received a visa or left the United States.	0
Dmitriy Hvorostovskiy Prince Yeletsky 's ( `` The Queen of Spades '' , Tchaikovsky ) -Dmitri Hvorostovsky at the Metropolitan Opera ( 1998 ) YouTube - Ya vas lyublyu - Dmitri Hvorostovsky Renee Fleming and Dmitri Hvorostovsky perform the final scene of Tchaikovsky 's `` Yevgeny Onegin . '' ( Part I ) YouTube - Yevgeny Onegin - Final Scene - Hvorostovsky/Fleming - I Renee Fleming and Dmitri Hvorostovsky perform the final scene of Tchaikovsky 's `` Yevgeny Onegin . '' ( Part II ) YouTube - Yevgeny Onegin - Final Scene - Hvorostovsky/Fleming II Renee Fleming ( as Tatiana ) , Dmitri Hvorostovsky - Eugene Onegin 's first act aria from Tchaikovsky 's opera .	Dmitry Hvorostovskiy Prince Yeletsky's ( "The Queen of the Spades ", Tchaikovsky ) -Dmitry Hurostovsky at the Metropolitan Opera ( 1998 ) YouTube - Ya vas lyublyu - Dmitri Hurostowsky Renee Fleming and Dmitrij Hurostiwski host the final scene of Tchaikowski's " Yevgeny Onegin. " ( Part I ) YouTube-Yevgeny onegin - Final scene - Hurostovski/Fleming - I Renee Fleming and dmitri Hvorostovski host the last scene of the " Yevgeni Onegin" of Tchikomsky.	0
Saga is good too , I like any of her stuff that I 've heard , although I hear she is n't too popular with some of the people in the movement in her own country ...	She is also good, I like everything I’ve heard of her, but I’m listening that she’s not so popular with some of the people in the movement of her country...	0
I really have given no thought to changing eye or hair color , so it really does not matter to moi .	I really haven’t thought about changing the color of my eyes or hair, so it doesn’t really matter to me.	0
Best to All !	Better for everyone!	0
I think the only connection homosexuality has to Christianity , in this country , is the large proportion of paedophiles being representatives of Christian churches .	I think the only link that homosexuality in this country has to Christianity is that the majority of pedophiles are representatives of the Christian church.	1
YouTube - Chucky cheese Brawl/Fight Yeah , never taking my kids there ... if and when I have kids	Chucky cheese Brawl/Fight yeah, never take my children there... if and when I have children	0
Perhaps this person would care to use the PM facility and let others know how happy he/she is to join WS .	Per this person would be concerned about using the PM facility and letting others know how happy they are to join WS.	0
I bookmarked their website last night .	I posted my website last night.	0
Thanks for the advice i 'll keep that on mind .	Thank you for the advice, I will keep that in mind.	0
North Irish militants forcing police from their homes Police in Northern Ireland are being forced to flee their homes by nationalist militants stepping up attacks on a force they consider to be a symbol of British rule , a police official said on Wednesday .	Radicals in Northern Ireland have forced police to leave their homes, they see as a symbol of British rule, a police official said on Wednesday that radical nationalists are forcing them to flee their homelands.	0
Or so this short film would have you believe !	This movie will make you believe it!	0
We have a saying in South Africa : As die kop dom is moet die lyf sukkel .	In South Africa, there is a saying: “As die kop dom is must die lyf sukkel.”	0
Let 's hear it again this morning .	Let’s hear it again today morning.	0
What would you have done instead ?	So what would you do instead?	0
I hardly have any Slav in me , but my great great grandma was Serbian so I have a little Slavic in me .	I had hardly any Slavs, but my great grandmother was Serbian, so I had a little Slav in my heart.	0
They are internationalist-Marxists .	They are Marxist internationalists.	0
I go to the museum every time I visit the city just to see this painting .	I go to the museum each time I visit the town just to see this painting.	0
I think Cork fans still use it anyway .	I think the Cork fans are still using it anyway.	0
Your right but i would say if nothing is done fast in 5 years Irish people are doomed .	Your statement is correct, but I would say that if it is not done quickly within five years, the Irish will be condemned.	0
A noble effort .	A great effort.	0
The sooner the better .	Sooner is better.	0
Classical music is amazing but it 's no good for the gym , I have to play some metal for that , a new band I have started listening to called Spellblast fits the bill nicely .	Classical music is great, but not good for gym, I have to play some metal for it, I started listening to a new band called Spellblast.	0
God forbid anyone should promote straight racially loyal hetrosexuality Diablo	God prohibits anyone who promotes racial and loyal heterosexuality	1
I heard that some black people pretend to be ghetto because they have no money and they live in the ghetto .	I’ve heard that some black people claim to be ghettos because they don’t have money and they live.	0
Im living in Burnaby , all i see is Chinamen everywhere ... what happened to the great colony built by the British Empire ?	Living in Burnaby, all I see are Chinese everywhere...what happened to the great colony built by the Empire?	1
Australian here too , 1/4 Irish , 1/4 English , 1/4 Greek , 1/4 Latvian , 100 % white and damn proud of it too , plus my grandfather was is the ss Latvian legion which I feel was awesome .	Even in Australia, 1/4 Irish, 1/4 English, 1/4 Greek, 1/4 Latvian, 100% White, and my grandfather also felt proud of it, and I think it was great SS Latvia	0
Most Canadians here are anti-racist , and those who are n't , are afraid of expressing their feelings .	Most Canadians are racists, and those who are not are afraid to express their feelings.	0
Your tread had been moved who knows where , mine is closed so we must trespass on the hospitality of the Slavic .	Those who know where your trade is moved, the trees are closed, so we need to worry about the hospitality of the Slavs.	0
Bottom line is , waht are the ethnic breakdowns of each immigrant group admitted for the latest year available , if anyone knows ? diablo	The bottom line is, if anyone knows, what is the ethnic division of each immigrant group that was accepted in the last year?	0
Is n't that terrible ?	Isn’t it so terrible?	3
i was going to say that sod it i will say it any way F .. K you too , and F .. K off .	I’m going to say it, I’ll say it anyway F..K you’ll also say, and F.K out.	0
Yes but difference is that Putin is still in charge and Jews have to behave , while on other picture Jewess Albright is in charge and is there to give orders to Ukraine , so you ca n't really compare .	Yes, but the difference is that Putin is still responsible, the Jews have to act, and on another image, the Albright Jews are responsible, and there they send orders to Ukraine, so you really don’t compare.	0
You seem to have no grasp of the fact that it is the jews who have stolen German identities in the first place to blend in .	You seem to not understand that it was a Jew who stole German identity.	0
I agree with you , but at the same time this particular group makes white christians look very bad .	I agree with you, but at the same time this specific group makes white Christians look very bad.	0
i have been talking about it for years. the filthy muslims putting their sight on africa. in some ways they are worst then blacks .	I’ve been talking about it for years, and those dirty Muslims have turned their eyes to Africa, to some extent they’re the worst after blacks.	1
Actually, I 'm not a cook anymore .	Actually, I'm no longer a cook.	0
Looks pretty cool .	It looks quite cool.	0
White + Asian DOES NOT make white babies .	White and Asian don’t make white babies.	1
The jews represent everything vile , deviant and unnatural , everything and anything that is an abomination to our Lord Jesus Christ , I hope he is burning with his father in hell .	The Jews represent all the ugly, biased, unnatural things and the hatred of our Lord Jesus Christ, and I believe that he is burning in hell with his Father.	1
Just break up with him and never talk to him again !	Just break off with him and never speak to him again!	0
Well done .	But well done.	0
I'm from a place of 20 ' 000 and it 's 97 % white , come white people !	I came from a place of 20 000, and it was 97% of whites, coming white!	0
When I am around young people and rap music or negro culture comes up I make gestures implying the savagery of blacks .	“When I am surrounded by young people and there is rap music and black culture, I make a gesture that means black barbarism.	1
It is the spiritual awakening as I says stupid !	This is a spiritual awakening, I say stupid!	0
They do n't have capitalism there !	There is no capitalism there.	0
Are you seeing a Doctor to get some medication against your high blood pressure ?	Are you going to see your doctor to get some medication for your high blood pressure?	0
...watch this video to the end , lol .	Watch the video until the end, lol.	0
Your history teacher has to do what the zionist butt heads want them to do .	Your history teacher must do what Zionist ass wants them to do.	1
I currently live in Wisconsin and have been trying to educate myself on the PLE concept .	I am currently living in Wisconsin and I am trying to educate myself on the PLE concept.	0
Below is the `` Story of Sergey Brin '' the owner of google .	The following is the “Story of Sergey Brin”, the owner of Google.	0
Loved ones stood together at Chemung County Court to watch 35 year old Arteamus Wells appear before Judge James Hayden .	Beloved people gathered in the Chemung County Court to see 35-year-old Arteamus Wells appear before Judge James Hayden.	0
Who said those were Jews from Israel on that chart ?	Who says these people are the Jews of Israel on this picture?	0
Look at these pictures .	Take a look at these images.	0
And meanwhile , Gerry Gerry Dingleberry is trying to kill off future generations of Irish .	Meanwhile, Gerry Gerry Dingleberry tries to kill future generations of Irish.	0
The anti-whites have been using education for decades to brainwash Whites against their own race .	For decades, anti-white people have used education to brainwash white people against their race.	1
They always have anti-racism campaigns and multikulti propaganda .	They have always anti-racism campaigns and multi-culture propaganda.	0
I used to know several guys at various times turn to this for this purpose	I have met a few men at different times for this purpose.	0
Thank you ... i hope thay you all injojed in last passed football match Croatia-England ... we wasnt so much amused by losing the match ...	Thank you very much... I hope you all get angry in the last football match we passed Croatia-England... we were so fun to lose the match...	0
He is a jewish puppet .	It is a Jewish puppet.	0
Thank you for your kind words toward my nation , my friend You are always welcome here - as a friend and as a brother ... we will see each other on WNN also	Thank you for your kind words to our country, our friends You are always welcome here – as a friend and as a brother... We will also meet you on WNN.	0
i just have one hole in each ear in which i wear a pair of silver eagle dangle earrings. i dont like the exotic pericings at all .	I just have a hole in each ear in which I wear a pair of dangle silver eagle earrings.	0
Thank you Reaction65 ..	Thank you for the response 65.	0
We are always taken by surprise when something happens that we did not foresee .	We will always be surprised when something happens that we do not predict.	0
It will get better ...	It is going to get better...	0
http://www.usatoday.com/news/world/2...on-noses_x.htm	http://www.usatoday.com/ new/world/2...in-noses_x.htm	0
Welcome to reality !	Welcomed to reality!	0
I heard whites could purchase land off each other if they wanted to move into Orania .	I heard that if the white people wanted to move to Orania, they could buy land each other.	0
Here are few examples of Gregorian Chant : YouTube - Gregorian Chant Benedictinos YouTube - Notre Dame Gregorian Chants 12/28/06 YouTube - ChantCD St. Thomas Aquinas Seminary - Gregorian Chant	Here are some examples of Gregorian Chant : YouTube - Gregorian Singing Benedictines YouTube - Notre Dame Chants gregorian 12/28/06 YouTube - ChantCD Seminary of St. Thomas of Aquinas - Cantar gregorio	0
More Negro rioting , this time at a Black Panther Party rally : YouTube - NYPD Vs Black People , ( Macon st riot ) YouTube - NBPP vs NYPD	More Negro riots, this time at a Black Panther Party Rally: YouTube - NYPD vs. Black People, (Macon st riot) YouTube - NBPP vs. NYPD	0
Tight as in good abs ?	Just like a good abs.	0
Did anyone else see that Guinness Black Lager commercial ?	Have anyone seen this Guinness Black Lager?	0
I was reading a news Paper Today and there was a Picture On the Front Page Russian Youth causing the Destruction while Kyrgiz are staring at them	I was reading the news today, and on the front page there was a picture of Russian youths causing destruction while Kyrgyzstanians were looking at them.	0
I just added up the price of textbooks REQUIRED for an organic chemistry class .	I just added the price of the required textbooks for organic chemistry classes.	0
Anyone who believes that Hitler 's actions were well founded and the correct actions for the situation has to also believe that white extinction is an acceptable outcome .	Anyone who believes that Hitler’s actions were well-founded and the right actions for the situation must also believe that the extinction of the whites is an acceptable outcome.	0
Guess I will have to find a new favorite movie .	I guess I'll have to find a new favourite movie.	0
Tomorrow you will accept it and the day after that you will embrace it .	Tomorrow you will accept it, the next day you will embrace it.	0
It means `` muddy bay '' .	This means “Muddy Bay”.	0
if its such a big deal that you need to talk about it , yes. you are a non-white. you might as well be fully mongol .	If it’s so big, you’ll have to talk about it, yeah, you are a non-white and you might also be completely Mongolian.	1
Again, every time I will see filthy comment about Georgia without providing any facts , I will respond .	Again, whenever I see unreliable comments about Georgia, without providing any facts, I will answer.	0
I stumbled n this by accident Absolute savages and yet you will have all the liberal women saying how great multiculturalism is and we are all the same Le TÃ © lÃ © gramme - France - Montpellier ( 34 ) .	I happen to encounter this absolute barbar, but you will see all the liberal women who say how great multiculturalism is, and we are all the same Le TÃ © lÃ © gramme - France - Montreal (34).	1
Great!!	very well!	0
`` Cat in the Hat '' message is to have a great time behind mom 's back and to then lie to her about it .	The message from "The Cat in the Hat" is to spend a good time behind Mom's back and lie to her about it.	0
Done!	Do it.	0
well hey as a skinhead of the holy war myself you have no need to start a gruop just join up with the out law church of the creator. : attack	As the skinhead of the sacred war, you don’t have to start a group just to join the outlaw of the Creator’s Church.	0
If somebody commits a crime in the name of the klan they are not a real klansman and should be punished by the law as well as anybody that ordered them to commit the criminal acts .	If someone commits a crime on behalf of the clan, they are not a real clan and should be punished by the law, just like anyone who committed the crimes to them.	0
I heard from friends in Boston this is true.Blacks will attack an Irish America with a shamrock tattoo.How long before this happens in Ireland ?	I heard from a friend in Boston that it was true that Blacks would attack an Irish American with a rock tattoo, and how long before that happened in Ireland?	1
YouTube - & #x202a ; Black Male Rapes 10 yr old Deaf Girl , Claims He Thought She was her Mother & #x202c ; & rlm ; YouTube - & #x202a ; Robbers shoot customer & #x202c ; & rlm ; YouTube - & #x202a ; String of robberies by Urban Youths continue in Lincoln , NE & #x202c ; & rlm ;	YouTube - & #x202a ; Black man rapes a 10 year old deaf girl, claiming he thinks she is her mother & # x202c ; & rlm ; YouTube - and # X202A ; The robber shoots clients & # X 202C ; & Rlm ; & YouTube - with Urban Youths continues in Lincoln, NE & #X202C; & rllm ;	0
Point out Bible verses that support our position .	Note biblical verses which support our position.	0
More on Jamaica YouTube - Fighting rages in Jamaica Notice that this video was made by Al-Jazera Major Chimpout Warning !	More about Jamaica YouTube - Fighting rage in Jamaica Note that this video was directed by Al-Jazera Major Chimpout Warning!	0
Police say 19-year old Tyrus Shields threatened the victim with a knife on October 21st , then assaulted the girl twice .	According to police, 19-year-old Tyrus Shields threatened the victim with a knife on 21 October, then attacked the girl twice.	0
i SEE UTV DID NOT POST MY COMMENTS TYPICAL SPREAD THE WORD THROUGHOUT IRELAND RUN THESE INVADERS OUT GO HOME AFGANIES WOULD YOU SEE US DOING THIS IN YOUR COUNTRY ??????????????????????????????????????????? ??	I don’t see what to say about the subject, but I’ve always thought that this kind of invasion is happening in South Africa and that we’re going to do it in our country.	1
There are lot 's of asiatic people besides turks .	There are a lot of Asian people in addition to the Turks.	0
They 're music is one of the reasons I decided to become a white nationalist in the first place .	Their music was one of the reasons I decided to become a white nationalist.	0
It sounds like you are at the very beginning of the immigration problem .	You seem to be at the beginning of the immigration issue.	0
Sometimes we are told by our corrupted news that there is a small british colony living in the villages .	Sometimes we are told by our corrupt news that a small British colony lives in the villages.	0
Back when there were proper Christian churches , and people attended them , this sort of music was available every Sunday .	When there were good Christian churches, and the people visited them, this kind of music was available every Sunday.	0
Hehe..that's good .	Oh, that is good.	0
See UnityND.com .	This is unitynd.com.	0
I would love to ask `` whats to concider ?? ''	I would like to ask, “What should I say to myself?”	0
We went `` feet to floor '' , I wound up on top , secured his right arm and got him in a `` rolling armbar . ''	We went “foot on the ground,” I wounded up, insured his right arm and driven him into a “rolling armbar.”	0
I was just curious as to know what country everyone 's ancestors came from in SF .	I was curious to know which country the ancestors of everyone in the SF came from.	0
Does that make sense ?	Is that makes sense?	0
It is good to keep track of the enemy as well and see what they are saying .	It is also best to track the enemy and see what they say.	0
I have green eyes which come from my Celtic ancestry .	I have green eyes from my Celtic ancestors.	0
I stopped watching the CBC when they started airing that show `` Little Mosque on the Prairie '' .	I stopped watching the CBC when they started broadcasting the “Little Mosque in Blythe” program.	0
That is only an issue to be sorted out with Serbian moderators .	This is just a problem that must be solved with the Serbian moderators.	0
One thing we did get out of this is confermation that homeschool is the way to go .	One thing we’ve got from this is the confirmation that home school is the way to go.	0
The headline brings to mind an old joke ; I have bad news and good news for ya .	The title reminds me of an old joke; I have bad news and good news.	0
You are confusing species and race .	You confuse the species and the race.	0
And this was one was specifically designed to impart the message that minorities are the new acceptable future of America and that White people will be pushed to the back .	And it was specially designed to convey the message that minorities are America’s new and acceptable future, and white people are being pushed back.	0
Our house is famous for lots of homemade stuff including the classic home made bread .	Our house is famous for many homemade things, including classic homemade bread.	0
White people ca n't just be left alone , can they ?	White people are not alone, right?	0
This guy seems to get it but otherwise : Sorry jigs , you 're on your own	This man seems to get it, but different : Sorry jigs, you are on your own	1
Yeah, after losing peanut butter as their claim to fame , they 'll have to fall back on the Super Soaker .	Yes, after losing corn butter as their reputation, they would have to go back to Super Soaker.	1
I can easily get homework from my classmates .	I can get homework easily from my classmate.	0
Though i am from younger generations , these are my father words .	Although I come from a younger generation, this is what my father said.	0
I know how you feel BreakTheSilence luckily this is your last year in school and it is almost over otherwise I would say you should look into independent study where you do not have to put up with all the filth that is in the public education system .	I know how you feel BreakTheSilence Fortunately this is your last year at school and it’s almost over otherwise you’ll have independent research you don’t have to deal with all the dirt in the public education system	1
I'm not sure if you all have heard of this before or not but the other day my friend told me that he heard soon the government will require us to have an ID chip put under our skin on our hand .	I’m not sure if you’ve ever heard of it, but the next day my friend told me that he soon heard that the government would ask us to put a ID chip on our hands.	0
YouTube - Mad Max & Feral Boy Mad Max and Feral Boy YouTube - Mad Max 2 - Feral Boomerang Kid Feral Boy throws sharpened boomerang and kills bandits	Mad Max & Feral Boy - Feral Boomerang Kid Feral boy throws sharpened boomerang and kills bandits	0
I think you all got your way , and they closed down the German minority in Upper Silesia thread under Activism and Politics in Europe .	I think you have all got your own path, they have closed the lines of the German minority in the top of Silesia under European activism and politics.	0
Voice of sanity speaking at last on SF !	The Voice of Reason finally speaks to SF!	0
1488	by 1478.	0
Glædelig jul !	A happy Christmas.	2
The nra may no longer exist .	The nra might no longer exist.	0
They are culturally raping european countries in every way .	They are culturally violating European countries in all ways.	1
UPDATE 1pm CST !	Updated at 1pm CST.	0
We have already taken too much that we do n't need any of those people on our soil .	We have already taken up so many things that we do not need the people on our earth.	1
Black-On-White Crime Blog : Blacks Commit All Crime at University of Minnesota , Organized Blackness Shouts ' Pattern Recognition ' the Real Crime	Black and White Crime Blogs: Black people commit all crimes at the University of Minnesota, and organized black behavior suggests that “pattern recognition” is a real crime	0
If I have to travel , I 'll backpack it .	If I had to travel, I would put it in my backpack.	0
YouTube - White family beaten by mob of blacks YouTube - Black gang in Des Moines , Iowa chants `` It 's Beat Whitey Night '' as they assault white people YouTube - Black Man Punches Blind White Woman On Bus	YouTube - The white family is hit by the suffering of the black YouTube - Des Moines' black band, Iowa sings 'White Night' while attacking the white YouTube - Black Man Punches Blind White Woman On Bus	0
I apologize for my ignorance .	I am sorry for my ignorance.	0
They preach diversity at their professor jobs and government jobs and it makes those White Liberal Neighborhoods and gated communities TOO white and in need of some `` Black flavor '' at home the joy of diversity right in their White daughter 's bedroom !	They proclaim diversity in teaching work and government work, which makes the white free neighbors and closed communities white, requiring some "black" joy in the diversity of the house in their white daughter's bedroom!	1
There are places where you can walk around all day and not see a single white face .	There are places you can walk around all day without seeing a single white face.	3
hello all Is any one on here from Austin Texas or not far ?	Hi everyone, has anyone come here from Austin, Texas or not far away?	0
& #x202a ; Father And Son Assault Leads To Death & #x202c ; & rlm ; - YouTube	& #x202a ; The father and son's attack leads to death & # x202c ; & rlm ; - YouTube	0
You need to post less and learn more .	You have to write less and learn more.	0
It wo n't be long until Jewish groups like ADL , SPLC , Simon Wiesenthal Center and Search light are applying big pressure to have these videos censored .	It won’t be long before Jewish groups like ADL, SPLC, Simon Wiesenthal Center, and Search light put a lot of pressure on them to censor these videos.	0
I think having our own venue for our gatherings and events has helped build a good community of like minded people and with a comfortable place for us to promote our message to the people in attendance .	I have found that having our own place for our meetings and events has helped to build a good community of people with the same thoughts and a comfortable place to convey our message to those we attend.	0
The boy had scars and burn marks from head to toe .	The boy burned his wounds from his head to his back.	0
The .54 will flip a white tail over pretty handily ...	.54 will be quite convenient to slide on the white tail...	0
I am not very well read when it comes to Fascism and was led to believe that they 'd have eschewed any non-European culture or influence .	I didn’t read very well about fascism and was guided to believe that they would avoid any non-European culture or influence.	0
I used to enter horse competitions until I was thrown off one and broke my leg .	I used to participating in the horse race until I was thrown out one and broken my legs.	0
None of my relatives have brown eyes , obviously .	Not one of my relatives has brown eyes, obviously.	0
http://movies.nytimes.com/2009/02/06/movies/06shor.htmlYouTube-NewBoyhttp://www.getthebigpicture.net/blog...m-new-boy.html	http://movies.nytimes.com 2009/02/06/films/06shor.htmlYouTube-NewBoy http://www.getthebigpicture.com/blog...m-new-boy.html	0
Christ 's sacrifice eliminated the need for any other sacrifice , and his covenant eliminated all others .	The sacrifice of Christ eliminated the necessity of any other sacrifices, and His covenant eliminated all the others.	0
sounds like your trying to give her your life story when you first meet , that will come in time , just have fun man	It sounds like you’re trying to give her the story of your life when you first meet, and it’s going to come in time, just a fun man.	0
Indeed.	indeed is.	0
I ca n't wait till the news starts promoting racial integration with the negro Too unsuspecting whites who do n't know she is not a white	I don’t wait until the news starts to promote racial integration of blacks and so doubtless white people do not know that she’s not white.	0
Just makes for an easier form for me !	It will just make the form easier for me!	0
Nice to see !	Good to see!	0
I was wondering the same thing when I first saw that this section was added .	I was wondering about the same thing when I first saw this section being added.	0
I'm pretty sure its not legal to pull someone over for out of state plats but living in Tn for the past 5 years I see it all the time .	I’m sure it’s not legal to pull someone out of the stock, but I’ve always seen it when I lived in TN for the last five years.	0
Ha.	Ha has	0
Both Asians and whites are composed and calm and blacks seem to have no self control .	Both the Asian and White are composed, calm, and the Black appears to have no self-control.	1
did anyone go to this last night ?	Has anyone been here last night?	0
I can find my way out of the building on my own , thank you .	I can go out of the building for myself, thank you.	0
`` Gott Mit Uns ''	“God is with us.”	0
I am within an hour from Saskatoon .	I'm within an hour of Saskatoon.	0
Anyways WELCOME !	Anyway welcome!	0
He likes selecting movies .	He loves to select movies.	0
They do not want an anti-Islamic uprising that results in the expulsion of Muslims .	They do not want an anti-Islamic revolt that leads to the expulsion of Muslims.	0
You will need to hit the translate button on the above link .	You will have to touch the translation button on the link above.	0
Dr. David Duke mentions about his friendship with Dr. William Shockley in his latest video ( 6/22/2010 ) titled `` Will the White Race Survive ? '' http://www.youtube.com/watch ? v = RoKl47nK04M	Dr. David Duke mentions it in his latest video (6/22/2010 ) about his friendship with Dr. William Shockley as entitled "Will the White Race Survive?" http://www.youtube.com/watch? v = RoKl47nK	0
If you are looking for such kind of music , then be sure to check out the following bands : ( PS : I 'm not very good at describing music-styles , but * * * * , I 'll give it a try ! )	If you’re looking for this kind of music, then make sure to check the following bands: ( PS: I’m not very good in describing the styles of music but * * *, I’ll try! )	0
Anyway good luck all .	Anyway, I wish you all good luck.	0
I'd have to say that quite simply he is the greatest human to ever walk on this planet .	I would have to say that, simply, he is the greatest man who has walked on this planet.	0
I even support it .	I am even supporting it.	0
I've replied to a few posts by guys in the past and got no reply back , so some of us ladies ARE actually trying	I have responded to some posts by the guys in the past and I have not received any response, so some of us ladies are really trying	0
Hi, I am 26yo from Glendale AZ .	Hi, I'm 26yo from Glendale.	0
i know but i was thinking more along the lines of black powder revolvers and so on , i must say that i had never thought of black powder fired electrically i 'll have to look that up .	I know, but I thought more along the lines of the black powder Revolver and so on, I have to say that I never thought that black Powder was powered electrically, I’ll have to see it.	0
The saddest figure in the apartment complex where I live ( thank GOD I 'm moving next month !!! ) is a fat , blowzy white woman with two mixed race kids whose husband ran out on the family years ago .	The saddest character in the apartment I lived in (thank God, I moved next month!!!) was a fat, pale white woman with two mixed-racial children whose husband left the family a few years ago.	0
Sounds interesting , thanks for posting it .	It seems interesting, thank you for posting it.	0
I saw someone playing on an Enemy Territory server using this handle and I was wondering if it was someone who posts here .	I saw someone playing on enemy territory servers using this handle and wondered if there was someone posting here.	0
In clubs that search people you see them get their asses handed to them .	In the clubs where you’re looking for people, you’ll see that they’re giving their asses to them.	0
A dog collar on a toddler .....	A dog with a necklace.	0
Great thread and welcome to the South.So glad you left that crumbling state of California.North Ga , Tenn. , and N. Alabama are wonderful places to be among our own people .	Great lines and welcome to the South, so glad you left the collapse of California, Northern California, Tennessee, and Northern Alabama are the wonderful places to live among our own people.	0
Justin Trudeau Behaving Like a Child ` I saw him stick his tongue out ' : Trudeau accused of ` childish behaviour ' in House of Commons | Globalnews.ca .	Justin Trudeau behaved as a child 'I saw him throwing his tongue' : Trudeo accused of 'child behavior' at the House of Commons Globalnews.ca.	0
Many-a-luck to you , gille .	Good luck to you, Gill.	0
Is the time now ?	The time is now?	0
http://www.news4jax.com/news/25976955/detail.html	HTTP://www.news4jax.com/News/25976955/ Detailed information.html	0
Marco Laszcz is a singer and mastermind of the band Sleipnir .	Marco Laszcz is the singer and mastermind of the group Sleipnir.	0
It was gross .	It is gross.	0
Just last month , in fact , he was charged with criminal domestic violence .	Last month, he was actually charged with domestic violence.	0
Now it is time to drive out all traitors !	Now is the time to get rid of all the traitors!	0
yeah i have lived in a few big american cities as far as big cities go though i think denver is one of the beytter ones 2508	Yes, I’ve lived in a few big U.S. cities, although I think Denver is one of the biggest 2508 cities in the world.	0
Thanks .	and thanks.	0
I watch very little television and what little I do watch sure as hell wo n't be spent as a study of the common * * * * * * s psyche .	I watch TV very little, and I watch how little I’m watching, because hell is not spent on the study of the ordinary * * psych.	0
Take it somewhere else and stop wasting space .	Take it elsewhere and stop wasteing space.	0
But be careful what you say , some * * * * * * or anti-White supremacism person might say `` Ca n't we get over our petty differences like skin color or culture and get along . ''	But be careful what you say, any * * *** or white supremacist opponent can say, "We can't overcome our small differences, such as skin color or culture, and we cannot be together."	0
Hi, I 'm trying to move myself and my three year old son up to Northern California or even out of state somewhere near woodlands and I am curious if anyone knows about places I might be able to stay for cheap or free or if anyone has a contact .	Hi, I’m trying to move myself and my three-year-old son to Northern California, or even somewhere near the forest, and I wonder if anyone knows where I can stay cheaply or for free, or if someone has a connection.	0
Welcome SourceX , I hope you will read more and maybe become a white nationalist , I refrain from calling myself a racist because I do n't hate other races but a white nationalist because I want to preserve my race and culture and to live in a white country .	I hope you read more and maybe become a white nationalist, I don’t call myself a racist because I don't hate other races, I want to preserve my race and culture because I like to live in a white country	0
ive been lucky enough for that never to have happened .	I was lucky that it never happened.	0
Everyone in Ireland has a duty to make life as difficult for blacks as possible if our children are too have any kind of future .	Everyone in Ireland has a duty to make life as difficult as possible for blacks if our children also have a future.	1
I guess most of them keep to themselves .	I think most of them leave it for themselves.	0
Nothing yet , eh ?	Not anything yet, right?	0
I cant stand corruption at any level .	I can stand against corruption at all levels.	0
No.	not not.	0
Only in the mind of the INTERNATIONAL JEW could such an evil machination , with its ticker tape parade of lies , be cooked up !	Only in the minds of international Jews can this evil machine be created, along with the false tape parade!	1
Have you ever ridden your dirt bike to Florida ?	Have you ever been on a bicycle to Florida?	0
I could never picture the site of one of the women of the Holy Rus shacking up with some Islamic mud from that fithy , impoverished , and godforsaken mountainous * * * * hole !	I could never imagine a woman from the Holy Russia digging some Islamic mud out of that dirty, poor and God-abandoned cave!	1
The cover art for this textbook made me laugh HARD , when I first saw it .	The cover art for this book made me laugh hard when I saw it for the first time.	0
Jews are not only insane , they are of literal demonic DNA .	The Jews are not only mad, they have literally demonic DNA.	1
I 'll have to rep you for it later .	I will have to contact you later.	0
Now they 'll start searching people before they can board a bus , or they 'll be installing metal detectors at the bus terminals .	Now they will start searching for people before they can ride the bus, or they will install a metal detector on the bus terminal.	0
Until you can explain the meaning of this statement I will consider you to have just outdone every troll that 's been on here .	Until you can explain the meaning of this explanation, I will take into account that you have simply excluded all the trolls that have been here.	0
well im glad to hear there are more youth in our world and lets all hope those mudds and niggs go to h-e-l-l	Well, I’m glad to hear that there are more young people in our world and I let everyone wait for those mud and blacks to go to h-e-l-l.	1
The worst thing about this is that every single one of our beautiful cities in ALL of our countries now look like this .	The worst thing about this is that all the beautiful cities in all our countries look like this right now.	1
Indeed, so many species have been hunted to extinction .	Many species are being pursued to extinction.	0
If you come down n ' around Sacramento California area send me a message .	If you get down in the area of Sacramento California send me a message.	0
I too have dealt with nonsense from universities .	I’ve heard of college stupidity too.	0
No doubt the bulk of her votes came from the ever growing chinese immigrant community around Belfast .	Without a doubt, most of their votes come from the growing Chinese immigrant community around Belfast.	3
She is Ukrainian .	They are Ukrainian.	0
This thread reminds me of a post from the old board .	That thread reminds me of an old post from the board.	0
OSLO TURNING INTO A MAJOR CRIMINAL MUSLIM MECCA	Oslo is the Muslim Mecca of the greatest crime.	1
It is a total disgrace when tax-payer dollars can go to promoting such degenerate filth .	It’s a complete shame when the taxpayer’s dollar can promote such degenerated dirt.	1
`` Final fried chicken delivery truck leaves for Detroit ( never to be seen again ) . ''	“The last freezed chicken delivery truck starts for Detroit (not to see again).	0
They all p * * * * d off and stayed up their end with that stupid look on their faces .	They all gave up and left their ends with that stupid look on their faces.	0
This is why we should be educating our children like they educate theirs .	We should educate our children as they educate their own.	0
Obama has membership in Prince Hall ( for blacks ) lodge and will become the next president , according to this guy : [ youtube = http://www.youtube.com/watch ? v = _ nLfRsReGII ] Zagami [ /youtube ]	Obama is a member of the Prince Hall Lodge (for Black) and will become the next president, according to this type: [ youtube = http://www.youtube.com/watch? v = _ nLfRsReGII ]	0
There is no time like the present .	There are no times like the present.	0
I am giving the whole bag to the kids across the street ....	I give all the bags to the kids on the street.	0
Wait when did he single you out and call you a racist do you know him or have talk to him in person ?	Wait when he has made you single and calls you a racist, you know him or you have spoken to him personally?	0
Surprisingly , no one has said anything about that .	Surprisingly, nobody has said anything about this.	0
Know `` mera '' !	Knowing “More”	0
How can the Jews be the same as God 's people when they are tring to kill them ?	How could the Jews be the same as the people of God, when they were trying to kill them?	1
I am looking for people in north county area .	I'm looking for people in the Northern County area.	0
Are you kidding me ?	Are you joking with me?	0
You say Bloeslaw Chrobry ; in Croatian we would say Boleslav Hrabri .	You say Bloeslaw Chrobry, but in Croatian you say Boleslav Hrabri.	0
Probably the largest listening audience he 's ever had .	Per the greatest audience he has ever had.	0
Yeah, thank God for fingers ....	Thanks to God for your fingers...	0
I go into town and put resistance.com buisness cards in public libraries and give them out on the street to various people that have a white complexion .	I go into the town and put the resistance.com buisness cards in the public library and pass them on to the various people in the city who have white shapes.	0
They are both cultural threats	It is both a cultural threat.	1
I hope all their farms burn down and their nappy headed children squandle in the flames .	They hope that all their farms will burn, and their little-headed children will be burned in the fire.	1
im 21 in hamilton looking for people who dont put up with society 's crap my email is hammer _ smashed _ skull@hotmail.com	I am 21 in Hamilton looking for people who don't get up with the company's shit my email is hammer _ crushed _ skull@hotmail.com	0
The citizens who look to fight the people that walk the street are targeting the foot of the beast .	Citizens who are trying to fight people walking the streets are striking the beast's feet.	0
Why do they have all these Africans there anyway ?	Why are all these Africans here?	0
Scientists portray neanderthals as whites because they 're politically correct and scientifically incorrect .	Scientists describe Neanderthals as white because they are politically right and scientifically wrong.	0
I think you underestimate how many times I have actually taken different tests .	I think you underestimate how many different tests I actually did.	0
How evil can you get huh ?	How much evil can we do?	0
When Starbucks had that race talk crap a few months back .	When Starbucks talked about this race a few months ago.	0
A : 20 yards Q : If 3 feet = 1 yard , What distance ( in feet ) was Johnny 's 20 yard football pass ?	A: 20 Yards Q: If 3 foot = 1 yard, how far (in foot) was Johnny's 20 yard football pass?	0
I find it inspiring .	I found it inspired.	0
http://users.erols.com/interlac/corres.htm Check out these schools , most offer high school level courses for credit if the school will accept them you will have to check .	HTTP://users.erols.com/interlac/corres.htm Check this school, if most high school level courses are offered as credit, the school will accept them you need to check.	0
I hope that all the security personnel and hangers-on who I saw chasing girls in the Voodoo lounge the other day do n't tell all their friends back in the Bronx about Latvia as a holiday destination !	I hope all the security staff and hangars I saw chasing the girls in the Voodoo lounge the other day don’t tell all their Bronx friends that Latvia is a holiday destination!	0
There is a young maid as well and they are about to be married under a sacred tree .... that is what the Oak and fire in the background are about .	There’s also a young woman and they’ll get married under a holy tree... that’s what the oak and fire are in the background.	0
All you liberals care about is `` Diversity . ''	The only thing that liberals are interested in is “diversity.”	1
Thank you	Thanks to You	0
Having said that , i like it .	When I say that, I like it.	0
Yep the bottom line is without a strong family behind her a young girl is very vulnerable .. The Jew knows this and Glamorises the Negro using its media power , here we see the results .	The bottom line is that there is no strong family behind her a young girl is very vulnerable.. the Jews know this and the Black Glamorises use its media power, here we see the results.	1
I know , it 's disgusting .	I know, it’s disgusting.	0
Check out the Knights of the Ku Klux Klan www.kukluxklan.org they also have a internet news program usually updated weekly and can be seen with Real Player www.thomasrobb.com : )	Check out the Ku Klux Klan Knights at www.kukluxklan.org They also have an Internet news show that is normally updated weekly and can be viewed on Real Player atwww.thomasrobb.com : )	0
Investigators believe that Ewell pretended to be a utility repairman to get into the home of Leamond Turnage , 69 , and his wife Robyn , 57 .	Investigators believe that Ewell pretended to be a public utility repairman and entered the house of 69-year-old Leamond Ternage and his 57-year old wife Robin.	0
How are the kids supposed to learn about how evil Whitey is if their parents are teaching them how to read and write ?	How should children learn how bad Whitey is if their parents teach them to read and write?	0
man i always have a hard time when ever i try to make a website too much stuff to do i get confused well anyway id really like to see that website whenever you get finished with it Heil Hitler	Men I’ve always had a tough time when I’m trying to do a website too much to do something I get confused, anyway, I really like to see that site when you finish it.	0
Hate Asians ?	Do you hate the Asian people?	0
And yet they attacked the SDL for attempting to publicly mourn the violent death of a white man racially murdered by two paki men !	Nevertheless, they attacked the SDL for trying to publicly mourn the violent deaths of white men who were racially killed by two Pakistani!	0
And you nonwhites are mostly here to be unjustifiably abusive ?	And are you, non-white people, most of you here to abuse you unfairly?	0
Its a spiral in to decline ted heath ex tory pm said unemployment eats in to your soul .	It’s a spiral in the decline Ted Heath said that unemployment eats your soul.	0
College kids are use to hearing Black History Month or Native American History Month .	University children are used to listen to the Month of Black History or the month of Native American History.	0
Typical Negro .	typical black.	1
I grew up in a neighborhood called Transcona it was always white until the last 15 20 years .	I grew up in a neighborhood called Transcona, which has always been white until the last 15-20 years.	0
I hope we 're above that sort of thing .	I hope we can overcome this thing.	0
You are the loyal punk to dead men that would underbid your labor with slaves of the negro race .	You are a loyal punk to the dead who will destroy your work working with the slaves of the black race.	1
The black candidates proudly show their picture .	The black candidates are proud to show their image.	0
The immigration laws have not being updated so everybody can ask for a N-Card ( refugee permission ) , living here and the Social Security Departement of each canton will pay them 1.an one-piece appartement ( 300 $ /month ) 2.Hospital Insurance ( 200 $ /month ) 3.argent de poche ( 300 $ /month ) ....	The immigration laws are not updated so that anyone can apply for a N card ( refuge obligation) where he lives here and the Ministry of Social Security of each canton pays them 1st one-part apartment ( $ 300 / month ) 2nd hospital insurance ( $ 200 / month ).	0
Indeed they are , and if one does n't stop for a moment to consider the implications of that , they do n't see the obvious contraction in terms .	In fact, they are, if a person is constantly considering its consequences for a moment, they do not see a clear decrease.	0
As for the ' Oxegen experience ' , watch out that your tent does n't get burnt to the ground , like what happened to many people last year .	As for the “Oxegen experience”, make sure your tent is not burned to the ground, as has happened to many people over the past year.	0
You can see injun features .	You can look at injun features.	0
For those of us who have dealt directly with jews , its not very different than having dealt with the mafia .	For those who deal directly with the Jews, this is no different than dealing with the mafia.	0
I am White and I believe all White people know the difference between right and wrong no matter what they say about their political positions.We are facing genocide as a people and the infighting is just loved by non Whites .	I am a white man and I believe all white people know the difference between right and wrong, no matter what they say about their political positions.	1
She is not white .	She isn't white.	0
Best cap and ball revolver ever made .	The best cap and pistol ever made.	0
Hi.	Hello and	0
The zoo ?!?!	The Zoo?	0
You can do better than five bucks an hour .	You can do more than 5 bucks per hour.	0
We ought to give this material a better edge for their advancement in life , business and politics !	We should give this material a better advantage for their progress in life, business, and politics!	0
Miss Germany looks southern too .	Germany is also seen in the south.	0
This is black behavior as well .	It is also a black behavior.	0
20 years from now we will see a 120 year old holocaust survivor tell there story of the horrors of the death camps and those nasty ss soldiers .	Twenty years from now, you’ll see a 120-year-old Holocaust survivor telling the horrors of the death camp and the stories of that ugly SS soldier.	0
Discussing a past historical event does n't `` preserve '' anything ....	Discussing past historical events can’t “save” anything.	0
i agree these people are full of themselves . . . and i am white nothing is wrong with a different skin color white people are not better than anyone else	I agree that these people are full of themselves... and I’m white, nothing is wrong with a different skin color, white people are no better than anyone else.	0
Like they all have gay and lesbian friends for one and if you say you think homosexuality is an abomination then that is your last date .	Just as they all have a gay and gay friend, if you say you think gay is an insult, then this is your last date.	0
Girl I bey you are fly !!!	You are flying!!	0
Look at it this way : Most goths/emos/punks are white .	The majority of Goths/emos/punks are white.	0
I put you on my msn. dont accept if you dont want too	I’ll put you in my msn. Don’t accept if you don’t want to.	0
By the time I was growing up in the 2000s and early 2010s the area was already mixed and a few shops closed down .	At the time I grew up in the 2000s and early 2010s, this area was already mixed and some stores were closed.	0
Francesca Battistelli : Beautiful Beautiful YouTube - Francesca Battistelli - Beautiful , Beautiful ( Video ) Meredith Andrews : You 're Not Alone YouTube - Meredith Andrews - You 're Not Alone ( Music Video )	Francesca Battistelli - Beautiful, Beautiful (Video) Meredith Andrews: You're Not Alone YouTube - Mereditha Andrews - You're Not Solo (Music Video)	0
A few more people still holidaying .	There are still a few people on vacation.	0
Day 2 Do n't Leave Watch the city burn around you .	Day 2: Don’t let yourself see the city around you burn.	0
I wish I had been in the youth corps .	I want to be in a youth group.	0
Teachers Combine Math With Social Justice Lessons - The College Fix Meanwhile in the other side of the world ...	Teachers combine lessons of mathematics and social justice - university revision on the other side of the world	0
Do n't slam on the brakes !	Do not hit the brakes.	0
I believe if your looking you 'll never find true love .	I believe that if you look at you, you will never find true love.	0
I expect there will be half a dozen posters getting up on their soapboxes awful quickly ...	I hope there are half a dozen posters that rise up in their soap boxes terribly quickly...	0
Now it 's gone back to the way it was when I left .	Now it’s back to the way I did when I left.	0
https : //www.stormfront.org/forum/t814765/	HTTPS: www.stormfront.org/forum / t814765	0
She is classic meditteranean White .	She is a classical Mediteranean White.	0
When it happens to your friends they will come to you for advise , and they will see you were right all along .	When this happens to your friends, they will come for your advice and they will see you have always been right.	0
You have got it all wrong .	You got everything wrong.	0
Something must be done to halt this terrible wave of immigrants entering Britain .	We need to do something to stop this terrible wave of immigrants entering Britain.	1
Draco	Dracula	0
There were 2 good things about Yugoslavia .	Two good things about Yugoslavia.	3
Green eyes , though .	The green eyes, of course.	0
Take everything with a grain of salt for the wolves come in sheep clothing , your heart will know what is right .	Bring a piece of salt to everything, for the wolf will come in a sheep's robe and your heart will know what is right.	0
Like a car trying to beat the train .	It is like a car attempting to beat the train.	0
Too many libtards , I would n't waste my time there .	There are too many libtards, I’t waste my time there.	1
Susan	SUSAN is	0
thanks for the tip rock does not really macth My taste but I 'll go check it out anyway who knows	Thanks for the tip rock doesn’t really make my taste, but I’ll still check it, who knows	0
I just created a new user group for all members of Stormfront with Slavic ancestry !	I just created a new user group for all Stormfront members of the Slavic ancestors!	0
The Reptile Zoo I know is not actually a Zoo , but they take care of the animals who are dropped by people who does n't like their animals anymore .	The reptile zoo I know is not really a zoo, but they care for animals that are abandoned by people who no longer like their animals.	0
I just bought two CD 's featuring the Russian Radio Chorus Orchestra , Orchestra Vladimir Avramow , and St. Petersburg Balaika Ensemble playing such songs as St. Petersburg , Why Should I Be Sad , Dark Night , The Long Way , Wolga , So Many Days , Nastassja , Two Guitars , Fields , Hai-Da Trojka , Bandura , Tschubtschik , Troika , The Cossack , Our Little Village , Stenka Rasin , and many others .	I just bought two CDs playing songs like the Russian Radio Corus Orchestra, the Orchestra Vladimir Abramov, and the St. Petersburg Balica group, St. Petersburg, Why Should I Be Sad, Dark Night, The Long Way, Wolga, So Many Days, Nastassja, Two Guitars, Fields, Hai-Da Trojka, Bandura, Tschubtschik, Troika, The Cossack,	0
Give them a taste of their own medicience .	Give him a taste of his own medicine.	0
I grew up outside of crAKRON ( a small version of Cleveland ) .	I grew up outside Cracow (a small version of Cleveland).	0
I was so shocked to see all those blacks when i moved to Holland : S	I was so shocked to see all these black people when I moved to Holland.	1
The town of Houston is the County seat of Texas county I believe .	The city of Houston is the county headquarters of the Texas province I believe.	0
https : //www.stormfront.org/forum/t994857 / It 's a lesson for children .	https: //www.stormfront.org/forum/ t994858 / This is a lesson for children.	0
You know how they gawk as us , I think in my case because I have blue eyes and all of their females only have brown eyes so they are attracted to us .	You know how they are like us, I think in my case because I have blue eyes and all their females have only brown eyes, so they are attracted by us.	0
Just buck up and stop being lazy .	You just have to get up and stop being lazy.	0
And encourage your friends/acquaintances you see daily to change this bad habit .	And encourage friends or acquaintances you see every day to change this bad habit.	0
Because I pulled her from the ashes and I 'll bring her back to the condition she was before she was put in the hands of a neglectful old lady and a hard * * * * teenager .	For I have taken her out of the ashes and will return her to the condition she was before she was put into the hands of a negligent old woman and a tough teenager.	0
I drive a forklift in docking bay .	I’m driving a forklifter in the Docking Bay.	0
Shoe Bombers , crotch bombers , 9/11 and Israel has now been seen over 203,000 times ( in less than 2.5 months ) .	Shoe bombers, 9/11 and Israeli bombers can now be seen more than 203,000 times (less than 2.5 months).	0
Here you would be in and out of the ghetto in prob under a minute .	Here you will be inside and outside the ghetto with a check in 1 minute.	0
Hope this helps. .	Hopefully this will be helpful...	0
Give them a thousand bucks for each baby they save .	Give them a thousand dollars for every baby you save.	0
The Bear Sterns Report on Illegal Immigration Stormfront National Vanguard David Duke American Renaissance	The Bear Stars Report on Illegal Immigration Stormfront David Duke American Renaissance National Vanguard	0
Aw he was going to send the money back to his niglet family in nigeria ...	He wanted to return the money to his Niglet family in Nigeria.	0
Los Angeles is gone .	And Los Angeles has gone.	0
It is the Asians in White countries that bug me .	It was the Asian people of the white country who deceived me.	1
But its important to have more information on the enemy than they have on you .	But it is important to get more information about the enemy than they have about you.	0
Well I wonder if its started messing with the daughter yet .	I wonder if she has begun to be confused with her daughter.	1
Correct that is the exact goal of the Elite in North America .	This is exactly the goal of the elite in North America.	0
I'm actually really sad that only one person emailed me .	I am very sad that only one person has sent me an email.	0
LOL	by loll	0
Dont really listen to classical much but of what I have heard I guess beethoven `` s fifth is my favorite .	I don’t really listen to classics much, but I think from what I’ve heard, Beethoven’s “No. 5” is my favorite.	0
Of course , I 'll get together a band , and we 'll throw nice patriotic parties .	Of course, I’m gathering the band, and we’re going to throw a good patriotic party.	0
The Ukrainian Carpathians [ /TD ] [ /TD ] [ /TD ] [ /TD ] [ /TD ] [ /TD ] [ /TD ] [ /TD ] [ /TD ] [ /TD ] [ /TD ] [ /TD ] [ /TD ] [ /TD ] [ /TD ] [ /TD ] [ /TD ] [ /TD ] [ /TD ] [ /TD ] [ /TD ] [ /TD ] [ /TD ] [ /TD ] [ /TD ] [ /TD ] [ /TD ] [ /TD ] [ /TD ] [ /TD ] [ /TD ] [ /TD ] [ /TD ] [ /TD ] [ /TD ] [ /TD ]	And the mid-east, the middle east, and the east are the midsize, the mid east is the midst, the eastern is the middle.	0
This is the biggest problem which faces our race today as more non white immigrants move in whites dont want to live in or near their ghettos .	This is the biggest problem facing our race today as more and more non-white immigrants move into white ghettos that don’t want to live.	0
The reasons : Alcoholism takes around 150000 lives every year .	Alcohol addiction causes about 150,000 lives each year.	0
Justin Butler , 28 , and Briana Adams , 21 ( coalburner ) , each face a criminal abuse charge after police say the couple 's infant child was found with six healing rib fractures and a broken femur http://www.lex18.com/news/couple-fac ... with-injuries/	Justin Butler, 28, and Briana Adams, 21 (carbon burner ), each faced the charges of criminal abuse, according to the police, the couple’s six babies healed neck fractures and broken ass http://www.lex18.com/news/couple-fac... with-injuries/	0
Does it surprise you that those White hating non-whites still want to live in White countries made GREAT by White people and brought low by non-whites ?	Are you surprised that non-whites who hate whites still want to live in a white country where whites are great and lowered by non-Whites?	1
Recently blew away an old computer tower .	Recently a old computer tower was broken away.	0
Just download it and enjoy .	Just download them and enjoy.	0
Yes I saw it .	Yes, I have seen it.	0
Dunham is an English name .	Dunham was an English name.	0
Let 's order a pizza to be delivered where we are and then try to assault the driver , no one will know how to catch us .	Let us order a pizza where we are, and then try to attack the driver, no one will know how to catch us.	0
I do n't think so .	I do not think that.	0
I've been out all day today and I have n't seen a single one of ' em .	I’ve been out all day and haven’t seen any of them.	0
Then we will create a Marxist style school system to further dumb them down and reduce them to obedient global citizens .	Then we will create a system of Marxist-style schools to make them more stupid and reduce them to obedient global citizens.	1
There are 150K or so on SF and the other hundreds of millions just walk thru life with blinders on .	There are 150K or so in SF and other millions just passing through life with blind people.	0
Whenever I went anywhere little kids would come up to me and ask if I was Hitler .	Every time I went anywhere, the little children approached me and asked if I was Hitler.	0
I read an article where they ran the White rancher off his property , he left behind all types of farming equipment and a herd of livestock .	I read the article that they drove the white farmer out of his possession and left behind all kinds of farm equipment and flocks of livestock.	0
You parents who care enough to commit so passionately to your children are heros and heroines .	You parents who are so passionate about your children are heroes and heroines.	0
I reported dozens of posts but who knows if anything was done .	I like the tens of posts, but who knows if something has been done.	0
Thank you	Thanks to	0
I had a few glasses of boddington 's on tap at a bar a while back .	I had a few glasses in the bar for a while.	0
Im from Central NJ .	in the center of NJ.	0
I hear the jews are looking to open a Holohoax center in Antarctica next year .	I heard that the Jews were trying to open a Holohoax center in the Antarctic next year.	1
ZOG is getting rid of every White-dominated area in the world .	ZOG is removing all white-dominated regions in the world.	1
Never ever do our groceries look like this .	Our shops never look like that.	0
I'm down for that , and I could bring along some other WN folks .	I’m down for that, and could bring other people from WN with me.	0
Not once in the Bible are Jesus or God 's people ever called a Jew .	Not even in the Bible Jesus or the people of God are ever referred to as Jews.	0
Cool, finally got it working just in time to hear someone call in and let the host know that thanks to Stormfront , the show is being listened to all over the world .	Cool, it worked at a time when someone finally heard the call and told the host that the show was being heard around the world thanks to Stormfront.	0
It 's not very Irish to talk behind backs , Ted .	It’s not too Irish to speak behind, Ted.	0
We need to figure out how to make these products on a small scale for the White Nationalist community so we are not stuck buying from anti-White companies .	We need to understand how to manufacture these small-scale products for the white nationalist community so that we are not stuck in buying from anti-white companies.	0
As a nation , we are in desperate need for an immigration time out and a zero tolerance policy for those here illegally .	As a nation, we absolutely need immigration time and a zero-tolerance policy for those who are here illegally.	1
Keep Russia free from dark skinned beings !!!! thank you and please forgive me for mistakes .	Keep Russia free from dark skin creatures!!! thank you, please forgive me for my mistake.	1
Check out all the Whites making pro Israel comments https : //www.facebook.com/photo.php ? v = 10204417923596945	See all the comments of the white people who make pro Israel https : //www.facebook.com/photo.php? v = 5104417923596945	0
If White celebrities had lots of children that 'd set the dangerous example that Whites should n't stop at 1 - 2 .	If the white celebrity has a lot of children, they will put a dangerous example that the white people should not stop at 1 - 2.	0
You can start out as an aware person who does n't need a herd to tell if something just is n't right , but if you have no allies and you 're bombarded with the mass point of view , you will succumb more and more .	You can start as a conscious person who doesn’t need a bunch of people to tell you that something is wrong, but if you don’t have allies and are bombarded from a public perspective, you’ll become more and more submissive.	0
Has anyone ever tried to get one of these ads on talk radio ?	Have you ever tried to get one of these ads from the chat radio?	0
Show her a William Pierce video on YouTube and then explain it to her .	Show her a video of William Pierce on YouTube and then explain to her.	0
Sad how low people will go you know ?	How low will people go, you know.	0
Some nice pictures and videos too .	There are good photos and videos.	0
The younger ones will say they are survivors because they were sperm in the men and eggs in the women .	Young people will say they are survivors because they are male sperm and female eggs.	0
Yes, I hope and pray that my country will stay clean as long as possible .	Yes, I hope and pray for my country to stay clean as long as possible.	3
It 's a good read , and tells the truth .	It is a good reading and it says the truth.	0
just wanted to thank you for meeting up this weekend .	I would like to thank you for meeting this weekend.	0
YouTube - Authorities release video of detention officer assaulting EDIT : I actually thought the attacker was a male negroid until I just read a report on it on New Nation News .	YouTube - Authorities have released a video of a prison police officer attacking EDIT : I actually thought the attacker was a black man, but I read about it in the New National News	0
However if you avoid larger fish such as Swordfish and Tuna , your chances of ingesting mercury are substantially reduced .	However, if you avoid bigger fish such as sword and tuna, your chances of mercury intake are significantly reduced.	0
You see through the BS and are using FB for the cause .	You are looking through the BS and using the FB for that reason.	0
Thank you for posting your story .	Thank you to post your story.	0
Works great , simple to use , even the kids can do it .	It works very well, it is easy to use, even children can do it.	0
When I was at your age I had to work for every penny I spent and I had to walk to school kilometers a day and ...	When I was your age, I had to work for every penny I spent, walking a few miles a day to school.	0
I do n't think that any white person with brown hair brown eye 's is infirior to me .	I don’t think any white man with brown hair and brown eyes is disgraceful to me.	0
Get armor for yourself !	Build a weapon for yourself!	0
Do not open the door at 2 : 00 AM for anyone .	Do not open the door to anyone at 2 a.m.	0
See Jeff Cooper for further instruction .	Find Jeff Cooper for further instructions.	0
I'm glad we 're all hanging on in there .	I am glad that we are all trapped there.	0
Do you not think all the talk about Russians should be put on a thread of that theme ?	Do you not think that all the stories about the Russians should be placed in the key to that topic?	0
It seems all of Northern Mexico is embroiled in open Warfare and our border patrol is having clashes with Drug Gangs shooting their way across the border CWII2008	It seems that the whole north of Mexico is plunged into an open war, and our border patrols are in conflict with the drug gangs that are crossing the border.	0
Residents against racism has organised a march or demonstration ( whatever ) to keep these killers in ireland and bring in more .	Residents against racism have organized a march or a demonstration (as any) to keep these murders in Ireland and bring more.	0
Japan REACTOR - RODS MELT !	The Japanese reactor – RODS MELT.	0
I would like too see white people get together and get us a white pride day	I would also like to see the Whites come together and give us a day of white pride.	0
We have lucked out for a change .	We were lucky for the change.	0
YouTube - Broadcast Yourself .	YouTube – Broadcast your own.	2
They sound so naive , when will they learn that these people do not want to intergrate just accumulate .	They sound so naive when they get to know that these people don’t want to integrate, but just to accumulate.	1
Many years ago I heard from a swedish friend lots of maffia-activity comes from the Russians .	Many years ago, I heard from a Swedish friend that a lot of mafia activities came from Russians.	0
Wisconsin should have way more than what this map shows .	Wisconsin should be more than this map shows.	0
50 shades of brown	Fifty Shades of Brown.	1
Their identity is the Liberal Tribe , and they seek out and morally support other members of their tribe .	Their identity is a liberal tribe, and they seek and support other members of their tribe.	1
Apparently young kids pick languages up very quickly .	It seems young children pick up languages very quickly.	0
Really?	really really?	0
I would prefer to get the lot of us together and tackle the real enemies of Northern Ireland and the Republic of Ireland ergo the Island of Ireland ... and the enemy is n't each other my brothers and sisters .	I would rather bring our part together to solve the real enemy of Northern Ireland and the Republic of Ireland, on the island of Ireland... the enemy is not each other’s brothers and sisters.	0
My kinda place !	The place of mine!	0
It was FREE ...	That was free...	0
Got to laugh at how he is saying about how forward thinking and how much egyptians love democracy when they are about to hand power to a bunch of hard line Islamic fundamentalists who are more backward and worse than the last mob you Could n't make it up	We need to laugh at what he thinks positively, and what the Egyptians say about how much they love democracy, but they are ready to hand over power to a crowd of hardline Islamic fundamentalists who have retreated and worse than the last crowd.	1
The site become legendary www.ns-wp.cc has again opened video section is accessible http://ns-wp.cc/index.php ? option = com _ jdownloads & Itemid = 5 & task = view.download & cid = 2 New Year 's congratulation http://ns-wp.cc/index.php ? option = com _ jdownloads & Itemid = 5 & task = view.download & cid = 3 Flying untermench	The site becoming legendary www.ns-wp.cc has once again opened video section is accessible http://ns- wp.cc/index.php? option = com _ jdownloads & Itemid = 5 & task = view.download & cid = 2 New Year's congratulation http://nos-wp	0
Yes, this painting is in the Art Institute of Chicago .	Yes, this painting is located at the Chicago Institute of Art.	0
More Whites would March in a Black Pride march than a White one .	More white people will march on the march of black pride than white people.	0
Saga ( Sweden ?? ) - Various Ultima Thule ( Sweden ) - Various There are plenty of other bands .	Saga (Sweden?) - Various Ultima Thule (Swedish) - There are many other bands.	0
Now there practically giving Ireland away .	Now, it is practically necessary to leave Ireland.	0
its ok sister if you need a help hand you no where to come 88 have a nice White day 88 goldeboy 88	Your sister well if you need a hand help you don't have where to get 88 has a good white day 88 goldeboy 88	0
Your White and went to an all black school and had no problem ?	Your white man went to a black school, no problem?	3
correct.	to be right.	0
Longer and unedited recording of the radio show : The Jay Thomas Show : ( Warning : Some Graphic Language ) Tuesday 's Heated Exchange Involving Leith Officials Over Mistreatment Claims by Girlfriend of Kynan Dutton | WDAY | Fargo , ND	Longer, unmodified recording of the radio show: The Jay Thomas Show: (Warn: Some Graphic Languages) Tuesday's hot exchange involving Leith officials on allegations of abuse from Kynan Dutton's girlfriend	0
That picture was truly revolting .	This image was really revolting.	0
Blacks seem to be hell bent on embarrassing themselves and acting like animals everywhere they go .. this is pretty typical behaviour ..	Black people feel ashamed of themselves and seem to behave like animals wherever they go...this is quite a typical behavior.	1
I wish they 'd all bugger off back to the Sudan , Nigeria , Ethiopia or where ever the hell it is they 're from and never come back .	I hope they bring all the trouble back to Sudan, Nigeria, Ethiopia, or any place in hell, from which they come and will never come back.	1
Let's not get above ourselves lads .	We will not go beyond ourselves.	0
You mean Warsaw Uprising Museum .	Museum of the Warsaw Uprising.	0
I am not Ukrainian but the Ukraine nationalists and right wing should understand that our white race in all nations in Europe North America Australia and South Africa along with any other white nations should support each other and join together against the Marxist multiculturistic agenda that 's invading every white nation and start to over through the powers to be that is responsible for this genocide and start considering deportation of non whites in white nations !	I’m not Ukrainian, but Ukrainian nationalists and right-wing should understand that our white race in all countries in Europe, North America, Australia and South Africa, and any other white country, should support each other, unite against the multicultural agenda of Marxism, which is invading every white nation, and begin to take responsibility for this genocide by power, and consider expelling non-whites to the white country!	1
2508	of 508.	0
Considering this is stormfront I 'd say we are all in agreement that we highly prefer white children to anything else ....	Given this being a storm, I say we all agree that we strongly prefer white children rather than anything else.	0
http://www.spamlaws.com/state/summary.html the site lists all 50 states I believe .	HTTP://www.spamlaws.com/state/summary.html the site records all the 50 states I think.	0
W.R.S. 14/88	W.S. 14 of 88	0
Well as far as I know , the origins of the white race and our sub groups are a big unknown that we have been trying to uncover for a very long time .	As far as I know, the origin of the white race and our subgroups is a huge unknown that we have been trying to reveal for a long time.	0
We have more than a few of them , but thankfully not every kid here is like this .	We have more than a few of them, but fortunately not all of the kids here are like that.	0
What I like about it is you can add people to your buddylist and download files straight from them ( something you ca n't do on Kazaa , methinks ) .	What I like is that you can add people to your buddylist and download files directly from them (what you don’t do on Kazaa, methinks).	0
I have seen her live in concert and took a photo with her , you jealous ?	I saw her in person at the concert and took a picture with her, are you jealous?	0
If not , then try to educate both you and your children at home .	If not, then try educating both yourself and your children at home.	0
Where is forced busing when you need it ?	Where is it forced to look for when you need it?	0
I have multiple sources of spark in my kit - stormproof matches , plain matchs , magnesium / steel .	I have several spark sources in my kit – storm-resistant matches, single match, magnesium/steel.	0
Those of you that go on Craig 's List may have seen them around recently .	People who go to Craig's list may have seen them recently.	0
I think he had a near death experience and saw where he is going and now he 's clinging to life with desperate tenacity	I think he has experienced a near-death experience and has seen where he is going, and now he insists on living with desperate tenacity.	0
Yes, have you seen the Pancrase tornouments in Japan ?	Have you ever seen the Kras stone in Japan?	0
If you are putting bread on a White family 's table , they will follow you .	If you're putting bread on a White family's table, they'll follow you.	0
Just watch them at North America and they like all black sport players and their `` slang '' .	Just look at them in North America and they love all the black athletes and their "slang".	1
Great Britain is Castle country for sure	England is definitely the country of castles.	0
As a matter of fact , I do kinda notice that among them .	In fact, I see it among them.	0
Polite people some times get service from small town businesses .	Friendly people sometimes get services in a small village.	0
Lemme know if you are from Ohio and maybe we could meet up and chat .	Lemme knows if you are from Ohio, maybe we can meet and chat.	0
I think I will post one , I placed my profile on Eurodate a few days ago .	I think I'm going to post one, I put my profile on Eurodate a few days ago.	0
1year 3months later 194lbs	1 year 3 months later, 194lbs	0
I stayed up all night cause of this debate .	I stayed up the whole night due to this debate.	0
Your american government does n't want us whites .	Your U.S. government doesn’t want us white people.	0
Aids - around 20000 every year .	AIDS – approximately 20,000 per year.	0
My eyes are a very dull , non-striking , dark green with yellow specks ...	My eyes are very boring, not striking, dark green with yellow spots...	0
Ca n't comment on the contents yet .	I have not commented on the content yet.	0
We're letting these creatures flow openly through our air and sea ports and not performing so much as a background test on them .	We allow these creatures to move publicly through our air and sea ports, instead of doing background tests on them.	1
I guess it 's time for a new update !	I think it’s time for another update!	0
Take any DNA test with a mountain of salt .	Take any DNA testing with a salt mountain.	0
To all white patriots , watch ENDGAME ALEX JONES , OR ENDGAME from PRISON PLANET , and learn the agenda from the criminals Jewish bankers .	For all white patriots, please watch The End of Alex Jones or the Prison Planet and learn about the agenda from the criminal Jewish bankers.	1
It 's really large .	It is really big.	0
Except peanut butter	Other than peanut butter.	0
As others have pointed out , it 's a great slogan .	As other people have pointed out, it’s a great slogan.	0
I mean just look at these photos , dont you get same feeling ?	Looking at the pictures, do you have the same feeling?	0
Little Miss Little Miss Muffet sat on a tuffet Eating a Big Mac and fries Along came a spider and sat down beside her ' Yuck ' , it said , ' I prefer flies ' .	Little Miss Little Miss Muffet Sitting on a Tuffet Eating Big Mac and Free While the spider came and sat next to her with "Yuck" and said, "I Prefer Flies."	0
on a TV show yesterday regardin crime by foreigners in Russia a black man stood up and proclaimed that crime has no colour or race. every vigoursoly clapped	In a television show yesterday, black people who watched foreign crimes in Russia stood up and declared that crimes had no color or race.	0
Just wear whatever your style is , unless its `` wigged out '' , then that would be highly unattracitive ...	Just wearing your style is what, unless it is “disappeared”, then it will be very unattractive.	0
She was tortured and mutilated .	She was kidnapped and mutilated.	0
I was hoping someone would find it useful .	I hope someone finds it useful.	0
Freundschaft - Sleipnir & Nemesis with/mit English and/und Deutsch Lyrics - YouTube	Freundschaft - Sleipnir & Nemesis with /mit English and / and German Lyrics - YouTube	2
``RiceArrives in Lithuania for NATO Talks . '' http://news.bbc.co.uk/1/hi/world/europe/4466747.stm Go Home to Africa , Condoleeza Rice !	RiceArrives in Lithuania for NATO talks. http://news.bbc.co.uk/1/hi/world/europe/4466747.stm Go to Africa, Condoleeza Rice!	0
Cheers	Congratulated	0
88 !	This is 88.	0
Who do they actually think they are banning a celtic cross !!!	Who really thinks they are prohibiting the Celtic Cross!!!	0
YouTube - Broadcast Yourself .	YouTube – Broadcast your own.	2
Maybe next time he 'll think twice before picking fights .	Probably the next time he will think twice before choosing a fight.	0
Can hardly hear our tv .	We can hardly listen to television.	0
And the only person to stop and check if the old man was alright was what looks like the only white on the station .	And the only person who stopped and checked if the old man was okay was the one who appears to be the only white man in the station.	3
This site is hilarious !	This website is fun!	0
That's not even close to what he was doing .	That is not even close to what he’s doing.	0
The last thing we need is to stop calling things for their name and to look like cowardly old school nationalists .	The last thing we need to do is stop calling things their own names and look like cowardly old school nationalists.	0
Why did you say you were a member of the `` white knights '' when it appears your a member of the knights party ?	Why do you say you’re a member of the White Knight, and you seem to be a Knight Party member?	0
I'm glad you can walk in those things .	I am glad to be able to walk in these things.	0
I was amazed how young and skinny those cadets were !	I was surprised to see how young and thin these cadets were!	0
-- Palatka police said a woman is recovering after two men brutally attacked her inside her home early Wednesday morning .	Palatka police said a woman recovered after being brutally assaulted by two men in her home on Wednesday morning	0
I guess I just do n't have any taste .	I just think I don’t have a taste.	0
I also have pre-baked cotton ( 45 minutes at 350 ) in an old pill bottle and a small container of hand sanitizer ( 70 % ethyl alcohol in gel form ) .	I also have pre-boiled cotton (45 minutes at 350) in an old bottle of pills and a small disinfectant container at hand (70% ethyl alcohol under	0
I've just been reading through quite a few of them and I 'm pleased to say there seems to be quite a degree of support .	I’ve just read quite a lot of them, and I’m glad to say that there seems to be a considerable amount of support.	0
More racist violence by blacks - this time the victim was a Chinese man : YouTube - Racist Blacks beat a Chinese man to death	Increased racist violence by black people - This time the victims were Chinese men : YouTube - Racist black men kill Chinese men	0
My favorite part : And still he ca n't see the truth right in front of his face .	My favorite part: he still doesn’t see the truth in front of his face.	0
Perhaps I will search out that damnable disk and come visiting .	Maybe I’m going to look for that poor disk and then go to visit.	0
David Duke is the best W N that can speak the truth with the media that hates him.Obama sould return to Africa and help out his own people.Updates on WWW.DAVIDDUKE.COM	David Duke is the best WN to tell the truth to the media that hates him.Obama will return to Africa and help his people.WWW.DAVIDDUKE.COM	0
Any bother u go on lock down no one gets out the cells so its not that bad prison is 24 hour boredom ..	Any problem you’re going to lock down, no one will get out of cells, so it’s not bad prison is 24 hours of boring.	0
We have to get back to our countries being for our race , the same as every other race 's country is for them .	We need our country to go back for our race, just as the nation of all other races is for them.	0
As bad as things are here , at least we can carry guns around .	No matter how bad the situation is here, at least we can carry a gun.	0
There are assimilated Gypsies , Tats , Udins , Talysh , etc among Arme nians just like u have assimilated Tatars ... but Most Armenians look like this , especially Western Armenians , victims of Genocide which u mention here ...	The assimilated Gypsies, Tatts, Woodin, Talisch, etc., are among the Nian of the army, as if you were assimilating the Tatars... but most Armenians look like this, especially in the western Armenia, mentioned here.	0
Why should we try to civilize that which cannot be domesticated or civil ?	Why do we try to civilize what can’t be domesticated or civilised?	1
Anyone know if those rifles are new production or old ?	Does anyone know if the gun is a new production or an old product?	0
I hope this line of discussion does not die out before its time .	I hope that this discussion will not disappear before its time.	0
Neither Stormfront or the moderators check the validity of posts like this .	Stormfront or moderators do not verify the validity of such posts.	0
all i can say is thank goodness i was n't educated in this country. i fear for our children i really do !	All I can say is thank God that I was not educated in this country.	0
Wow!	Wow wow!	0
You may want to consider the Harrison Arkansas area as well .	You might also want to consider Harrison Arkansas area.	0
Please notice my lengthy thread showing just a small portion of the jobs available in this area .	Please note my long thread that shows only a small part of the jobs available in this field.	0
It 's nothing but a bunch of mexicans .	This is nothing more than a group of Mexicans.	3
Parents were watching it as I was doing homework .	My parents watched it while I did my homework.	0
Oh that 's just great .	Oh, that’s just great.	0
Don't bother with black culture , it 's not worth the effort .	Don’t worry about black culture, it’s not worth the effort.	1
Animated short film starring Stormfront members .	A short film with the members of Stormfront.	0
That is just about as disgusting an advertisement as I have ever seen before and in fact the most disgusting thing I have seen ever .	It’s the most disgusting advertisement I’ve ever seen, and actually the most repugnant one I have ever seen.	0
Sad .	sadly	0
Those pictures are truly beautiful .	These photos are really beautiful.	0
The person blood and honour interviewed claimed that their are no white power groups in ireland at the moment .	The person interviewed by Blood and Honor claimed that there is currently no white power group in Ireland.	0
I read that over 1500 cars participated .	I read that more than 1,500 cars took part.	0
I live in Oslo and race-mixing is a huge problem .	I live in Oslo and race mixing is a big problem.	1
My god , what were your parents thinking ????	God, what do your parents think?	0
New York 's Old Pennsylvania Station , What a tragic loss , to promote Jewish `` Modern '' filth , no surprise !	New York's Old Pennsylvania Station, what a tragic loss, promotes the dirt of the Jewish "modern" and is not surprising!	1
Yes, before age of 10 i never saw an negro in real life , when i moved to Holland i was horrified by the amount of non-whites .	Yes, I had never seen black people in real life before I was 10, and when I moved to the Netherlands, I was shocked by the number of non-whites.	1
God only knows , these people have no respect for ANYTHING not even their own .	God alone knows that these people do not respect anything, not even their own.	1
It 's time to undo the damage .	It's time to remove the damage.	0
Also do some other populations like Estonians , Latvians , Lithuanians , North Russians .	There are also other populations such as Estonians, Latvians, Lithuanians, and Northern Russians.	0
My son and I have followed it since it started .	My daughter and I have been following it since it started.	0
I almost fell off my chair with sadness and anger when I heard this from the vanguard site .	I almost fell out of my chair with sorrow and anger when I heard this from the avant-garde site.	0
And I like a slight tape hiss ( or needle crackle ) in a vintage recording , though it disappears when the music gets louder .	And I like light tape (or needle crack) on old recordings, but it disappears as the music gets stronger.	0
I always told my boys what I was taught .	I always tell my kids what I was taught.	0
Then again it 's the same people who told all students living on campus they had three hours to vacate and go home .	Then they are the same people who told all the students who live on campus that they have three hours to spend their holidays and go home.	0
See if anyone you know that knows that you are on Stormfront has your phone number .	Check if someone who knows you are in Stormfront has your phone number.	0
Great deal here ! 2 bedroom , 1 bath rural cabin home on 5.6 acres in southern Missouri .	Great offer here! 2 bedrooms, 1 bathroom in the rural cabin house on 5.6 hectares in the south of Missouri.	0
Go see you tube video about Z-Backscatter Vans too .	You can also watch the tube video about Z-Backscatter Vans.	0
Everyone in my family seems to either have Green eyes or Blue too .	Everyone in my family seems to have either green eyes or blue.	0
I chose to be the stay at home dad for disciplinarian and educational purposes .	I chose to stay at home as a father for discipline and educational purposes.	0
Has anyone picked up the wording in the one commercial for ITT TECH .	Someone has collected the writing in the commercial one for ITT TECH.	0
My favorite part. sheds some light on how the Holocaust is taught in high schools around the world ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ got to keep the bankroll going in every country in every high school on the global map They have jew inspectors going to every high school making sure the holocaust is being properly taught ( if you know what i mean ) .	My favourite part is to throw some light on how the Holocaust is taught at high schools around the world ^ ^ ↑ ^ ^ ^^ ^ ^ to keep the bankrolls in each country at all the high schools on the global map They say that the Jewish inspectors go to each high school and are taught the holocaust properly.	0
Well , the warm weather is coming in and guess what , I now have to painstakingly endure all the offspring of these immigrants , Africans , foeigners ( Im putting them all because there is that many of them ) all playing out the front of the flats in the small garden area , screeching and shouting and their hyena pitched laughing .	Well, the warm weather is coming, and guess what, I have now to endure hard with all the descendants of these immigrants, Africans, predecessors (I say them all, because there are so many) all playing in front of the apartment in the small garden, screaming and screaming, their haina laughing.	1
The bible is n't jewish .	But the Bible is not Jewish.	0
I went to the baofeng website but it was in Chinese ...	I went to the baofeng website, but it was Chinese.	0
I m not the only one	I am not the only person.	0
My God .	and my God.	0
YEH YAY !!!	Yes Yes Yes!	0
I would definitely not recommend becoming a teacher in the us the pay is not the greatest .	I’t recommend being a teacher in America, and the salary isn’t the best.	0
Where can I find NS speeches and music , also historical , in mp3 format for free download on the net .	Where can I find the speeches and music, so historic, in mp3 format to download for free on the net.	0
Want to see our fate if we do n't win ?	Want to see our destiny if we don't win?	0
https : //www.stormfront.org/forum/t795949-2/#post9151222	HTTPS : //www.stormfront.org/forum/t995949-2/#post9151223	0
( As I watch from the safety in front of my computer monitor. )	(While I was watching from security in front of my computer monitor.)	0
Truth be told if they had a good White Nationalist on they would just crush the other networks .	The truth is that if they had good white nationalists, they would just destroy the other networks.	0
http://www.hs.fi/english/article/Fin ... /1135242977641	HTTP://www.hs.fi/English/Articles/Finland... /1135242977642	0
Have you seen the price of beef ?!?!	Did you see the price of beef!?	0
When I go to just about any Australian city I feel like a foreigner , these cities were built by my own flesh and blood , I should not feel like an alien in them .	When I go to any Australian city, I feel like a stranger, these cities are built by my own flesh and blood, and I should not feel like aliens.	0
In Search of the First Civilizations by Michael Wood .	Searching for the First Civilization by Michael Wood.	0
He 's not bad looking either .	It is not bad to look at either.	0
she is a snake in the grass do not accept the poisonous advice this snake has to offer .	She was a snake in the grass and did not accept the poisonous advice offered by the snake.	0
I wonder if that 's in retaliation for Loyalist mobs attacking Catholic homes with little interference from the PSNI last week .	I wondered if this was to retaliate for the loyalist masses who attacked Catholic families last week, with very little intervention by the PSNI.	0
Liberia Awaits	Liberia is waiting	0
And that 's the truth .	And that is truth.	0
Aw c 'mon Hillary is a babe .	Well, Hillary is a baby.	0
Travel through the USA 5 .	Travel to the United States 5.	0
of course they wo n't. they just want to steal our land. they would n't stop until we are all dead. and neither would we .	Of course they don’t want to steal our land; they won’t stop until we all die.	1
THANKS AGAIN !	Thank you again!	0
The next world cup will be the greatest murder and rape fest since Katrina .	The next World Cup will be the biggest murder and rape party since Katrina.	1
I went to Columbia .	I have gone to Columbia.	0
So ok We are not idiots , but We see and do not act .	We are not idiots, but we do not see and act.	0
I've tried to meet for coffee with a few people but everybody is really spread out , it 's tough to find the time to go out and meet like minded people .	I’ve tried to meet a few people for coffee, but everyone is really scattered, it’s hard to find the time to get out and how to meet spiritual people.	0
My lady was dressed as Scarlett O' Hara .	She was dressed like Scarlett O'Hara.	0
please recommend me black metal and death metal bands , like fear factory or slipknot and etc. machine head slayers albums like `` god hates us all '' and `` diabulus musica . ''	Please recommend me black metal and death bands, such as the factory of fear or slipknot, etc. of the machine head albums such as “God hates us all” and “	0
It took them just ten years to do this to Dublin .	It took them ten years to get to Dublin.	0
If you think your kid is missing out on diversity , send him to africa or china or the middle east for a few months holiday .	If you think your child is missing diversity, send it to Africa or China or the Middle East for a few months of vacation.	3
I find that they dont share my views as some other buddies of mine would when it comes to White History and power .	I think they don’t share my views like some of my other friends would when it comes to History and White Power.	0
I remembered a really good one : Muenster , TX. - 95.7 % White - Zero negroids Muenster , Texas ( TX 76252 ) profile : population , maps , real estate , averages , homes , statistics , relocation , travel , jobs , hospitals , schools , crime , moving , houses , news This town figured out a name that would keep the blacks from moving in ; Cut and Shoot , Texas : 85.8 % White , Zero Negros .	I remember a really good one: Muenster, TX. - 95.7% White-Zero Black Muensters, Texas (TX 76252) Profiles: Population, Maps, Property, Average, Housing, Statistics, Directors, Travel, Work, Hospital, School, Crime, Moving, Home, News This town invented a name that keeps blacks from moving ; Cut and Shoot, Texas: 85.8% White, Zero Negros.	0
I was about to get on ya about using the word clip , until I realized you are talking about video clip .	I’m about to start using the word clips until I realize you’re talking about video clips.	0
Tell the school he called you white boy intentionally to piss you off so you threw one back at him .	Tell the school he calls you the white boy willingly hit you, so you throw one back to him.	0
ANU.ORG is the address read and enjoy !	ANU.ORG is an address to read and enjoy!	0
Greit at du er fornøyd med din Nasjonalitet , det er ikke dèt det er snakk om , så slapp av , kamerat !!	There is nothing that can be done for you, comrades!	2
I have two photos on my phone and I do n't know how to upload them at the moment .	I have two photos on my phone and I don't know how to upload them right now.	0
I do n't see any harm in teaching the classic thanksgiving story as long as you do n't do anything like I had to do in school when I was younger .	I can’t see any harm to teaching the classical thanksgiving stories as long as you don’t do what I was doing at school as young as I was.	0
We are ALL on the same bloddy side !	We are all on the same side of blood!	0
Full Story http://www.abqtrib.com/news/2006/mar...uring-traffic/http://www.abqtrib.com/news/2006/apr...ion-of-return/http://www.abqtrib.com/news/2006/apr...-us-officials/http://www.abqtrib.com/news/2006/apr...ted-on-murder/http://www.abqtrib.com/news/2007/aug ... -astorga-case/	Complete story http://www.abqtrib.com/news/2006/mar...uring-traffic/http:// www.abQtrib./News/2006 / April...ion-of-return/https://www..abqTrib.co.uk/news-2006/Apr...-us-officials/http/ www.avqtrip.com / News-2006 / Apr...ted-on-murder/http	0
I moved here so I 'm not `` out of the wood work '' .	I move here and 'do not get out of woodwork.'	0
-Yankee Jim	by Yankee JIM	0
Arab militias doubly so .	The number of Arab militants is double.	0
Do you have huge numbers of all the various turd to urine coloured rainbow of third worlders like many parts of Canada ?	Do you have a lot of different colored rainbows from Third World people, like many parts of Canada?	1
I used to beg my parents to let me wear a boy swimsuit .. trunks and topless when I was 3 or 4 years old .	When I was three or four years old, I begged my parents to wear boys swimsuits.	0
A complete rifle for $ 700 with premium parts is realistic if you shop around .	A complete $700 rifle with premium parts is realistic when shopping around.	0
Never Enough - YouTube FPV Hexakopter flight over the base village of Whitefish Mountain Ski Resort .	Never enough - YouTube FPV Hexakopter flies over the base village of the White Fish Mountain ski resort.	0
Of all people , the Germans have learned this lesson best , I think .	Of all the people, I think the Germans learned this lesson best.	0
Me thinks Genesis is a negro who thinks he 's from the line of Adam.A troll , confused , black and prowling Stormfront.So make the Revelation Genesis - what are you really up to ?	I think Genesis was a black man who thought he was from the line of Adam. a son, chaotic, black and confused before the storm.	1
As requested , here 's a link to the USA Today coverage of the mystery of the stinky suitcase .	As your request, here is a link to the smelly suitcase mystery of the U.S. Today cover.	0
Dude stink bomb this event , when it gets dark , chuck a bunch of them on the floor , different spots , when the chimps start jiving and grooving , they will step on them .	Dude bombed this event, when it becomes dark, choked a lot of them on the ground, different points, when the chimps begin to turn and turn, they will approach them	1
Yes the actions of a few ruin the image for the rest .	Yes, the actions of some destroy the image for others.	0
A mate from school started talking about this group .	A friend from school began to talk about this group.	0
Lets heal our nation and expose the enemy wherever he may be .	Let us heal our people and reveal our enemies wherever they are.	0
at least this is been reported , i wonder how many cases like this one happen in USA , England etc and are never reported !	At least this has been, I wonder how many examples have happened in the United States, England, and so on, and never!	0
Looks like asians have more balls than us gutless white people .	It seems that the Asian people have more balls than we, white people.	0
I read where they came in and killed all the livestock and had a feast , then 6 months later were starving .	I read where they went in, killed all the cattle, and held a feast, and then six months later they starved.	0
This is going to stir up a lot of yellow hatred for the hebrews .	This will arouse a lot of yellow hatred towards the Hebrews.	0
Good shape .	very good shape.	0
I put sports drinks in them on longer rides and keep water in the Camelback .	I put sports drinks on them on longer routes and keep the water on the Camelback.	0
I would much rather have either green or blue eyes which are exclusive to the White race .	I prefer having green eyes or blue eyes that are exclusive to the white race.	0
But one cannot deny that the greatest responsibility for this war goes to France and Great Britain , after all those are those two nations who have declared war in Germany ...	However, it cannot be denied that the greatest responsibility for this war lies with France and Britain, but after all, they are the two countries that have declared war on Germany.	0
Oh, you 'd better believe they do .	Oh, you’ll be better to believe that they’re doing it.	0
America: 25 percent of American students pass their geography America : 25 percent of American students pass their geography `` Speak for Change	The United States: 25% of American students pass their geography: 25% Americans pass their Geography	0
I miss Dr. Pierce very much !	I missed Dr. Pierce a lot!	0
Yeah, I saw that news segment about the mixed race couple who lost their home because of the mudslide .	Yes, I saw that segment of news about the mixed-race couple who lost their home due to mud slide.	1
( Prince of Bel Air , Moeisha , etc ... )	(The Prince of Bell Air, Moeisha, etc.)	0
You should be able to answer that yourself , you 've done it several times .	You should be able to reply that yourself, you've done it several times.	0
Exactly.	More specifically.	0
Mate if you were one of them you would n't be asking .	If you are one of them, you will not ask.	0
Look what white liberals have done .	Look at what the white liberals did.	3
No white person should ever be compared to a black and other useless races .	No white man should be compared to the black and other useless races.	1
I think it goes back even to the 18th century and thats why I call it modern because it is neither ancient nor medieval ...	I think it’s going back to the 18th century, and that’s why I call it modern, because it isn’t ancient or medieval...	0
Anyone remember the yamoto ? youtube : japanese battleship yamoto If they had enough oil to run the thing , they would have taken over the entire ocean .	Everybody remembers the "Yamoto" was the Japanese military battleship Yamoto, and if they had enough oil, they would have occupied the entire ocean.	0
But let me tell you , everywhere I go , it seems like at least half the people I see are n't White .	But let me tell you, wherever I go, it seems that at least half of the people I see are not white.	0
That 's telling worthless s.o.b.s like Cheney what they can do with their cheap words and crocodile tears .	It tells the unworthy people like Cheney what they can do with their cheap words and crocodile tears.	0
The word Jews was not even in old text Bibles .	The word Jew does not even appear in the old text of the Bible.	0
Black ``women''on London transport ...	Black 'women' on London transportation	1
Paul also has a daily radio program throughout the week on White Pride radio | The Voice of the White Resistance ! called ' The Fightin ' Side Of Me ' .	Paul also has a week-long radio program called “The Fightin’Side Of Me” on White Pride Radio.	0
We do not want to annhilate other races , we simply want to preserve our own .	We don’t want to undermine other races, we just want to preserve ourselves.	0
Are you talking about acting civilized or actual racial mixing ?	Are you talking about civilized behavior or real racial mixture?	0
There was nothing sectarian about my comments .	There is nothing sectarian in my comments.	0
A negro teacher forced a five year old white boy to stand in front of his class .	A Negro teacher forced a five-year-old white boy to stand before his class.	0
Ca n't wait until tomorrow !	Don't wait till tomorrow!	0
- YouTube Judge with PDX 1 ammo - YouTube Long barrel : 000 Buck is devestating .	YouTube Judge with PDX 1 ammunition - YouTube Long barrel: 000 Buck is devastating.	0
God, it is sickening to see these young lives taken by feral negroes .	God, it is very sad to see these young lives being taken away by the black people.	1
liberals hate fox news , obama hates fox news. they must be doing something at least a little bit less evil than the other stations .	Liberals hate Fox News, and Obama hates Fox News.They have to do at least a little less bad than other stations.	0
In several of your posts , you 've managed to show us that you 're not a white nationalist A white nationalist looks out for each others .	In some of your posts, you have successfully shown us that you are not a white nationalist.	0
Seems like Jewtube has been down for a few hours .	It seems as if Jewtube has been down for several hours.	0
Are there also serbs who have black hair as well ?	Are there people who also have black hair?	0
so they even IDOLIZE a convicted Pedophile and Murderer -- convicted in a public trial -- and established an organization to shield pedophiles and child killers from further scrutiny of American law	Thus, they idolize the committed pedophile and the murderer (accused in public trials) and protect pedophiles and child murder from further supervision of the American law.	0
Public school is no place for our children .	Public school is not a place for our kids.	0
Never date outside your race Someone on this site has it on their posts	Never date outside of your race somebody on this site has it in their posts	0
No instead we will pump whitey full of chemicals via the food chain to reduce their collective IQ down to the level of blacks .	Rather, we will be filled with chemicals throughout the food chain, lowering their group IQ to the level of blacks.	1
I feel dirty after just touching the railing on one of those things .	I just feel dirty when I touch the railing on one of those things.	3
Breastfeeding moms can throw the formula stuff away or give it to a shelter .	Breastfeeding mothers can throw the formula things away or give in a shelter.	0
Although we have slight variances in our position here I want to thank all the posters who have kept this thread civil .	While there are slight differences in our positions here, I want to thank all the posters of citizens who keep this line.	0
You mean like how there was no electricty or other public services except the post office and some roads during the Old Republic ?	You mean that during the Old Republic there was no electricity or other public service, except the postal office and some roads.	0
I am in favor of starting with the death penalty for all traitors which includes all racial traitors .	I’m in favor of starting with the death penalty for all traitors, including all racists.	0
I just made a visit to L.A. I have no words to describe the racial situation in this city .	I just visited L.A. There is no word to explain the racial situation in this city.	3
The thing is you may base your beliefs on claims and assertions , but nowadays Oxford University Professors tend to base their findings on many years of dedicated research .	The problem is that you can base your beliefs on claims and claims, but these days Oxford University professors have based their findings on years of dedicated research.	0
Little did the perpetrators know that I actually lived in the same block , and got a surprise when I knocked on their door and the guy who answered got a full bucket of water in the face , followed by the bucket itself !	The murderers did not realize that I was actually living in the same block, and when I knocked on their door, they were surprised and the person who answered filled a glass of water in his face, and then the pot itself.	0
The liberals are going to get their panties in a bunch , with people like you saying we must learn to defend ourselves .	Liberals will get a bunch of pants, and people like you say we have to learn to defend ourselves.	1
The guy in this is acting .	This man is acting.	0
I was doing a Computer Science degree , but really disliked it so I 've left .	I was doing a bachelor’s degree in Computer Science, but I really didn’t like it, so I left.	0
I like her dress she is so lovely and gorgeous .	I like her dress, she's so cute and beautiful.	0
When the populations are not seperated racial mixing occurs and that is genocide .	If the population is not separated, racial mixing occurs, and it is a massacre.	1
2. grades/age groups Whatever works 3. discipline tactics I do n't know .	2 grade / age group whatever works 3. training tactics I don't know.	0
You weather the zionist storm well , my brother .	You have endured the storm of Zion well, my brother.	1
This coming week , I will be sliding hundreds of these fliers under the windshield wipers of cars in the mall parking lots in the Houston area .	This week, I’m going to slide hundreds of these aircraft under the car curtains of a shopping park in the Houston area.	0
pm me or email me at boycottkosher@aol.com once i get enough money together ill be getting a car and ill be able to get to milwaukee quite easily .	Ask me or send me an email to boycottkosher@aol.com Once I got enough money and got a car and got sick to be able to reach milwaukee quite easily.	0
Best place for DNA test btw ? 23andme or ancestory ?	The best place for DNA testing? 23andme or ancestors?	0
Fox news reported last night that this beast was caught eating parts of this young man when the police got onto the bus to apprehend him !	Fox News last night that the beast was captured to eat the pieces of the young man when the police arrived in the bus to stop him.	1
Powerful video that shows how primitive these beasts are .	Powerful video which shows how primitive these animals are.	1
Thank you for sharing this website with us its really intrested and I learned something new and I like to learn .	Thank you for sharing this site with us and I am really interested and I like to learn and learn something new.	0
They just do their job as God has given them the light to perceive it .	They are just doing their work because God has given them the light to perceive it.	0
Then you are a traitor .	Then you're a traitor.	0
The biggest problem is new york.There are blacks all over the streets , when you 're in new york think you 're in nigeria .	The biggest problem is New York.When you are in New York, there is black on the whole street when you think you’re in Nigeria.	1
I do n't drink vodka but you sound like me but I am ten years older than you so it 's even worse .	I don’t drink vodka, but it sounds like me, but I’m ten years older than you, so it’s even worse.	0
At the resturant , the Pres. of Hamms orders a Hamms , the Pres. of Schlitz orders a Schlitz , the Pres. of Budweiser orders a Bud , and the Pres. of Guiness orders a cup of tea .	During the reconstruction, the chairman of Ham commanded Ham, the chief of Schlitz commanded Slitz, and the president of Budweiser commanded Buddha, and Guinness president also commanded a cup of tea.	0
When I saw this thread I was hoping she might actually go against the status quo and adopt a white baby So much for that theory !	When I see this line, I hope she will actually oppose the status quo and adopt a white baby for the theory!	0
Simply put , they are AT LEAST 100,000 years behind evolved creatures on the evolutionary scale with no hope of ever progressing .	Simply to say, they are just 100,000 years behind evolutionary creatures on the evolutionary scale, without the hope that they will never evolve.	1
It worked for the one lesson she was there anyway .	This is the only lesson she has done.	0
I 'm sure I would have done great in public school if the Mexican gang members stopped kicking my * * * long enough for me to get my homework done ...	If a member of a Mexican gang had stopped beating me long enough to finish my homework, I would have done a great thing in a public school.	1
We 've got big plans for our country .	We have great plans for our country.	0
uh the thread is about how i am never going to find a guy because i am way too picky lol	Oh the topic is about how I’ll never find a guy because I’m too picky lol	0
Or a Ukraine for that matter .	Ukraine, for that reason.	0
http://youtube.com/watch ? v = gdYJjU-Nx6E The maker of this video may be Jewish , not sure , he has a big kosher-lookin nose .	http://youtube.com/watch? v = gdYJjU-Nx6E The creator of this video can be Jewish, not sure, he has a big cosher-lookin nose.	1
Hi all , never posted in here before but ive been on sf for ages. live near london - but thinking about relocating up north ( i cant imagine why lol )	Hi everybody, I’ve never posted here before but I have been on sf for years. live near London – but thinking about moving north (I can’t imagine why)	0
Hilarious bit of irony there , seeing as many whites had blacks do all the hard stuff for them for the first hundred years of the US or so , for FREE .	There is a ridiculous irony there and many whites see black people doing all the hard for them for free during the first 100 years of America.	0
Too bad it 's coming form one of the biggest liars of the war .	So badly, it becomes one of the greatest liars of war.	0
Maybe try a badger instead ?	Maybe you should try a badger.	0
One guy 's face is clearly shown at the end , and the coon in the suit is a well-know football player according to this article .	The face of a man is clearly shown at the end, and the coon in the dress is a well-known footballer after this article.	0
We have a new line of shirts comming out to help keep the funds comming in for the land base .	We have a new shirt line that helps to keep funding for the ground base.	0
What's the non-White demographic % in London ?	What is the non-white percentage of the population in London?	0
We can turn the cold useless parts of Canada into a dumping ground for Jews and arm the Indians to keep them in line .	We can turn the cold and useless part of Canada into a dumping place for the Jews, we can arm the Indians and destroy them.	1
Normally , 110,000 to 125,000 new stores open per year .	Normally, between 110,000 and 125,000 new stores are opened each year.	0
P.S. - poster above me is just a damn unsuccessful troll	P.S. - The poster above me is just an unpredictable troll.	0
Old Bible scholars beleive the Bible was written by White Germanic people .	Ancient Bible scientists understand that the Bible was written by the white German people.	0
What color hair looks best ? the one in the middle is the natural color ... but i like to color it because in the summer it turns a weird color that isnt very pretty ...	What color hair looks best? in the middle is the natural color...but in the summer I like to color it because it turns into a strange color that is not very beautiful...	0
I have a dominant personality and I look for the same thing in girls .	I have a dominant personality, and I’m looking for the same in girls.	0
Cowards .	The cowards.	0
I guess they would not want to offend an ape .	I don’t want to insult a monkey.	1
I thought Bono and Clooney were picking up the tab for Africa ??	Did I think Bono and Clooney are taking a tab for Africa?	0
Without us they would still be living in mud huts with sharpened sticks .	Without us, they would still have lived in mud caves with sharp feathers.	1
I need to dust these off and get them back in my work out routine ... it gives you a feeling of purpose to do these , it helps you connect and relate to the folks they 're named in honor of .	I need to wash them and bring them back into my work routine... it gives you a sense of purpose to do them, it helps you connect and get closer to people they are named in honor.	0
But you get alot of American White nationalists or Nazis claiming to want all non-White descendants out of America but America is not a native White continent or country .	But while American white nationalists and Nazis claim to want to drive out all non-white descendants from America, America is not a white continent or country.	0
Free diaper bag , changing pad , formula samples/coupons , and other nice stuff .	Free diaper bag, box change, formula/coupons samples, and other pleasant things.	0
That quote Trotski made proves nothing .	This quote by Trotsky does not prove anything.	0
Wow!	Wow wow!	0
I told him how to go and then said , you ar n't from around here , are ya ? lol	I told him how to go, and then I said, you’re not from here, right? lol	0
It was carried to Ireland by English Invaders who came to where they were n't wanted to steal Irish land and Irish lives .	It was brought to Ireland by British invaders, who came to places where they did not want to steal the land of Ireland and the life of Ireland.	0
It looks like everyone got haircuts at the door except you and your friend .	It seems that everyone has hair at the door, except you and your friends.	0
It's not just whites that are worried about it , it 's going to be a real disaster for the country as it slips into poverty .	It’s not just the white people who worry about it, it will be a real catastrophe for the country, as it falls into poverty.	0
I 'm lame , I know , but just thought I could get that all out in one setting , 88 ! 2508	I'm sad, I know, but I just thought I could get all of it in one condition, 88! 2508	0
As I commented a few days ago on this thread , massive race ( or ethnic ) mixing tends to preceed massive race ( or ethnic ) war .	As I commented on this topic a few days ago, massive racial (or racial) mixtures tend to precede massive human racial(or ethnic) wars.	1
Boy, those same blacks get awful mad when you have a sign saying `` No to a black Africa '' , then it becomes wrong .	Boy, when the same black people are terribly crazy, you have a sign saying 'No' to black Africa	1
Today just add the Muslims whom they place just about everywhere .	Today, they only add Muslims that are placed almost everywhere.	0
From another sight I had to pay $ 5 so they could ship ( 2 ) AR-15 detents , combined they weigh less than an ounce , a .44c stamp might have been plenty .	From another perspective, I had to pay $5 so that they could transport (2) the AR-15 holders, combined with their weights of less than 1 ounce, a 44c stamp may have been enough.	0
I work downtown Montreal but live off the island out in the country .	I work in the centre of Montreal but live outside the island.	0
Been on blood and honour and think radio 28 is great	To be on blood and honor, and to think that Radio 28 is great.	0
I joined the Marines .	I went to the Marines.	0
No, like i said , your rule changes would destroy the sport .	No, as I said, your change of rules will destroy the sport.	0
yes it is dying down the only way we could beat our problem is by voting for BNP in the next election	Yes, it’s dying, and the only way we can beat our problems is to vote for BNP in the next election.	0
Blut und Ehre !	Blood and Ehre.	2
I like to listen to this preacher , but why do black prreachers always have to scream .	I love listening to this preacher, but why do black preachers always scream.	1
When a race no longer has the will to protect its women then it 's well on the way to extinction .	When a race has no longer the will to protect its women then it's well on its way to extinction.	0
Hi its great to hear from all of u .	Hi, it is great to hear from you all.	0
88 all , this is my first post and i 've read this whole thread so i guess I have a few comment 's , let 's start , shall we ?	88 all, this is my first post and I’ve read all this thread so I think I have some comments, let’s start, right?	0
And they are just growing in numbers , this is probably gonna happen all over europe	They are just increasing in numbers, which is likely to happen across Europe.	0
JAPs are a total hoot , each the center of the universe , loud , brash , vain , arrogant . . .	JAPs are a whole line, each of which is the center of the universe, loud, impatient, and arrogant.	1
Ca n't have that .	I do not have this.	0
In Search Of The First Civilizations : Amazon.co.uk : Michael Wood : Books In Search Of The First Civilizations : Amazon.co.uk : Michael Wood : Books	Michael Wood: Books In Search of the First Civilizations: Amazon.co.uk: Michael Wood	0
I guess we will never know until we try , we may surprise ourselfs !	I suppose we will never know until we try, we will be able to surprise ourself	0
Children from middle schools and high schools across Massachusetts on May 9 attended a Youth Pride Day event ending with a prom inside of Boston City Hall sponsored by the Boston Alliance of Gay , Lesbian , Bisexual , Transgender Youth , or BAGLY , a group seated on the Massachusetts Commission for GLBT Youth ..	High school and high school children from Massachusetts took part in a Youth Pride Day event on May 9, which ended with a playground inside the Boston City Hall, sponsored by the Boston Gay, Gay, Bisexual, Transgender Youth Alliance or BAGLY, a group located in Boston.	0
The people who can stop it are the ones who pay their wages .	Those who can stop it are those who pay their salaries.	0
I dont watch TV other than to watch sport ( Rugby , Soccer and CVricket ) and occasionally a movie , i 'd probally watct more than 5 hours a week though !	I don’t see television but I see sports (Rugby, Soccer and CVricket) and from time to time a movie, I probably see more than 5 hours a week though!	0
Main Entry : epis · tro · phe Pronunciation : i- ' pis-tr & - ( " ) fE Function : noun Etymology : Greek epistrophE , literally , turning about , from epi - + strophE turning -- more at STROPHE : repetition of a word or expression at the end of successive phrases , clauses , sentences , or verses especially for rhetorical or poetic effect ( as Lincoln 's `` of the people , by the people , for the people '' ) -- compare ANAPHORA	Main article : epis · tro · phe Pronunciation : i-'pis-tr & - ( " ) fE Function : sentence Grammar : Greek epistrophE, literally, turn, from epi - + strophE turn - more in STROPHE : Repeat a phrase or expression at the end of a sequential sentence, sentence or verse, especially for speech or poetic effects (such as Lincoln's "People, by People, for People") - compare ANAPHORA	0
I think they are going to have to do a better job of trying to show where the ' bias ' is in these SAT 's .	I think they’ll have to do a better job to try to show where the ‘bias’ is on these SATs.	0
Of course ATT had to make the one blond boy look stupid .	Of course, ATT had to make one of the blondes look stupid.	0
Keep em on the phone long enough , disagree a little .	Staying long enough on the phone, I disagree a bit.	0
http://whale.to/c/jeff_gates1.html Here 's what I mean when currently WN have to operate under Moscow Rules .	http://whale.to/c/jeff_gates1.html Here I mean when the current WN must operate under the Moscow rules.	0
I kid you not there is not one white man , among tens of foreigners , all stressing great the work place pensions programme is .	While there is no one white among dozens of foreigners, the workplace pension program is highly emphasized.	3
I would' nt even consider these knackers/pykies as Irish as they have no respect for their race or loyalty to Ireland and should be put down like the dogs they are .	I’t even consider them Irish because they have no respect for their race or their loyalty to Ireland, and they should be abandoned like dogs.	1
Dids dey colononialize da new erffs ?	Do you want to colonize the new erffs?	0
When I started learning about Hitler in school and I was possessed with trying to find out if I was Aryan .	When I started learning about Hitler at school and I had myself with the attempt to find out if I was Aryan.	0
Cool, Texas is good .	Well, Texas is very good.	0
thank you both of you !!!!!! maybe if i would have put on my glasses i would have found it before .... tee hee !!!	Thank you both!!!!!! Maybe if I had put my glasses in, I would have discovered it before.	0
Unfortunately , there are some poor White families where both parents work .	Unfortunately, there are poor white families with both parents working.	0
Sinners of the past did including your own people who sold you like cattle .	The faithful of the past have included your own people who have sold you as animals.	0
Anyway ... they do n't look similar at all between Samis and Finns .	In any case...they are not at all similar between Samis and the Finns.	0
Well it 's not exactly a pic , but check out my new avatar !	Well, it’s not exactly a pic, but look at my new Avatar!	0
It is our ( White ) language , just like French is our language even though millions of negroes in Africa speak it .	It’s our (white) language, just as French is our language, although millions of Africans speak it.	0
About 8 years ago , I scored much higher on other types of tests .	About 8 years ago, I had a much higher score on other types of tests.	0
This thread was started in July are you feeling better now ?	It started in July, do you feel better now?	0
If he is that is even worse , the race traitor should be hung	If he is worse than that, the racial traitor must be hanged.	3
Zip it up into one big file and share it on Gnotella as a new movie .	Insert it into a big file and share it in Gnotella as a new film.	0
Seemed to work well on the Indians and Australian aborigines .	It seems to work well with Indians and Native Australians.	0
Learn how to swim !!! 2 .	Find out how to swim!!!	0
i will try to post accurate pictures of those people who have familiar faces among our nation and stop posting a female and male photo models .	I will try to publish accurate photos of those who have familiar faces in our country and stop publishing women and men’s photo models.	0
Watch the Pass it On Honesty commercial where a kid returns a purse | Values.com White kid `` suspiciously '' returns black lady 's purse , white cops reward him with donuts	A white boy returns suspiciously to a black woman’s wallet and the white police reward him with donuts.	0
Those solar lawn lights , you know whats inside that charges during the day so they run at night double a batteries .	These solar lights know what is inside to charge during the day, so they double the battery during the night.	0
Cool, but he is short with his draw , and the draw weight looks light too .	It was cool, but he was short with his gravity, and the gravity weight also looked light.	0
Anyone white person would if they knew the truth .	Every white man would know the truth.	0
http://www.newnation.vg/forums/showthread.php?p=325910 Coach Accused Of Fondling Student Student 's Mother Alerts Deputies After Finding Note POSTED : Monday , March 8 , 2010 UPDATED : 9 : 42 am EST March 9 , 2010 * * * Pedophile Alert * * * Robert Bennett. http://www.clickorlando.com/educatio...82/detail.html	http://www.newnation.vg/forums/showthread.php?p=325910 Coach accused of undermining a student mother's warning representative posted after finding notes : Monday, March 8, 2010 Update : 9:42 AM EST March 9, 2010 * * * Teen Warning * * Robert Bennett. http:// www.clickorlando.com/educatio...82/detail.html	0
Two weeks before raping and killing Holly , he raped a college student .	Two weeks before the rape and murder of Holly, he raped a college student.	0
She 's never had a lesson !	She never got a lesson.	0
I have a suggestion for distribution of your collection .	I have an offer to distribute your collection.	0
Not the best round by any means , but 2 or 3 50 grain Pyrodex pellets over 5 grains of FFFg 777 and a #11 cap gets the job done .	It’s not the best round in any way, but two or 350 grain pyrodex pellets with a #11 cap with five pieces of FFFg 777 will do the job.	0
Older folks are more interesting and have so much to offer .	Older people are more interesting and have a lot to offer.	0
Ignore the genocide on Serbs , turn your back on your own people .	Ignore the genocide against the Serbs, turn your back to your own people.	0
It's quite clear you have no argument so you 're now trying to get me to bite with your Jewish nonsense .	It’s pretty clear that you don’t have an argument, so you’re trying to bite me with your Jewish nonsense now.	0
I got nothing against the Slavs , just we are NOT slavs .	I have nothing against slaves, only that we are not slaves.	0
Although I have English and Germans in my family as well .	My family also has English and German.	0
Male or female .	Female or male.	0
Lay her off and cart her back to India where she can poop in the Ganges river next to her dead grand parents .	Let her go out and take her to India where she can dive into the Ganges River near her dead grandparents.	1
Yes it 's sad one minute they 're `` racist '' then they 're shacked up with an Asian sunshine girl or a sheboon .	Yes, it’s sad for a minute that they’re “racists” and then are trapped with an Asian girl of the sun or a sheboon.	0
Little kids all decked out in their costumes .	All the children dressed in their clothes.	0
Slidesong : Bob Rivers Comedy Corp - The Twelve Pains of Christmas - YouTube Do n't miss the 8th day of Christmas at around 1 : 40	Slidesong : Bob Rivers Comedy Corp - The Twelve Christmas Pains - YouTube Don't Miss the 8th Christmas Day around 1:40	0
They way my mom found out was by my Negro loving sister and my sister found out because a black racist bus driver started to call my sister and her friends racial names so I said I would get some of my friends and we would go on that bus to ``make a statement`` and she told .	The way my mother found it was found by my black-love sister and my sister, as a black-racial bus driver began calling my sisters and her friends racial names, so I said I’d get some of my friends and we’d go to the bus “do a statement,” she said.	0
I think it 's quite ironic that they want to ban the burkha when they look like they are dressed in them themselves .	I think it’s pretty ironic that they want to ban burkas when they look like they’re wearing them.	0
It scared him off & I 'm sure he got a few pellets burrowed in him .	It frightened him, and I was sure he had a few particles buried within him.	0
No, I 've been homeschooling for years .	No, I’ve been doing home schooling for years.	0
To hell with what this creature thinks anyway .	Anyway, this creature will go to hell with what you think.	1
If you ever hear of something like this in Northern climes , I am very interested .	If you’ve ever heard of this in the northern climate, I’m very interested.	0
First off I would laugh so hard I 'd turn blue .	At first I laughed so much that I turned blue.	0
Makes finding good employment a bit tougher than it should be .	Finding a good job is a little more difficult than it should be.	0
Predator Xtreme , August 2015	Predators Xtreme, August 2015	0
Y' all git your happy ass down here !!!	Y'all go your happy ass down!	0
Bach did not introduce new forms but he enriched the prevailing German style with a robust contrapuntal technique , an unrivaled control of harmonic and motivic organization , and the adaptation of rhythms , forms and textures from abroad , particularly from Italy and France .	Although Bach did not introduce new forms, he enriched the dominant style of Germany with powerful counter-pointing techniques, unparalleled control of harmonious and dynamic organizations, and adaptations of rhythms, forms and texture, especially from Italy and France.	0
Translated : Worthless talk ?	Translation: Wordless speech.	0
- Topix	Tobias	0
Great.	very good.	0
Absolutely.	and absolute.	0
There are few if any Blacks .	If there are not many blacks, there will be little.	0
I look forward to meeting more like minded people next Friday !	I hope to meet more people next Friday!	0
These figures show that no one now could just talk about the need to restrict non-white immigration ( as the current government does ) ; large-scale repatriation of non-whites is absolutely essential .	These figures show that now no one can just talk about the need to limit non-white immigrants (as the current government does); the mass return of non-White is absolutely necessary.	1
More info in the Ethnic Crime Report .	More information in the report on ethnic crime.	0
Going to sign `` Through Innocent Eyes '' right now and mail it to you first thing tomorrow morning !	Go now to sign ‘Through the innocent eyes’ and send it to you for the first time tomorrow morning!	0
Its not scarey at all anymore .	It is no longer scary.	0
I'm not trying to insult you or anything .	I am not trying to offend you or anything.	0
Ireland is a strange place for ethnics as there is no pakis But there main ethnic problem is Chinese and Africans Did not see much race mixing among men when I was over last time	Ireland is a strange place for ethnic people as there is no Pakis, but there is a major ethnic problem Chinese and African I have not seen that many races mixed among men	0
Truly disgusting	Really disgraceful	3
Here , chew on this : Violence mars May Day rally in Seattle They just come here `` seeking a better life ( hand-out ) '' ..........	Here, learn more about this: Violent March in May in Seattle they just came here "to find a better life ( take your hand out)	0
Now I watch no TV at all .	Now I do not watch television at all.	0
Change the language of your keyboard setting in your Control Panel under the Regional Optional and Langauges theme. or . . .	Change the language of the keyboard settings in the Control Panel, under Regional Options and Language Theme.	0
Could a Norwegian poster give us Non Norwegains a quick run through of the likely or possible turnout of the Election .	A Norwegian poster could give us non-Norwegians a quick insight into the possible or possible participation in the election.	0
Stupidity is it 's own punishment .	Foolishness is its own punishment.	0
From there , just click on `` pictures '' and wait for them to load .	From there, simply click on "Images" and wait until they are loaded.	0
Guess who picked Canada 's first batch of refugees from Turkey ?	Do you know who received the first refugees from Turkey in Canada?	0
Hello Direland2006 and welcome to SF .	Hi, Direland 2006, welcome to SF.	0
Over my dead body am I ever going to apologize for somethign happened in the past that I had no control over and my family was n't even in this country during that time .	For my dead body I will apologize for what has happened in the past, and I could not control it, and my family was not in this country during that time.	0
That's easily solved .	This is easily resolved.	0
They neglect to mention that Jared also ran about 30 miles a day ...	They forget to mention that Jared also ran around 30 miles a day.	0
`` Made to Dream '' ( The final note of this song is incredible. )	"Made to Dream" (The final song of this song is amazing.)	0
I'd like to see the videos and pictures .	I would like to look at the videos and pictures.	0
BLACK Man MURDERS 15 Year Old WHITE GIRL In Her BEDROOM - YouTube ZAKESHIA CAUGHT IT ON TAPE - YouTube Young white girl killed by black man she met online - YouTube http://www.youtube.com/watch ? v = fQPaZvlq4xQ & feature = endscreen & NR = 1 Ashley Taylor talks of being attacked on live TV - YouTube	Black Man Kills 15-Year-Old White Girl In Her Bedroom - YouTube ZAKESHIA CAUGHT IT ON TAPE - YouTube Young White Woman Killed By Black Man She Met Online - YouTube http://www.youtube.com/watch? v = fQPaZvlq4xQ & Function = End Screen & NR = 1 Ashley Taylor Live TV	0
Look at Chechnya .	Look for Chechnya.	0
LOL	by loll	0
The one thing the enemy does n't want is a motivated and unifed white world wide network that is both rich in money and ideas .	The only thing the enemy does not want is a motivated and unified global network, rich in money and ideas.	0
Gotta represent my coconuts and mangos yo !!	Gotta represents my coconut nuts and mango yo!!	1
hello all , I was wondering , what does the tripple 7 flag stand for ?	Hello everyone, I wondered what is the flag of the Tripple 7?	0
Black metal fan , eyh ? = o ) The fight against god and christ has begun Forever we will remember those that lived under the hammer of our hoards Forever is the war against those of the light , untill they meet the face of death , the cold of death A winter of cold shall come to freese the blood of the christians Our crusade has begun and every step is a stake through christs heart We burn gods children on the bonfire We burn the house of god The age of darkness shall cover the sun The gate of pearls will be crushed And each thorn in his skull , every nail in his body Souls born under the mighty throne of death We march our deathskull rally to the land of death and endless plains When the crusaders dangle , and the spirit of christ is dead When the moon shines pale and lonely , the sounds of a death march will be heard Gone were those of gods earth , behind a dark cloud , the moon so crude and col Song is the last note of a grave song	Black metal fans, oh? = o) the struggle against God and Christ has begun forever we will remember those who live under the shadow of our cave forever the souls of war and light until they encounter the face of death, the cold of death the cold winter will release the blood of Christians, our cross has started, every step is through the heart of Christ we burn the children of God on the fire we burns the house of God the dark age will cover the sun the door of the pearl will be broken every shadow in his shadow, every nail in his body the soul born under the powerful throne of death We go our dead vagina to the earth of death and the endless destruction and the death soul will be heard by the last shadow and the moon will be seen by the sun.	0
It reminded me of a bar-room shootout in old Westerns .	It reminds me of a bar room shooting in the Old West.	0
Yeah it was the same way when I was going to school in Calgary. the problem is they have like 8 kids where we only have about 1-2 children usually .	Yes, it was the same way when I went to school in Calgary.The problem is that they have eight children.We usually have 1-2 children.	0
Have a look on the internet and you can see for yourself .	You can look at the internet and see it yourself.	0
I got so sick and tired of all these idiots who think Jacob Zuma is the problem that I decided to hold up a mirror instead .	I was so sick and tired from all the fools who thought Jacob Zuma was a problem, so I would take a mirror instead.	0
Do n't matter who you follow or supporter etc it is for white nationalists !	It doesn’t matter who you follow or who you support, etc. It’s for the white nationalists!	0
What a cowardly cretin he is .	How stupid he is.	0
I could go on for hours pointing out your wigger flaws but im not even gonna waste my time .	I can point out your shortcomings and continue for hours, but I will not waste my time.	0
I had to start a new thread seeing as this thread was no longer functioning properly .	I had to start a new tape because this track was no longer working properly.	0
Check out the small northern Ontario Towns , Holtyre , Ramore , King Kirkland , Englehart , Black River ... saw one nonwhite in 5 years ( not counting the occasional native ) .	Look at the small towns of Ontario in the north, Hortil, Lamore, King Kirkland, Engelhart, Black River... in five years to see a non-white (excluding occasional indigenous people).	0
Often they have rosy cheeks as well .	They also often have red eyes.	0
They are anything but Swedes and to be honest it is good to get rid of them .	They are anything other than the Swedish, and honestly, it’s good to get rid of them.	1
Interesting article about what to do with these evil persons who keep telling the truth and who don ´ t want to surrender ( in Danish )	Interesting articles on how to deal with the evil ones who are constantly telling the truth and don’t want to surrender (in Danish)	1
Whitefish, Montana - YouTube Gopro Whitefish MT - YouTube Going to Hungry Horse Dam - Montana 2011 - YouTube Blacktail Mt Snow Day - YouTube Endless Skijoring in Swan Valley - YouTube East Glacier , MT to Hungry Horse , MT along Route 2 at sunset !!!	White Fish, Montana - YouTube Gopro White Fish MT - YouTube Going to Hungry Horse Dam - Montana 2011 - YouTube Blacktail Mt Snow Day - YouTube Endless Skiing in the Swan Valley - YouTube Eastern Glacier, MT to the hungry horse, MT along the route 2 sunset!!!	0
The non white homelands have so much trash and crime in them that non whites mainly choose to stay away .	The non-white homeland has so much rubbish and crime that the main choice of non-Whites is to stay away.	1
I plan on making a trip to Kalispell in early August .	I plan to make a trip to Kalispell at the beginning of August.	0
It is disgraceful to treat a sick lady like they are doing .	It is a shame to treat the sick women as they do.	0
I have several Ruger revolvers in .357 ( including my carry gun ) and I thought I 'd try something new .	I have several Ruger en.357 revolvers (including my port gun) and I thought I was going to try something new.	0
Without knowing it yourself , you have judged me .	Without you knowing it, you judged me.	0
I want to homeschool until high school age and then have them go to a high school like I went to : small , rural area with excellent teachers and curriculum .	I wanted to study at home school until high school, and then let them go to the high school where I went like that: a small rural area with excellent teachers and curricula.	0
If you 're White you 're instantly a racist no matter what you do or say .	If you are white, you are immediately racist, no matter what you say.	0
Here is a synosis I just found on google : There is much more to this as I hope to show when my package arrives .	Here’s the synopsis I discovered on Google: There’s a lot more than I’d like to show when the package arrives.	0
I was just debating with myself whether I should go to bed or have one last beer ...	I was debating with myself whether to go to bed or drink my last beer.	0
I suppose it is okay for everyone else to call me anything they want .	I think it’s okay that everyone else calls me what they want.	0
Check out this youtube channel i found , i agree with most of what he says Diversity DESTROYS Social Cohesion in the West - YouTube	Looking at this YouTube channel I found that I agree with most of the things he said Diversity undermines Western social cohesion - YouTube	1
You 'd want to stay on Earth for eternity , it would have been that good .	You would want to stay on Earth forever, that would be so good.	0
It was uncomfortable .	It was very uncomfortable.	0
White History month will turn some heads .	White History Month is turning some heads.	0
You love pulling things out of your ass do n't you .	You don’t like to pull things out of your ass.	0
Does somebody know ?	Did anyone know?	0
Exactly, I stand alone here .	Actually, I am standing alone here.	0
A good old bit of nostalgia from the days when there was hardly a blade of grass or a coon on the pitch .	A good old point of remembrance, and since then, there have been hardly any grass or leaves on the pitch.	1
Scary Bus Shooting Caught On Tape : Philly Bus Stopped , Rear Door Opened And Gunman Opened Fire !	A colorful bus shooter was caught on the tape: the Phillip bus stopped, the back door opened and the shooter opened fire!	0
If you ever want to just talk to a White activist that is n't a skin , just PM me or AOL : NeoBioCP3 Regards , Kyle	If ever you just want to talk to a white activist who is not a skin, just send me a message or AOL: NeoBioCP3 Regards, Kyle	0
Sooner or later the black one will say `` mother * * * * er '' or `` madick '' .	Sooner or later, the black will say “mother * * er” or “madick”.	1
I live in CT. and if you want to reply , my email address is bclaw23@hotmail.com ~ EuroCatB ~	I live in CT. and if you want to reply, my e-mail address is bclaw23@hotmail.com ~ EuroCatB~	0
STDs have nothing to do with the morality and the genetics .	STDs do not have anything to do with morality and genetics.	0
I put my hand up and said `` Respectfully , my 9 year old nephew using primary school mathematics and tell you this is totally impossible '' .	I raised my hand and said, “Respectfully, my nine-year-old nephew uses elementary school math and says this is completely impossible.”	0
God I hate Canada !	We hate Canada!	0
A good window or floor fan does the job of white noise much better than a TV .	A good window or floor fan does the work of white noise a lot better than a TV.	0
Nobody , but nobody , has parts for 1920s Basque made Colt-S & W hybrids .	No one, no one, has the 1920s basque-made Colt S&W hybrid parts.	0
It where loads of them when I was in Thailand , Thaiguys running up from the water screaming `` Tsunami tsunami !! '' and behind them is a one foot wave	It’s where many of them were when I was in Thailand, and the Thai people jumped out of the water and shouted “Tsunami tsunami!!” and behind them was a one-foot wave.	0
They all look nonwhite , look closer .	Everyone looks white, look closer.	0
Who thinks White People should marry White People and only White People ?	Who thinks white men should be married to white men and only white men?	3
I went back and found the link to the video and TRIED to watch it but it was too wordy and very NOT convincing .	I came back and found the link to the video and tried to see it but it was not too hard and very convincing.	0
I THANK ALL OF YOU VERY MUCH	I am very grateful to you all.	0
that is absolutely * * * * ing unbelievable.they can just go route one now.no more messing about going through europe.in bongo land one minute jump on the plane and 5 hours later hop off the plane with the biggest negro smile and shout ASYLUM.i am totally depressed hearing this	In Bongo land one minute jump on the plane and 5 hours later hop off the plane with the biggest negro smile and scream ASYLUM.I am totally depressed hearing this	1
In fact my experience as a mom who has kids both in public school and kids who are homeschooled is that my homeschooled kids get more chances to be socialized .	In fact, my experience as a mother who has children both in public schools and in primary schools is that there is an increased chance that my home-scraped children will be socialized.	0
Have you looked at a fashion magazine lately ??	Have you seen a fashion magazine recently?	0
They would be better off just sitting out in the sun eating a dirt sundae .	They’d better just sit down in the sun and eat a dirty sundae.	1
Spectators ran onto the field and began beating the protesters . '	The spectators ran on the ground and began to beat the protesters.”	0
Lodgers ? )	The Lodges?	0
We have a little piece of legislation called the Prohibition of Foreign Military Assistance Act This prohibits mercs from operating in South Africa. on pain of five years of hell in a kaffer jail .	We have a small piece of law called the Foreign Military Aid Prohibition Act which prohibits Mercs from operating in South Africa.	1
Sad thing is white nationalists DO judge Negroes by the content of the character .	What is sad is that white nationalists judge blacks by the content of their character.	0
A simple lack of judgement caused this .	A mere lack of judgment caused that.	0
And one of thing I like in football , among football fans many white patriots Right wing ultras RUS - YouTube	One thing I like about football is that there are a lot of white patriots right-wing super-Russia among football fans - YouTube	0
The oldest Belgrade restaurant , built in 1823 as a property of Knez Miloš Obrenovic ..	The oldest restaurant in Belgrade was built in 1823 as the property of Knez Miloš Obrenovic.	0
Nobody knows what is right for you except you .	No one knows what’s right for you except for you.	0
The word nationalism to this day doesnt have a watertight definition however this is what I think it should mean in this context : White nationalism is the belief that the white race must obtain a country for only members of their race to reside in , for the purpose of preserving their race 's existence as a biological category and as well as their races culture .	Until today, the word nationalism has no simple definition, but I think this should mean in this context: White nationalism is the belief that the white race should get a country in which only members of its race can inhabit, in order to preserve racial existence and racial culture as a biological category.	0
They will kill there own just as fast as they would kill there enemy .	They kill their own as quickly as they kill the enemy there.	1
It is an extremely cruel act against the poor Vodka-bottle forcing it to spend it 's time forever close to a jew .	It is an extremely cruel act against the poor bottle of vodka that forces him to spend his time with a Jew forever.	1
It 's summer and I have a lot of time on my hands with a work break .	It’s been summer, and I have a lot of time in my hands with work break.	0
So the government will keep me in track suits , vodka , and ' my first loot kits ' for my brood .	So the government keeps me in the suit for bread, vodka, and “my first robbery kit.”	3
That might explain the 17 year old angle .	This could explain the 17-year-old angle.	0
I hope they find him .	I hope you can find him.	0
It looks like White culture , something we have lost down here in Texas .	It looks like white culture, which is what we lost in Texas.	0
there you go defending the jews again .	There, you are going to defend the Jews again.	0
Congratulations ! "	congratulations! »	0
I would say bro since no one responded thats not a good sign hehehe Talk to you soon and I hope your brother is doing good !	I’m going to say that it’s not a good sign, because nobody has answered, that’s brother, hehehe I’ll talk to you soon and I know your brother is doing well.	0
Is it legal for him to talk about his sexuality in front of his students ?	Is it legal for him to speak about his sexuality before his students?	0
Chicago passed New York as America 's murder capital in 2012 despite the Windy City only having a third of the Big Apple 's population .	Chicago passed to New York as the capital of the U.S. assassinations in 2012 although the city of Windy only has a third of the population of Big Apple.	0
I believe it started to become cooler not long after they arrived but the Nordic settlement was in fact expanding ( to the north ) until they encountered the Inuits .	I believe that soon after they arrived they began to get cold, but the northern settlements were actually expanding (to the North) until they met the Inuans.	0
Our ancestors didnt walk around bald so why should you ...	Our ancestors did not walk around, so why did you...	0
What are the odds that flags will be ordered at half staff for this communist Negro terrorist , in the United States ?	What is the probability that half of the staff will order a flag for this communist black terrorist in the United States?	0
Over the years , he succeeded in Verl , where he has lived since his marriage under the name Marco B. , maintain a bourgeois facade .	Over the years, he has succeeded in Verla, and since his marriage has lived under the name of Marco B,ining the bourgeois facade.	0
YouTube - Black kid sets teacher on fire .	YouTube - A black boy burned his teacher.	0
Nor have I , I live in BC at the moment ; and had lived in Alberta for most of my life .	Nor am I, I now live in BC; I have lived in Alberta most of my life.	0
In August , I will be driving up a completely different way .	In August, I’m going to drive in a completely different way.	0
I do n't know if this is the case of the Seal but I like to believe that one day there will be no want or need to slaughter animals on a large scale like we currently do .	I don’t know if this is the case, but I like to believe that someday we won’t have to kill animals on a massive scale as we do now.	0
I do n't think anyone is insinuating that we are equal to non whites , or that we would ignore white nations .	I don’t think anyone suggests that we are equal to non-white people, or that we’re going to ignore a white nation.	0
Those visionary and responsible negroes ...	The wise and responsible black people...	1
Och nu har jag ocksa forlorad min Svensk Medborgarskap och far inte har en nya Passport !	He lost his Swedish citizenship and has no new passport.	2
This place looks like the interior needs a little finishing , and appears to be built by a survivalist .	The place looks like it needs a little more decoration inside, and seems to have been built by a survivor.	0
I like the Japanese , i really do .	I love the Japanese, really do.	0
The tone of voice is actually a lot like icelandic or old norse .	The tone of the voice is actually similar to Icelandic and ancient Norwegian.	0
I'd rule as a black government but would keep the whites around just to keep the place running smooth and efficient .	I will rule as a black government, but I will have white people around just to make the place run smoothly and efficiently.	0
I 'll pm you a chapter from the Hitler Youth Handbook .	I'm going to send you a chapter of Hitler's Youth Manual.	0
Its a huge country with each tribe and religion having their own province .	It is an enormous country with every tribe and religion having its own province.	0
It was kind of disturbing .	It was a kind of annoyance.	0
There have been court cases for asylum by white South Africans in Canada that the South African government has spent millions fighting ... though they have not spent a cent on the 300 asylum applications by blacks in the US ...	In Canada, the South African government has spent millions of dollars seeking asylum from white South Africans in the fight, despite not spending a penny on the 300 asylums that black Americans have applied for.	0
Hey Summer I live in Florida !	In the summer, I live in Florida!	0
We know , but Trump 's kids are all married to or dating Jews and he 's expressed his full support of thelgbt community and gay marriage even if he is not out waving the fag rag in fag pride parades .	We know, but Trump’s children are all married or met with Jews and he has expressed his full support for the Thelgbt community and gay marriage, even if he’s not in the Fag-Rag couple.	0
It is tradition in Greece for children to get the name of one of their grandparents .	There is a tradition in Greece that children get the names of their grandparents.	0
In my opinion he is god like and I take inspiration from him every day .	In my opinion he is like God and I inspire myself every day from him.	0
7. gender segregated or no ?	Is the gender separated or not?	0
He was checking her lines , bad actors ca n't help themselves from doing this .	He’s checking her lines, and the bad actor won’t help himself do that.	0
More please .	and more please.	0
Have fun trying to convince Europeans to unite under one government after the EU collapses .	Try to convince Europeans to join a single government after the EU collapse.	0
First of the idiot is telling the mud to respect the neighborhood .	The first of the fools is to tell the dirt to respect the neighbor.	0
Small cars are a pain in the ass too .	Small cars are also a hurt in the ass.	0
New Square Meats allegedly sold nearly 2 million uninspected birds to unsuspecting customers . Source	New Square Meats said it sold 2 million unexpected birds to unpredictable customers.	0
Thanks for the plug John , closest group of NA to Kansas City I know of are some of us in Omaha and the St Louis Unit .	Thanks for the John plug, the nearest group to NA in Kansas City I know are some of us in Omaha and at the St. Louis unit.	0
In two years I will have a BS in Medical Technology .	In two years, I plan to obtain a medical technology degree.	0
I never came to this sight trying to create a disturbance .	I have never come to this point of view trying to create a disorder.	0
They gave the guy who posted that video some trouble , did n't they ?!	They gave some trouble to the person who posted that video, didn’t they?	0
https : //www.youtube.com/channel/UCYW ... JscW1szbHzTuNw	HTTPS: //www.youtube.com/channel/UCY... JscW1szbHzTuNw	0
They do what they always do take something of someone else 's and make it their own .	They always do what they do, take something from others and do it to their own.	1
Welcome, Always be proud of being white .	Please always be proud to be white.	0
What was once public employee , is now worker .	The one who once was a public employee is now a worker.	0
Just like Rony Jason ...	Just like Ronny Jason.	0
I have seen young white girl 's and boy 's acting like blacks with their baggy pant 's and their hip hop .	I’ve seen young white girls and boys performing like black people with their baggy pants and their hip-hop.	0
The ghetto of the north .	The Northern Ghetto.	3
If a person is white and he is a Christian or a Pagan then i consider him as my brother or sister no matter whatever profession he is into .	If someone is white and is Christian or pagan, I consider him to be my brother or sister, no matter what profession he is in.	0
If we each spend three hours on this we will be the talk of all of the news stations .	If each of us spent three hours on this issue, we would be the conversation of every news station.	0
the only way we can win is by opening the eyes of all whites and we cant do it softly can we ?	The only way we can win is to open the eyes of all whites, and we will not do it lightly.	0
I went out of my way to purchase food items from Denmark whenever they were available because I believe in hygiene and handling of food products by clean whites .	As I went out of the way to buy food from Denmark, I believe in the hygiene and processing of food products with clean white.	0
This thread is actually going against culture and customs but I think that it best fits into this category .	This thread goes against the culture and customs, but I think it best fits this category.	0
Hey i just wanted to see how many true white weman are around on these forums from Long Island or even New York since most white chicks here are * * * * * * lovers .	Hey, I just wanted to see how many real white Weman on these forums are from Long Island or New York, because most white chickens here are lovers.	0
How can you advocate for NS and simultaneously declare its CORE defining principle a `` blasphemy '' ?	How can one defend NS while at the same time explaining its CORE-defining principle as “blasphemy”?	0
Hey, guys I 'm new to SF but I 've long had right wing views about immigration looking to join a white nationalist group I live in Huron county PM me if you have a group I could join or if you know of one in my area !	Hey guys I'm new to SF but I've long had good views on immigration seeking to join a white nationalist group I live in the county of Huron PM me if you have a group I could join or if you know one in my region!	0
I returned home ...	I came back home...	0
Watch - http://www.youtube.com/watch ? v = PAvAV ... eature = related	See - http://www.youtube.com/watch?v = PAV... eature = Related	0
`` Can you tell me where this service is ?	Can you tell us where this service is?	0
My computer got that backdoor tojan virus > . < .	My computer has this Backdoor Tojan Virus.	0
Did they have pretty good lives ?	Have they had a pretty good life?	0
Justin Trudeau is an Embarrassment to Canada - YouTube	Justin Trudeau is the shame of Canada - YouTube	0
Asians are smart .	Asian people are intelligent.	0
Yeah, but no one will ever hear of this .	Yeah, but nobody will ever hear about this.	0
Unbelievable to me that all these liberals with SO MUCH love to give have zero problem stepping over all the white kids in their own country who need families to get to some random little Haitian kid .	With so much love, all these liberals have no problem walking onto every white child in their country, and the family needs to reach out to any random little Haitian child.	0
William Pierce : The Gift of Life. by Extrea. & #x202c ; & rlm ;	William Pierce: The Gift of Life, by Extrea. & #x202c; & rlm ;	0
Works for me .	Work for me.	0
Tereasa	Thereas	0
Excellent book I have read it several times and after reading this thread I think I will read it once again its well written and a good introduction into what is happening to our people.God Bless David Duke !	A great book, I’ve read it many times and after reading this trend I think I’ll read it again, it’s well written and a good introduction to what’s happening to our people.	0
Gang members targeted white victims in Denver attacks December 4 , 2009 http://www.kdvr.com/news/kdvr-affida ... , 2635245.story DENVER - Police believe a series of violent attacks in downtown Denver between July 17 and September 20 of this year were motivated by racial hatred of white people by the black suspects .	During the Denver attack on December 4, 2009, the militants targeted the white victims http://www.kdvr.com/news/kDvr-affida..., 2635245. story Denver - Police believe a series of violent attacks in the city centre of Denver between July 17 and September 20 this year were caused by black suspects of white racial hatred.	0
Adopt their musical style and hand gestures and you poison your own soul .	Embrace their music style and hand movements and poison your own soul.	1
Inside Cologne Catherdral Paris Opera House Peterhoff Palace St. Petersburg , Russia Palace at Versailles	In the interior of Cologne Cathedral Paris Opera House Peterhoff Palace St. Petersburg, Palace of Russia in Versailles	0
Tell the school he should be suspended and that he is the one guilty of hate crime .	Tell the school that he should be removed and that he is the only guilty of the hate crime.	0
Sure sun media sucks off Israel but they are also the only Media that is willing to tell the truth about the dangers of Islam and call Natives on their B.S.	Of course, the sun’s media suck Israel, but they’re also the only media that’s ready to tell the truth about the dangers of Islam and to call the indigenous people to the world.	0
Acts of racism in Ireland show short memories of Irish everywhere Read more : Acts of racism in Ireland show short memories of Irish everywhere | Irish News | IrishCentral Follow us : @IrishCentral on Twitter | IrishCentral on Facebook	Acts of Racism in Ireland Show Short Memories of Irish Everywhere Read more: Acts Of Irish Racism Show Short Reports Of Irish Anywhere.	0
Worker: Thank you , I took a note of all that information and will use it to the best of my ability .	Employee: Thank you, I’ve taken a note of all this information and I’ll use it as best as I can.	0
Could all Celts and non Celts verify if this is true or not .	Can all the Celts and Non-Helts verify that this is true?	0
And another video of another demonstration about a month previously that saw several antifa protesters hospitalised .	There was also a video of another demonstration a month ago that saw several anti-French protesters hospitalized.	0
I had no luck driving .	I was not lucky to drive.	0
- Boleslav The brave .	Polish is brave.	0
It`s hard to believe anyone except the people you know or your own eyes .	It’s hard to trust anyone except someone you know or your own eyes.	0
This whole situation starts to become really bizarre .	All of this situation begins to become truly strange.	0
Who is asking you to ?	Who's asking you for?	0
Not this again . As far as I 'm concerned , it 's just a photo of inmates burning clothes of typhus victims , not corpses .	For me, this is just a picture of the prisoners burning the clothes of the typhoon victims, not the bodies.	0
And the white guy can lose some weight , shave and get a haircut .	White men could lose some weight, shave, and get a hairstyle.	0
What we need to open the eyes of the white population is a major racial conflict ....	What is needed to open the eyes of the white population is a serious racial conflict.	0
I'm so ugly when I first get up in the morning that I have a face that only a mother could love .	When I woke up in the morning, I was ugly, and I had a face that only my mother could love.	0
Regards , Draiodoir .	Goodbye to Delphi.	0
( Now over 16,000 Downloads ! )	More than 16,000 downloads now!	0
I hope one day to proudly say again that I am an American , when we take this country back .	I hope that one day we will be able to say again with pride that I am an American when we get this country back.	0
Will post back here when I have it .	I will post it back if I have it.	0
Production of white babies and increasing white population is a task of each white couple .	Producing white babies and increasing the white population is the task of every white couple.	0
Boots Christmas advert on telly this evening .	Christmas ads are on the TV tonight.	0
Then we will see who is afraid to leave thier homes after dark or venture into the wrong ' hood .	Then we’ll see who’s afraid to get out of the shooting houses after the darkness or venture in the evil’hood.	1
Thanks for all the great replies its very helpful .	Thank you for all your great answers, it was very helpful.	0
I intend to get a big dog in time for next year 's elections , but no pigs , lizards , parrots or raccoons ...	I intend to get a great dog in time for the next year’s elections, but there are no pigs, lizards, parishes or races...	0
Sword might come in handy for a couple silent kills or close quarters combat against lightly armed enemies .	Swords can help near the battlefield with a quiet killer or lightly armed enemy.	0
The guy if soooo annoying !	The man is so boring.	0
hello to all !	Hello to everyone!	0
Brown eyes and Brown hair make you no less white than someone with blonde hair and blue eyes .	Brown eyes and brown hair will not make you whiteer than people with blond and blue eyes.	0
Tiger woods was her example and a few others .	The Tiger Forest was her example, and a few others.	0
For some strange reason they all looked at me as if I had said something offensive when it was just simple logic .	For some strange reason, everyone looked at me as if I had said something offensive when it was simply logical.	0
-Strict religious education at temple - Their ' sunday shool ' equivalent .	Strict religious education in the temples - the equivalent of their "Sunday School".	0
Well-known area Jewelry Store Owner , John ' The Jeweler ' Lauseng shot & killed during robbery White Owner Of Jewelry Store Murdered , No Prizes For Guessing Who By - NNN Reporters Newsroom Forum R.I.P.	The well-known owner of the jewelry store in the area, John 'The Jeweler' Lauseng shot and killed during the theft The white owner of a jewellery store murdered, without prizes to guess who by - NNN Reporters Newsroom Forum R.I.P.	0
They're trying to turn the Internet into a mirror version of television , in other words turn it into a wasteland of celebrity worship and wipe out all of it 's potential as a medium for informing and educating .	They are trying to turn the Internet into a mirror version of television, in other words, to turn it into a waste of worship of celebrities and eliminate all its potential as a means of information and education.	0
We do import more food than we export .	We import more food that we export.	0
...is rotten to the core .	It is in the core.	0
Just wait until we open our doors to the poor people from the TB capital of Europe , Romania .	Wait until we open the doors to the poor in the European capital, Romania.	3
There IQ is pretty worthless if they have n't discovered a cure for cancer , MS , Parkinson or HIV , ETC .... bah .... all I see is numbers .	There, if they didn’t find a cure for cancer, MS, Parkinson’s disease or HIV, etc., IQ was pretty worthless... I just saw numbers.	0
I 've seen negroes who look ( and undoubtedly act ) like him .	I saw the black men acting like him.	1
!!!!!!!!!	This is the case!!	2
I'm in SWVa .	I am in SWV.	0
``Confrontingthe Girl Who Shot Me In the Face '' -- Dr. Phil - YouTube The female negro is making excuses like its not her fault but we all know its TNB , I feel for that poor white woman	'ConfrontingThe Girl Who Shot Me In the Face' -- Dr. Phil - The YouTube black woman is making the same excuses, not her fault, but we all know TNB.	1
CZ-75 Tactical Sports ( 9 mm ) Mossberg shotgun ( 12 gauge ) Finnish RK 95 TP ( 7.62x39 ) M14 with scope ( 7.62x51 ) H & K 416 ( 5.56x45 ) I sort of regret not being able to pick the AKS-74 carbine as my sixth .	CZ-75 Tactical Sports ( 9 mm ) Mossberg rifle ( 12 gauge ) Finnish RK 95 TP ( 7.62x39 ) M14 with range ( 7. 62x51 ) H & K 416 ( 5.56x45 ) I'm sorry I can't choose the AKS-74 rifle as my sixth.	0
Shoot a pre merger Thompson Center Hawken 50 .	The Thompson Center Hocken 50.	0
The reason liberals become teachers and social workers is because other occupations are not as accepting towards people who live in the fantasy world of political correctness and non-factual thinking .	The reason why liberals become teachers and social workers is because other professions are not as acceptable to people who live in a world of fantasy.	0
Wish we at least had a Marine Le Pen to vote for in Canada .	At least, Marine Le Pen wanted to vote in Canada.	0
I 'm getting ready to head out to move in with my SF romance in a couple of days .	I’m ready to go out with SF Romance in a few days.	0
thank you very much for your replies ! I just wonder if there is a site of the NNP in english ? anyway I hope Russia will kick non-white butts out of its territory.so long , brothers !	I just wonder if there is a NNP website in English? anyway, I hope that Russia will throw non-white assholes out of its territory.	1
Their resistance to immigration is precisely because they have been exposed to you non-White vermin and your effect on their nations .	Their resistance to immigrants is precisely because they are exposed to you, non-white worms, and your influence on their country.	1
If he comes we should support him .	If he comes, we have to support him.	0
I take the assumption that your Nation is so crap is not worth remembering .	I assume that your people are so dirty that it is not worth remembering.	0
Ive been around here for four years and seen almost no class divide .	I have lived here for the past four years and I have seen little class divisions.	0
Imagine if I got 100 percent negro .	I think I have a 100% black.	0
Whites wo n't exist in Canada anymore they all have left or mixed themselves away basically leaving Canada to become a large ghetto	White people no longer exist in Canada, they all left, or mixed up, and basically left Canada, becoming a big area.	1
Yet my daughter still wants to go outside and play with that thing .	Nevertheless, my daughter still wants to go out and play with it.	1
Karina Sorensen is a member of the Danish Peoples Party , a pro-Danish heritage party .	Karina Sorensen is a member of the Danish People's Party, a Danish Heritage Party.	0
Yep, her name is Thunderphoenix .	Her name was Thunderphoenix.	0
Why not just band with one or two of your close friends ?	Why not just connect with one or two close friends?	0
some times Whites are forced to live around a lot of blacks .	Sometimes white people are forced to live around many blacks.	1
They blackmail shop-owners and give them protection so they claim .	They blackmailed the store owners and gave them protection, so they claimed.	0
Here are the only ones I have ever seen Taras.Bulba. [ 1962 ] - YouTube Wow , there is a re-make of Taras Bulba .	The only things I’ve seen here are Taras.Bulba. [ 1962 ] - YouTube wow, there’s a rework of Taras Bulba.	0
Hell , the way we are deliberately poisoning ourselves I 'm surprised we have lasted this long !	Hell, the way we deliberately poison ourselves, I’m surprised that we’ve lasted so long!	0
I'm with you , Winnipeg has become a cesspool .	I am with you, Winnipeg is becoming a cesspool.	1
We need to focus on winning ground or degrees in mainstream State Universities .	We need to focus on getting ground or degree at a mainstream state university.	0
Nothing more than a murdered white girl , the talking heads could care less about her .	Anything but the murdered white girl, the talking head might not care about her.	0
Hehe !	and heh!	0
It features some pretty good , cutting edge anime for mature teens and adults .	It contains some very good, cutting-edge anime for teenagers and mature adults.	0
It basically says the Ancient Egyptians were Nordic or Nordic dominated , despite that being almost impossible .	Basically, it is said that the ancient Egyptians were ruled by the Nordic or Nordic, but this is almost impossible.	0
I also have Google Chrome , IE , Opera .	We also have Google Chrome, IE, and Opera.	0
Like you I like certain movies , tv series I absolutely abhor British telly in particular as they are always and in all ways promoting race mixing or homosexuality .	Like you, I love certain movies, TV series, and I absolutely hate British stories, especially because they always promote ethnic mix or homosexuality in various ways.	0
Fyromia - Encyclopedia Dramatica Greece - Encyclopedia Dramatica Bulgaria - Encyclopedia Dramatica	Encyclopedia Dramatica Greece - Encyclopaedia Dramatic Greece	0
I see manialy Blood and Honour use it .	I saw the blood and honor of Mania using it.	0
I had to open the landing window earlier because the stench of their cooking was overpowering .	I had to open the landing window sooner because the smell of their cooking was overwhelming.	0
com/watch ? v = KrdyCxpB4fs And then the entire Myron Fagan video @ youtube .	Com/watch? v = KrdyCxpB4fs And then the whole video of Myron Fagan @ youtube.	0
www.newsnet14.com www.theforbiddentruth.net 14/88	www.newsnet14.com www. theforbiddentruth.net 15/88	0
Harsh punishments for rapists .	Strict punishment of the rapist.	0
forming one little place ... a village or a small community that is purely White and that no other race can enter or interact with unless it has majority consent .	Forming a small place... a pure white village or small community where no other race can enter or interact unless it has the consent of the majority.	0
My theory is that diversity is not as popular as the wagon burners on Unity North Dakota would have us believe .	My theory is that diversity is not so popular as the unified rail combustion in North Dakota will make us believe.	0
Either when the last White child is brutally murdered or when the last of our enemies perishes .	Whether it is when the last white child is brutally murdered or when our last enemy disappears.	0
People suffer more the closer they are to ground zero .	People suffer more as they are closer to zero.	0
I love my .410 bolt action shotgun .	I like my 410 volt action gun.	0
Crap like that is all so common these days .	Things like this are common these days.	0
I plan to work donig that for a few years then it 's off to med school .	In a few years, I’m going to go to medical school.	0
Here is a video of the event that is worth watching just to see a beautiful White lady screaming `` scum , scum , scum , f * * * ing scum !!! '' at the muslim filth .	Here is a video of the event worth watching, just seeing a beautiful white lady in the shadow of Muslims screaming “scum, scum, Scum and f * * * ing scum!!!”.	1
Ohio in general looks to be in bad shape .	Ohio is generally in a bad shape.	0
Macc Lads - Got to be Gordons - YouTube	Macc Lads – Got to be Gordons	0
Very interesting .	Very interesting!	0
Seeing the teams of white nations have black players in their ranks is a depressing site to see.They should be representing the best of our nations not the worst	Seeing the white country teams have black players on their rankings is a disappointing place they should represent the best of our country, not the worst.	1
Enjoy having multiculturalism shoved down your throat , fighting for Israel and having a black or Asian as your new best friend .	Enjoy multiculturalism pushing your neck, fighting for Israel, and having blacks or Asians as your new best friends	0
It 's because white skin allows uv rays to pass through more readily , powering your muscles and brain .	This is because the white skin makes it easier for UV rays to pass through, feeding your muscles and brain.	0
Hello Crystal My name is Andy , and as my screen name states I live in New York .	Hello Crystal, my name is Andy, and as my screen name suggests, I live in New York.	0
I only hope my kids will follow the same path when they come of age .	I hope my children continue to walk the same path as they get older.	0
Sørensen , 19 år , er født 8. april 1982 i Kolding .	Sørensen, 19, was born on April 8, 1982 in Kolding.	2
Look at that evil slave ship with the evil slave master forcing the blacks to leave their utopian paradise in Africa http://www.europeandailynews.org/wp-...anmigrants.jpg	Look at the evil slave ship that forces the bad slave masters to leave black people from the African Utopian paradise http://www.europeandailynews.org/wp-...anmigrants.jpg	0
I have n't , because I threw out my TV in the mid-1990s when there were to many blacks on TV .	I didn’t, because I was throwing out my television in the mid-1990s, when there were a lot of black people on the television.	1
You might want to check this out , gave it a pretty good review as a truck/ATV/snow mobile gun or just as a back-up that takes standard AR/M16 magazines .	You may want to check this by giving it a good review as a truck/ATV/mobile pistol or just as a backup that takes the standard AR/M16 magazines.	0
From what I hear .	from what I have heard.	0
It 's more appropriate here , and you should get more informed responses .	It is more suitable here, and you should get more informative answers.	0
That 's 2 blacks who wont be having kids	There are two black men who don’t have children.	3
I hope you respond .	I expect you to respond.	0
We have to start somewhere with more than talk .	We need to start with more than a conversation.	0
Beware of the falling house prices that Negroes bring with them ( another reason why you 'll never find them living near politicans ) .	Pay attention to the fall in house prices brought by blacks (another reason is that you’ll never find them living near politicians).	1
Buster	buster is	0
It 's a pleasure to make your acquaintance Madam .	It is a pleasure to meet you, Madame.	0
Do not go to school officials because it will mark you out to them .	Do not go to the school administrator because it will show you to them.	0
Hair freshly cut ...	Fresh hair cut.	0
Was n't Bill Clinton the first `` black '' president ?	Wasn't Bill Clinton the first "black" president?	0
Hoodies $ 60 Sweetshirts $ 50 Womens Ts $ 30 Mens Ts $ 25	Hoodies $60 Candy T-shirts $50 Women Ts $30 Men Ts $25	0
Later on the divorced lady down the street helped me out .	Later, the divorced lady came down to the street and helped me out.	0
Maybe it 's about time for groups of white people to renounce their citizenship .	It may be time for white groups to give up their citizenship.	0
Any regulation will hurt us , not them .	Any regulation will harm us, not them.	0
I think its funny , as a premed student there has n't been a black person within a hundred miles of any of my classes ever .	I think it’s interesting, but as a beginner, there was no black man within 100 miles from my class.	3
Make sure you have a security team for Justin Barrett whenever he speaks in public in case the unwashed scum try anything again .	Make sure to have a security team for Justin Barrett every time he speaks in public in case of unwashed scum trying something new.	0
I will say I like the idea of this Ruger LCR in 9mm .	I would say I like this Ruger LCR idea in 9mm.	0
Polite people are rarely seen as huge threats to small town life .	Friendly people are rarely considered as huge threats to the life of the small town.	0
Looks like Obama has lived up to his legacy .	It seems that Obama has survived his legacy.	0
I'd like to see a report on the unemployment rates and other such things across the UK , compared with places with the highest numbers of immigrants .	I would like to see a report on UK unemployment and other similar things compared to the places where the number of immigrants is highest.	0
Nice .	very nice.	0
I noticed the crime stats for Kalispell are a little higher than average .	I noticed that Kalispell’s crime statistics were slightly higher than average.	0
The lemmings have become so used to having a different color ribbon for different causes .	These pins have become so used to having different colors for different reasons.	0
People of the US are getting it together , finally .	The American people finally put it together.	0
It 's a symbol demonstrating a lack of oxygen to the head of all its members .	It is a symbol that demonstrates a lack of oxygen in the head of all its members.	1
Do ` F * ck with our families , buckwheat !!	'F * ck our family, buckwheat!	0
my mothers father is full blonde Irish. my mothers mother is English Irish Scottish . my fathers father is a German with some Scottish and my fathers mother is danish and Norwegian. making me 6ft4 blonde hair blue eyes with a big barrel chest just like my german grandfather .	My mother’s father was entirely blonde Irish, my mother was English Irish Scottish; my father was German, some Scottish, and my father’s mother was Danish and Norwegian, making me six-foot blonde blue eyes, big breasts, just like my German grandfather.	0
Quite the opposite in fact .	In fact, quite the opposite.	0
The seeds and farming equipment was never used .	The seeds and agricultural equipment have never been used.	0
And also Happy Birthday David Irving .	Happy Birthday to David Irving!	0
A very warm welcome to you from us all at SF Britain .	A warm welcome from all of us to SF Britain.	0
My God look who just finished his Taco for lunch !	Look at who has just finished his Taco for lunch!	0
Hey, I 'm looking to meet new people maybe find myself a nice white boy .	Hi, I'm looking to meet new people, maybe I'll find a nice white guy.	0
I love her voice !	I like her voice!	0
There have been several bears , both grizzly and black , caught or killed here in C-Falls in the last month .	Over the past month, numerous bears, bears and black people have been captured or killed here in C-Falls.	0
- YouTube Magyar Királyi Honvédség - Holding Out For A Hero / Egy h Wehrmacht , SS and Hungarian Troops - 1944 , Carpathian Front ( HQ ) , 2.1 .	- Youtube Magyar Királyi Honvédség - Holding Out for a Hero / Egy h Wehrmacht, SS and Hungarian troops - 1944, Front of the Carpathians (HQ), 2.1.	0
im going to be moving from southern california soon to washington and i was wondetring how many people here are in the seattle tacoma area thanks steven	I am about to move from southern California to Washington and I am surprised how many people are here in the Seattle Tacoma District, thanks to Stephen.	0
Shows their `` superiority ''	Showing its “superiority”	3
No, it`s untrue .	No, it is not true.	0
The only thing more disgusting than a White woman with a groid is a White woman who drags her White child into the filth with her .	The only thing that is more annoying than a mature white woman is the white woman that pulls her white child with her.	1
NB , Haman , Fenris , MuadDib http://www.youtube.com/watch ? v = zzSJRfoZLFY	NB, Haman, Fenris, MuadDib http://www.youtube.com/watch? v=zSJRfoZLFY	0
I have to go now but I will post as soon as possible .	I have to go right now, but I’ll post as soon as possible.	0
2508	of 508.	0
Pretty soon , there 's not going to be anywhere left to run .	Soon, there’s no place left to run.	0
I do n't even like buying cartons of juice !	I don’t even like to buy juice boxes!	0
And speaking of which , do you find it as comical as I do that people so lacking in beauty would want to become beauticians ?	And talking about what, do you think it’s as funny as I do that people who lack beauty would like to become beautiful?	0
When I was last time in South Africa , we went to Sun City and saw little black monkey children swimming , funniest thing was watching drying water off their faces , it looks exactly like baboon or something , way they do it , whites have certain mannerisms with doing things , they have completely ape-like ones .	The last time I went to South Africa, we went to Sun City and saw the little black monkey swim, and the most interesting thing was watching the water dry off their faces, it looked entirely like monkeys or something they were doing, and white people had some way of doing things, and they had something exactly like the monkey.	1
Imagine a bunch of people carrying these in their possession .	Imagine a crowd of people who carry them in their possession.	0
Besides who would even bother to help them ?	And who else would take care of helping them?	1
Here is my old school picture i think it was in 1994 .	Here is my old photo of school, I think it was in 1994.	3
I got a little debt and i dont find it useful for finding higher paying jobs .	I have a little debt and find it not useful to find higher-paid jobs.	0
Whites are far too comfortable over here ; every night is party night , so to speak .	White people are too comfortable here and every night is a party night.	0
Turn off all pop-up blockers , Zone Alarm , and so on .	Turn off all pop-up blockers, zone alarms, etc.	0
Enjoy your classroom .	Enjoy in your classroom.	0
Was walking through tooting broadway in SW London a couple of weeks ago .... was the only white dude around and all I could see was nigs and pakis walking down the street spitting , made me feel ill !	A few weeks ago, I walked through a white square in SW London... the only white man around me, and I could only see Son and Son walking in the streets, making me feel uncomfortable!	1
Everyone should help out the National Alliance and get involved .	Everyone must help and participate in the national alliance.	0
There is such a thing as a human race but different sub species .	There are things like humans, but there are different sub-species.	0
Disgusting.....	disgusted...	0
Why is there an exclusively homosexual high school when you do n't even go to school for sex in the first place ?!	Why is there a exclusively gay high school when you don’t even go to school to have sex?	0
I remember when that happened ..... could n't have happened to a nicer guy .	I remember when it happened, but it could not have happened to a more kind guy.	0
There is no hierarchy where we feel differently about non White group X than we do group Y. Non White is non White .	There is no hierarchy in which we feel different about the non-white X group than what we do in the Y group.	0
Let me know if White girls making out with blacks and other non whites are staged too .	Let me know if white women dating black and other non-whites will also stand on stage.	0
http://www.eminencemo.com	Main service: www.eminence	0
These are the type of stories which inspire me and indeed should inspire all of us .	These are the kind of stories that should inspire me and really inspire us all.	0
There are a few schools around here that run women only classes and once school has a six or eight week so called boot camp for women wanting to do krav maga .	Here are a few schools that run classes only for women, and once the school has six to eight weeks called boat camps for women who want to do krav maga.	0
I hope you are all emailing this newspaper .	I hope everyone is reading this newspaper.	0
Of course , none of this is set in stone .	Of course, no of these elements are placed in stone.	0
I am looking for anything where I can be among my own people , please PM me if you know of something .	I'm looking for everything I can be among my own people, if you know something please PM me	0
Go to this thread and discover music you never even heard of before : We have our own Media now !	Go to this topic and discover music you’ve never heard of: we now have our own media!	0
It 's the same with Jerry Springer Attack Of The KKK Dad ( Part 1 ) - YouTube	It's the same as Jerry Springer's KKK father's attack (Part One) - YouTube	0
The London Forum is a great YouTube channel .	The London Forum was a great YouTube channel.	0
All none whites scores start at 70 % passing grade 72 % .	All white scores start with 70% and exceed 72.	3
http://www.newportcity.blogspot.com/	The location is here: www.newport.blogspot.com	0
The Brazilian president said that Blond hair Blue eyes Anglo-Saxons were the problem in the world .	The Brazilian president said blond eyes and blue eyes of Anglo-Saxons are the problem of the world.	0
Will they ever learn ??? 16	Will you ever learn? 16.	0
They do it because they know it pisses the whites off , by showing disrespect as such for other people shows they have no respect for themselves .	They did so because they knew it would bother white people, because showing disrespect for others indicated that they had no respect for themselves.	1
I'm a high school senior .	I am a senior high school student.	0
The lawsuit , filed in Los Angeles County Superior Court last week , is the latest in a string of cases against the company and the jew Charney including five sexual harassment cases that have been settled , dismissed or placed in arbitration .	The lawsuit filed last week at the Los Angeles County High Court was the latest in a series of cases between the company and Jewish Charney, including five cases of sexual harassment that have been settled, rejected, or filed for arbitration.	0
I was the child from hell , littlehatekitten and my son is one of the most well behaved children I have ever seen .	I am a child from Hell, Little Hartkitt, and my son is one of the best children I’ve ever seen.	0
I'm not in the Chicago area , but I do know some people in the Chicago area .	I’m not in Chicago, but I know some people in the Chicago area.	0
I have no clue what it does but its there lol .	I don’t know what it is doing, but it’s fun.	0
And all those holes below 40,000 feet are filled with oil instead of water .	And all those holes under 40,000 feet are filled with oil rather than water.	0
Below is a message that was publicly displayed many months ago on the website of the President of the United States .	Below is the message published on the U.S. President's website a few months ago.	0
And anyone who reads it is asked to bump it into view ( by simply commenting ) for the many others who need know .	And those who read it are asked to keep an eye on it (by simply commenting) for many people who need to know it.	0
He will get aids soon and die	He would soon get AIDS and die.	0
Blacks only account for around 4 percent of the population .	Black people account for only about 4% of the population.	0
``Hey,boys, what are ya haulin ' ? '' http://28.media.tumblr.com/tumblr_lb...dmnto1_500.jpg Report : Nuclear weapon drivers sometimes got drunk Buzz up ! 19 votes Share retweet Email Print 2 hrs 20 mins ago WASHINGTON The U.S. Energy Department 's watchdog says [ COLOR = #366388 ! important ] [ COLOR = #366388 ! important ] government [ COLOR = #366388 ! important ] agents [ /COLOR ] [ /COLOR ] [ /COLOR ] hired to drive nuclear weapons and components in trucks sometimes got drunk on the job , including an incident last year when two agents were detained by police at a local bar during a convoy mission .	``Hey, boys, what are ya haulin'? '' http://28.media.tumblr.com/tumblR_lb...dmnto1_500.jpg Report : Nuclear weapons drivers were sometimes drunk Buzz up! 19 Votes Share the Retweet Email Print 2 hours ago 20 min WASHINGTON The U.S. Energy Department guard says [ Color = #366388! important ] [ COLOR = # 366388.	0
I guess organic chem is just too hard .	Organic chemistry is too difficult.	3
A : 60 feet Q : Johnny 's team had the football on the 50 yard line .	A: 60 ft Q: Johnny's team had football on the 50 yards line.	0
The holocaust never existed except in the minds of the people who believed it .	The Holocaust never existed except in the hearts of those who believed in it.	1
Far from that .	Distance from there.	0
These are Rapist techniques .	This is a rape technique.	0
Miss South Africa is not White .	Miss South America is not white.	0
I had the luck ( ... ) to meet some africans in the past and I promise you that black are the worse cancer of the world , they 're ready to sell their own sister so you can imagine what will they do with our Countries ..	I’m lucky to have met some Africans in the past, and I assure you that blacks are the worst cancers in the world, and they’re ready to sell their sisters, so you can imagine what they’ll do to our country.	1
Watch the full program at http://www.pbs.org/wgbh/pages/frontline/the-confessions Interrogation or child abuse ?	See all programs at http://www.pbs.org/wgbh/pages/frontline/ the-Confessions Question or Child Abuse?	0
YouTube - Broadcast Yourself .	YouTube – Broadcast your own.	2
Well , I looked in amazement as everyone bought this rubbish .	Well, I was surprised to see everyone buying this rubbish.	0
Presumably you are not in favour of mass white immigration simply on the shallow account that they are agreeable to your sensibilities ?	Suppose you’re not in favour of large-scale white immigrants just because they’re beneficial to your sensitivity?	0
Reminds me of an old joke .	Remind me of a old joke.	0
The FBI recorded 500 murders in Chicago in 2012 , up from 431 in 2011 .	The FBI recorded 500 murders in 2012 in Chicago, up from 431 in 2011.	0
Tell them we 'll legalize drugs and pedophilia .	Tell them we’re going to legalize drugs and pedofilia.	1
If kids come by , they get it .	When the kids come, they will get it.	0
I pm 'd you a suggestion of a place to go , I do not want to post it here as I think non-whites read this site and will then proceed to try and move there .	I’ll give you a suggestion for a place you should go, I don’t want to post it here as I think non-white people will read this page and then proceed to try to get there.	1
Enjoy	Enjoyed	0
Very easy Rebel Robbie , our bluebells have flowers which droop down , the Spanish variety have flowers that stick out horizontally , and yes they do cross very easily between species which is why people are asked to destroy the Spaniards before they wipe out our own bluebells .	It’s easy Rebel Robbie, our blue bell has falling flowers, the Spanish varieties have horizontal flowers and yes, they’re easy to cross between species, which is why people are asked to destroy the Spaniards before they wipe out our own blue bell.	0
In an unassuming family house on a dead end in Verl an internationally known musician a recording studio right has for years operated .	In an unpredictable family home on a dead end in Verl, an internationally renowned musician, a record studio, has been working for years.	0
In fact it happened a while back , but it was creepy when it did happen .	In fact, it happened a long time ago, but it was horrible when it actually happened.	0
WPWW !	by wpww!	0
Thanks for coming	Thank you for coming.	0
But I was Born With blond hair and it turned Brown by the time I turned 9 .	But I was born with blonde hair and when I was nine it became brown.	0
Help me understand , open carry means that you can walk in the street with a shot gun in your hand , is that right ?	Help me understand that open carrying means you can walk on the street with a gun in your hands, right?	0
I 've seen it and currently live it , and let me tell you it is not pretty .	I’ve seen it and now I’m living it, and I’ll tell you that it’s not beautiful.	0
This is typical in public schools .	It is typical of public schools.	0
But no one talks about the real problem .	But nobody talks about the real issue.	0
You mean there 's two of us left in the world ?	Do you know that two of us remain in the world?	0
Acting like an animal show 's nothing .	Acting like a animal show is nothing.	0
Larger fish eat smaller fish and with each step of ' the big eating small , ' as you go up the chain , any mercury becomes more concentrated , thus the larger the fish , the more chance they will have some mercury in them .	The larger fish eat small fish and at each step of the 'big eating small', when you go up to the chains, all the hydrogen will be more concentrated, and thus the bigger the fish, the more likely they will have a little hydrogen within them	0
It 's good that i have good friends here .	I'm glad I have good friends here.	0
The company I work for is in need of qualified help .	The company for which I work needs qualified help.	0
The USA also had them during ww2 .	The United States also had it during WW2.	0
How much you want to bet it is n't a black male running this operation You can count on white people to be very innovative	How much you want to bet, it is not a black man who performs this operation You can rely on the whites to be very innovative	1
Just remember he killed a white cop in one of his bombings , according to ABC .	Remember that he killed a white police officer in his bombing, according to ABC reports.	0
If the International Drug Cartels are causing so much DEATH and DESTRUCTION in Mexico , then why allow them to just walk across our Border ?	If international drug cartels are causing so many deaths and destruction in Mexico, why would they allow them to cross our borders?	1
I have seen these things popping up more and more on youtube and I like it .	I see more and more of these things on YouTube and I like it.	0
Those little boys would have never seen their 11th birthday if I was there .	The boys would never have seen their 10th birthday if I was there.	0
We lose no matter what .	We lose regardless of what.	0
For one thing .. she dyed her hair .	For one thing, she cut her hair.	0
Good thing we do not buy that stuff .	The good thing is that we don’t buy these things.	0
If you look at an Alaskan malamute and a timber wolf that are two different species , they look a lot more alike than say a Congolese and a Swede .	If you look at a Malamute of Alaska and a wooden wolf that are two different species, they look much more like the same way as a Congolese and a Swedish.	1
Hi, Yes anywhere in the maritimes is full of culture and if you like old fashioned values and a very white city go to St. John 's Newfoundland .	Hi, Yes, anywhere in the sea is full of culture and if you like the values of old fashion and a very white city, go to St. John's Newfoundland.	0
Oh wait , that never happened ...	Oh, wait, that has never happened...	0
YouTube - Broadcast Yourself .	YouTube – Broadcast your own.	2
Seriously it is .	That is serious.	0
I have to reapply for my citizenship of birth and might possibly be turned down because I 've lived most of my life in Tyskland och USA , trevligt , inte ?	I will have to re-apply for my birth citizenship and may be rejected because I spent most of my life in Germany and the United States.	0
Hi there people how are you , i came on here a few years ago and for some reason didnt back on lol. so anyway i hope your all well ,	Hi, some people, how are you, I came here a few years ago and for some reason did not come back, so anyway, I wish you all good,	0
Live music and dancing .	Music and dance.	0
Not another promo ) Meet Me at the Footbridge : PLE and the Musicman .	No more promotions) Meet me at Footbridge: PLE and Musicman.	0
England has been Jew infested for centuries and the BBC is the centre of the Marxist propaganda mill .	England has been infected by Jews for centuries, and the BBC is the center of the Marxist propaganda factory.	1
That is a blessing and a curse at the same time !	This is both a blessing and a curse, at the same time!	0
You would be luckey to see a real Irish person on the TV these days ..	You’ll be lucky to see a real Irishman on TV these days.	0
What is wrong with her husband ?	What's wrong with his husband?	3
Any race of people who has been around for a few thousand years and still managed to stay Asian without being called racists must be doing something right .	Any race who has existed for thousands of years, but is still able to stay in Asia without being called racists, must do the right thing.	0
Please, enough of the Finno-Ugric fairy tale https : //www.stormfront.org/forum/t416643 / https : //www.stormfront.org/forum/t69616 / And here is a Khanty song for comparison Khanty song `` Akem ar '' ( `` Old Man 's Song '' ) - YouTube	Finno-Ugric fairy tale https: //www.stormfront.org/forum/t416643 / https: /www.stromfront.com/ forum/t69616 / And here for comparison Khanty song Khanti song "Akem ar" ( "Old Man's Song") - YouTube	0
The 24-year-old 's body was found Dec. 21 in her apartment by officers who went there to check on her well-being .	The body of the 24-year-old was found in her apartment on December 21 by police who went there to check her health.	0
Is n't that contradicting themselves ?	Is this not contradictory to itself?	0
The idea that homeschooled kids do n't get socialized is ludicrous .	The idea that home school children are not socialized is a joke.	0
Everything thinks they are banning all 556/223 and hoarding all of it .	Everyone thinks they ban all 556/223 and collect them all.	0
Did the message vanish ?	Does the message disappear?	0
Here is where she was going to be out on the streets , last year : https : //www.stormfront.org/forum/t1008885/	Here, she was planning to go out on the street last year: https : //www.stormfront.org/forum/t10088/	0
They are so busy with their own causes that they do n't see the storm that is brewing on the horizon .	They’re so busy with their own causes that they don’t see the storm on the horizon.	0
This is a video of old postcards of the Upper Silesian city of Bytom ( Beuthen ) .	Here is a video of the old postcards of the city of Bytom (Beuthen) of the High Silesia.	0
The only thing holding us back are our traitors and the 40billion anti-european people of the earth that flourished on our technology .	The only thing that can stop us are our traitors and the four billion anti-Europeans on the planet that have flourished with our technology.	0
It is cool enough that you 're happy about your Nationality , it is not that this talk is about , so relax , comrade !!	It’s pretty cool that you’re happy with your nationality, it’s not that this conversation is on, so relaxed, friend!!	0
That and a 100 mile wide free fire zone ought to do the trick .	That and a free fire zone of 100 miles wide should do the trick.	0
Agreed, to an extent .	I agree, to a certain extent.	0
Im also young , probably too young .	They are also young and maybe too young.	0
Last stat : you are a troll and a homo .	Last stat: You’re a troll and a homo.	0
It 's just me and the wife so we 'll be eating this for at least the next few days .	It’s just me and my wife, so we’ll eat it for at least the next few days.	0
The 1st time Jews were even talked about in the Bible was in I Kings and they are at war tring to kill God 's people ( the Hebrews ) .	The first time the Jews spoke in the Bible was in the kings and are in war to kill the people of God (the Hebrews).	0
Now now lets not discriminate between muslims and jews , I say get them all back to the middle east and turn the whole sand pit to radioactive glass .	Now don’t allow discrimination between Muslims and Jews, I’ll bring them all back to the Middle East and turn the entire sand pit into radioactive glass.	1
IRA could have hit a prime minister at any time but chose to hit kids instead .	The IRA was able to hit the Prime Minister at any time, but instead chose to hit children.	0
Just saw this one in Palm Springs ....	I saw it in Palm Springs.	0
i am a white nationalist of a christian faith but still am a white nationalist for racial survival the anti racist christians are the true chirstians ememy	I am a white nationalist of Christian faith but I am still a white nationalist for race survival.	1
How do you add those signatures too your posts beneath what you 've written surely you dont copy and paste everytime ? .	How do you also add these signatures to your posts under what you’ve written, making sure you don’t copy and paste them every time?	0
MrBadgerSir	by MrBadGers	0
another article on the mail today on their side bet you they will be allowed to stay think of the money that these people soak off the irish people madness www.faem.com	Another article in today's mail on your side bet will allow them to stay thinking about the money these people get out of the madness of the Irish people www.faem.com	1
Stupid pop up froze the song for the fourth time in a row so I gave up ... will keep it logged for future use when I get the reformatting disc .	The stupid pop-up gave up because it froze the song for the fourth time in a row...I’ll keep a log for future use when I get the reform disc.	0
And .... I know the rose hair is n't a reptile , but she 's sweet and I could n't leave her out They are another misunderstood family of creatures .	And... I know the pink hair isn’t a reptile, but she’s sweet and couldn’t let her out.	0
Lords of the Planet , the Solar System and the Beyond .	Lord of the planet, of the solar system and of the outside.	0
Msciwoj	by MCIWOJ	0
I 'll be leaving for basic pretty soon .	I will soon leave the base.	0
It is always nice to meet people who have the same views as yourself .	It’s always nice to meet someone who has the same views as you.	0
In these days , media reported about the group of armed russians in the Caucasus ( supposed to be cossacks ) , which were headind to a chechen refugee camp with `` unknown goals '' .	Those days, the media about a group of Russians armed in the Caucasus (which are supposed to be Kazakhs) heading to a Chechen refugee camp with “unknown targets.”	0
Sounds like things are pretty cool for you and your family .	It sounds like things were cool enough for you and your family.	0
They smoke skinny cigars .	He smokes small cigars.	0
I 'm supper happy ur at my school IM NOT ALONE	I have a happy dinner at my school and I am not alone.	0
I know that Mississippi is full of blacks but is it really that bad over there that real white folks are trying to move to overpriced liberal ( my assumption ) Britain ?	I know that Mississippi is full of black people, but is it really so bad there that real white people try to move to Liberal Great Britain (my hypothesis )?	0
It was until Kveldulf saw fit to open it up again with his unnecessary comments .	It's until Kveldulf has seen the right to open it again with his unnecessary comments.	0
I 'm sure it 's all a result of discrimination .	I am sure that this is the result of discrimination.	0
Pride of race or government .	pride of race and government.	0
I'm sure someone will come along .	I am sure somebody will come with me.	0
Jeffrey McAdam was fatally shot at a rest stop along Interstate 80 in Iowa County .	Jeffrey McAdam was shot dead during a quiet stop along the Interstate 80 in Iowa County.	0
Living well is the best revenge .	To live well is the greatest revenge.	0
Judge by color or I am so not `` hip '' ?	Do I judge by color, or am I not a child?	0
Apart from that , a decent video .	In addition, this is a good video.	0
Just appalling .	Just scary.	0
Now that is good news as I frequently heard amongst my people that they will only stand together and fight once they have lost everything .	Now, this is good news, because I often hear in my people that they will only stand up fighting once they lose everything.	0
My son will be scheduled to have his first assesment around September sometime .	My son is scheduled to receive his first assessment one day around September.	0
what about it. that 's exactly what I said and I meant every word he thought I might and that was enough and with you two talking behind my back like some jew what do you expect me to say have a nice life .	That’s exactly what I said and I meant every word he thought I could do and that’s enough and what to expect is to say that you’re going to live a good life by talking behind my back like any Jew.	1
http://www.borderwatch.us/ REPORT TO CAMPO , CALIFORNIA FOR DUTY RIGHT AWAY .	HTTP://www.borderwatch.us/ Report on the Campsite, California for DUTY RIGHT AWAY.	0
Some Serbian beings are for example : Bauk , Bukavac , Cikavac , Psoglav ( also in Croatia ) , Stuhać , Sreća , Zduhać , etc. ; Poles had Złota Baba , Karzełek , Boginki , Polevik , etc. ; the Russians had many of their own of course ( Ded Moroz was an evil wizard originally , but was transformed into a `` Santa Claus variant '' by Christians ) ; we Slovenians had Kurent , and we still dress the part and celebrate this every year : Some tribes neighbouring Germanic and Baltic tribes even incorporated Germanic and Baltic gods and creatures .	Some Serbs are, for example: Bauk, Bukavac, Cikavak, Psoglav (also in Croatia), Stuhać, Sreća, Zduhać etc.; the Poles had Złota Baba, Karzełek, Boginki, Polevik, etc.; the Russians had a lot of their own natures (Ded Moroz was a evil master initially, but was transformed into a “Christmas variant” by the Christians); we Slovens had the Kurent, and we continue to take part and celebrate every year: Some neighboring tribes of the German and Baltic tribes even	0
i was being polite as i tend not to write in absolutes .	I was kind because I had a tendency to never write.	0
I 'm 16yrs old and the only person in my family who seems to believe in preservation of our race .	I am 16 years old and I am the only person in my family who seems to believe in the preservation of our race.	0
So far , all I 've see is their Facebook page which has news items and the usual Facebook stuff .	So far, everything I have seen is their Facebook pages, which contains news and common Facebook content.	0
Also , Betty Page 's hair cut may have helped in any oddness .	Even Betty Page’s haircut could have helped with any weirdness.	0
Both the Winchester PDX and the 3 `` 000 Buck would brighten any room , giving visitors the reception they have been looking for !	Both Winchester PDX and 3" 000 Buck will illuminate every room and give visitors the welcome they are looking for!	0
These are the Indians that I know .	These are the Indian people I know.	0
well, looks like we can add another instance of 6 million to this pile , then - the amount of times they have told this story .	Well, we seem to be able to add another six million examples to this stack, and then - the number of times they told this story.	0
Fortunately for Golden Dawn they do n't depend that much on the internet , since they are a grass-roots organization through and through .	Fortunately, for Golden Dawn, they were not too dependent on the internet because they were a grassroots organization.	0
Welcome to Stormfront .	Welcome to the stormfront.	0
As far as im concerned as soon as the little half breed is born , it should be tied round her neck and both mother and mulattoe should be flung in the nearest river.Lets see if daddy jumps in to save them !	As far as I am concerned, once the small half seed is born, it should be around her neck, and both the mother and the swine should flow in the nearest river.	1
Get the strongest pepper spray you can find .	Get the most powerful pepper spray that you can find.	0
( Once saw ad for funeral home on some in a bar ) LOL People dont pay attention but some do notice .	(I once saw a funeral house advertisement in a bar) LOL people don’t pay attention, but some people pay attention.	0
This is like `` wiggers '' .	It’s like ‘wiggers’.	0
I use YouTube a lot and I 've been seeing this phrase all over .	I use YouTube a lot and I’ve seen this phrase everywhere.	0
My life has taken an incredible turn since I last posted in this thread .	My life has taken an incredible turning since I last posted on this thread.	0
With those who 're sincere and genuine Racial Nationalists that 's usually the best .	With those who are honest and authentic racist nationalists who are generally the best.	0
I tried to google but always got links of Children of Bodom metal band .	I tried Google, but I always got links to the metal band of Children of Bodom.	0
Excellent FM , you know the score !	Superb FM, you know the score!	0
College is different because for the most part the high schoolers with attitude problems do n't go .	The university is different because, in most cases, high school students with attitude problems don’t go.	0
Keep it safe and file on paper always he recommended .	Keep it safe and always keep the file on paper he recommends.	0
Can you please give the info on the facts of who the Celts were or direct to where the information is ?	Could you provide information about the facts about who the Celts were, or directly tell us where the information was located?	0
I wonder what it 's going to be like if the Big Chimpout of 2014 really happens .	I wonder how it will be if the 2014 Big Chimpout really happens.	1
You mean half Slavic ( R1a ) and half Illyrian-Celtic ( I2a2 + R1b ) , with Germanic influx ( I1 ) .	You mean the Slavic half (R1a) and the Illyrian-Celtic half (I2a2 + R1b), with the Germanic influx (I1).	0
I think its a great site and very informative	I think this is a good website and very informative.	0
I was traveling today and was informed that the black slaves were trained and educated in the arts of skilled labor .	I was traveling today, and I was told that the black slaves were trained and educated in the art of skilled work.	0
Try www.amazon.com or other book sellers .	Try www.amazon.com or any other book seller.	0
Those you speak of are the very article which started this thread .	What you are talking about is the article that started this topic.	0
Since the other thread is getting to long and bugging out , it 's time to start a new one , I 'll start it off with this ; Preparedness I	As another thread is getting very long, it’s time to start a new one, and I’ll start from this; prepare me	0
I've taken to call myself either `` European '' , `` half-Irish '' , or `` Irish-American '' .	I called myself either “European”, “half-Irish” or “Irish-American”.	0
This is a dynamite site I ran across about a year ago : http://www.geocities.com/yosemite/4466 / It 's about one fellows adventures at Thule Air Base back in the late 60 's .	This is the Dynamite site I went to about a year ago: http://www.geocities.com/yosemite/4466 / It’s about the adventures of a fellow at the Toulouse Air Force Base in the late 1960s.	0
Welcome to my Irish brothers I hope your posts on Irish politics are accepted here ; Ireland is a country I would like to learn more about .	Welcome my Irish brothers, I hope your political posts in Ireland are accepted here; Ireland is one of the countries I would like to know more about.	0
I think George Romero started the whole black hero in horror movies genre .	I think George Romero started all the black hero in the horror film genre.	0
Actually TV can be used wisely by watching some history , discovery , tlc and other stations like that.Of course all sitcoms are wolves dressed in sheeps clothing.By that I mean jewish propaganda masqueraded as `` reality '' , lololo .	In fact, television can be smartly used by watching history, discoveries, TTC, and other stations like this. of course, all citocoms are wolves dressed in sheep. so I mean masking the Jewish propaganda as "reality".	0
they choose isolated houses away from the locals and come and go in cars at night.They don`t invite the neighbours around for a knees up ....	They choose an isolated house far away from the locals and come by car at night.They kneel down and do not invite neighbors around.	0
There is more hope in Austria than normal Greece but I know one guy from it so I can post the news on Monday .	Austria has more hope than ordinary Greece, but I know someone in it so I can post news on Monday.	0
April 2011 ( down on wheels and handling test ) - YouTube Bomber-Bike Project Stage 3 ( Motorrad mit Sternmotor ) - YouTube Bomber - Bike Transmission Stage 4 ( Motorrad mit Sternmotor ) - YouTube	April 2011 (down and operational testing) - YouTube Bomber-Bike Project Stage 3 (Motorrad mit Sternmotor) - Youtube Bomber - Bike Transmission Stage 4 (M Motorrad mitSternmotor). - Youtube	0
???	Is it?	0
Rüütel , sem staddur er hér á landi í opinberri heimsókn ásamt eiginkonu sinni , Indgrid Rüütel , sagði ennfremur að mikill ótti hafi verið við að Sovétríkin beittu landið hervaldi eftir sjálfsstæðisyfirlýsinguna .	Rüütel, sem staddur he here á landi í opinberri heimsókn ásamt eiginkonu sinni, Indgrid Rüüütels, sagði ennfremur að mikill ótti hafi verið við att Sovétríkin beittu landið hervaldi eftir sjálfsstæðisyfirlýsingun.	2
I am looking for a website that will sell and deliver flags to Ireland .	I am looking for a website that sells and delivers flags to Ireland.	0
HIV will do its job. the fags keep searching for a cure but they will never find one because it keeps on changing and mutating. already 60 percent of faggot apes have AIDS and it continues to grow .	HIV does its job.Fag keeps looking for a cure, but never finds one because it continues to change and mutate.Already 60% of the Fagut monkeys have AIDS and it grows	1
The only way to deal with these animals is to give them a one way ticket to their filthy pig god .	The only way to deal with those animals is to give them a one-way ticket to their dirty pig god.	1
Tell us more about yourself .	Let us know more about yourself.	0
This truth applies to other subjects we discuss on this board .	This truth also applies to other topics that we discuss in this board.	0
I 'll see if I can find it and I 'll post it .	I’ll see if I can find it, and I will publish it.	0
Zuul88-My cousin 's an IE Peckerwood , and i 'm a good friends with another , I live over here in san bernardino , send me a pm ?	Zuul88-My cousin's an IE Peckerwood, and I'm a good friend with another, I live over here in San Bernardo, send me a pm?	0
PatrioticMama	Patriotic Mom	0
It has obviously been misunderstood and i would been keen to learn more .	Obviously it was misunderstood and I would like to know more.	0
Has anyone else heard this .	Someone else has heard this.	0
The second largest are in their late teens and early 20s .	The second largest is in their late adolescence and in the early 20s.	0
There are a crap load of people from so cal and a whole bunch just went to a show last weekend .	There were so many, a group of people just went to a show last weekend.	0
Our ancestors went though millions of years of eating meat , if its bloody good enough for them , its good enough for me .	Our ancestors ate meat for millions of years, and if it was bloody enough for them, it would be good enough for me.	0
We must do something .. and soon .	We have to do something, soon.	0
Most of these pictures i have never seen before , great to see new pictures of that time .	Most of these photos I’ve never seen before, it’s great to see new photos.	0
[ 85.362 ] [ 228.275 ] March 28 The NBC TV network airs the Walt Disney 's Wonderful World of Color show , featuring Kilroy , part three .	[85.362 ] [228.275 ] On March 28, NBC TV broadcasts the Wilt Disney's amazing world color show, showing Kilroy, the third part.	0
You should see what my grandma 's hair looked like 50 years ago ...	You need to know how my grandmother’s hair looked 50 years ago...	0
I watched a few minutes of it the other night and felt sick .	I watched it last night for a few minutes and felt hurt.	0
WOW!	Wow is!	0
Erik	Erik is	0
Without explicitly lying , you could claim `` other '' ( europid ) or `` two or more '' ( nordid , atlantid , dinarid and so on ) races .	Without expressly lying, you can claim the race "other" (European) or "two or more" (Nordid, Atlantide, Dinaride, etc.)	0
Always a need to keep the military spear sharp .	It is always necessary to keep the military lance sharp.	0
It has been claimed that the black African invented the stick , but that is a lie .	It was claimed that the black Africans invented the stick, but that’s a lie.	0
You will see much worse things in the future .	You will see a lot worse things in future.	0
Best part ?	And the best part?	0
Hope it 's not a re-post in any way shape or form .	Hopefully it will not be re-published in any form or form.	0
- YouTube	and YouTube.	0
Holla !	Oh ahah!	0
I saw a short video of a couple seconds of it on FOX but it was they did not mention race .	I saw a short video of a few seconds on FOX, but it’s that they didn’t mention the race.	0
88 im looking for a white power female for talk and to hang out if you would like to hang out or talk pm me i live in austin texas.looking for a wp girl any where near austin .88	88 in search of a white power woman to talk and hang if you hang or want to talk pm me I live in austin texas.looking for a wp girl somewhere near austin.88	0
Of course they can take the property of white people for reparations .	Of course they can take white people's property for reparations.	0
Too many internet people know me by looks , and would love to crucify me for something .	Too many people on the Internet know me by appearance, and they would like to be crucified for me.	0
Unfortunately I have n't kept up with this maddening story , but have hate crime charges been filed against these black apes ?	Unfortunately, I didn’t follow this crazy story, but have these black monkeys been charged with hate crime?	1
A news proved my allegation .	The news confirmed my accusation.	0
HIV/AIDS is n't killing them off fast enough .	HIV/AIDS does not kill them quickly enough.	1
Btw, if anyone wants to have their say against the multikulti zombies that read Six Degrees , here 's their forum : http://www.6d.fi/say _ your _ say/	Btw, if someone wants to have their word against the multicultural zombies who read Six Degrees, here is their forum: http://www.6d.fi/say _ your _ say/	0
I will soon post photos of my cats .... 6 of them .	I’m going to post a picture of my cat... six of them.	0
I know something that will really turn them on and that they will absolutely love and is very useful for shutting them up :	I know there’s something that will really keep them open and they’ll definitely love it, which is very useful for the pair to shut them off:	0
You can ignore reality but you cannot ignore the consequences of ignoring reality .	You can ignore reality, but you can not ignore the consequences of ignoring reality.	0
2508	of 508.	0
I think character and social behavior are the most important , and having blond hair and blue eyes are not going to gaurantee these qualities .	I think personality and social behavior are the most important, and having blonde and blue eyes is not a guarantee of these qualities.	0
Medlem af DFUìs bestyrelse .	Member of the Board of Directors of DFU.	2
Why punish him for not being good at math when you could use the football field as one of the tools to help improve his math skills ?	Why do you punish him because he could not use the football field as one of the tools to improve his math skills?	0
Africans in Ireland should be treated like paedophiles .	African people in Ireland should be treated as pedophiles.	1
They ca n't stand toe to toe with the white man so they just dance around until they 're tired .	They don’t walk with the white man, so just dance until they’re tired.	1
Slowly making my way through a Romanian Bible I got for my birthday in July .	Slowly I’m going through a Romanian Bible that I got for my birthday in July.	0
Really?	really really?	0
Seig Heil - Andrew	Next Next post: Seig Heil – Andrew	0
Well I hate to tell that 40k will do a lot to help out the non-Whites .	Well, I hate to say 40k will do a lot to help non-whites.	0
I think that white women who cannot find a suitable white partner for whatever reason should not delay childbearing but should go to a sperm bank and start having white kids .	I think white women who, for some reason, cannot find a suitable white partner should not delay birth, but should go to a sperm bank and start giving white children.	0
Blacks acting uncivilized ?	Black people act uncivilized.	3
www.sjcsf.edu St. Mary 's College of Maryland , St. Mary 's , Md.	www.sjcsf.edu St Mary's College of Maryland, Md.	0
Every time , when i watch these videos , or my friends , mates tells me about it , i always feel bad about , that i have to be here , becouse of the university ...	Every time I see these videos, or my friends, partners tell me about it, I always feel bad about having to be here, out of college...	0
The new town has a population of approx 150 and ( gasp ) skinheads moved into town .	The new town had a population of about 150, and (Gaspa) skinheads moved to the town.	0
Thank you so much for this , one day I hope the next generation is spared from the travesty brought by Public Schools , and private ( Jews can easily fake being Christian ) .	Thank you so much, I hope that one day the next generation will be free from the superstitions brought by public and private schools (the Jews can easily pretend to be Christians).	1
http://www.boston.com/news/local/mas ... orture ? mode = PF	http://www.boston.com/news/local/mas... orture? pattern = PF	0
The best way to prevent Black on White rape is to succeed in our goal of removing them all from white countries .	The best way to prevent white rape is to succeed in our goal to eliminate them all in the white country.	1
The same way they take advantage of the state everywhere else .	In the same way, they benefit the state everywhere.	1
Billy - `` That guy would n't leave me alone , so I gave him the Trudeau salute . ''	Billy - "This man't leave me alone, so I told him Trudeau's greeting."	0
I had never even heard of Stormfront until the night I found it and joined .	I never heard about Stormfront until I discovered it and joined it.	0
http://www.youtube.com/watch ? v = 9nehhqHltaE & feature = player _ embedded ca n't w8 for it ...	http://www.youtube.com/watch? v=9nehhqHltaE & function = player _ ca nt w8 inserted for it...	0
These UPA-American scums are welcome to stop by my house I have a surprise Sorry I 'm not in Donetsk yet , just matter of time `` https : //www.facebook.com/TruthfromUkraine ? fref = photo	These UPA-American spams have a surprise for me at my home Unfortunately I’m not in Donetsk yet, it’s a matter of time `` https : //www.facebook.com/Truthfrom Ukraine? fref = photo	0
www.natvan.com	from www.natva.com	0
I wonder if Eddie has security guards present during his concerts or if he just relies on the overwhelming good will of the universe to keep him safe from the thousands upon thousands of screaming fans ?	I wonder if Eddie has a security guard in his concert, or is he just relying on the great goodwill of the universe to protect him from thousands of screaming fans?	0
For White students the test starts at - 40 % , passing score 99 % .	For white students, the exam starts at -40%, passing the score of 99%.	3
The only thing manipulated here are the minds of few foreigners , who reckon they can live amongest superiour , pagan blood .	The only thing that is manipulated here are the minds of a few strangers, who believe they can live in the midst of their superiors, of pagan blood.	1
It does indeed look like a strange thing to do .	It really looks like something strange to do.	0
FreedomRanger-I live out in CA now but was actually going to West Virginia sometime probably too ( hopefully soon but by the end of this next year almost 100 % sure ) , the charleston area , send me a pm ? sikgirl88-I live a city over ... san bernardino ( -. - heard it enough yet ? ) , send me a pm ?	FreedomRanger- I now live in CA, but actually want to go to West Virginia some time too ( hopefully soon, but by the end of next year almost 100% certain), Charleston area, send me a pm? sikgirl88- I live in a city over... San Bernardino ( -. - Hear it enough? ), send me an pm?	0
Thank you sir !	Thanks you sir!	0
ImageShack ® - Online Photo and Video Hosting TinyPic - Free Image Hosting , Photo Sharing & Video Hosting Image hosting , free photo sharing & video sharing at Photobucket	ImageShack® - Online Photo & Video Hosting TinyPic - Free Image Hosting, Photo Sharing & Video hosting, Free Photo and Video Sharing at Photobucket	0
Let 's hope it stays and the New Year brings in more people like this great man .	I hope that it will continue, and the New Year will bring more people like this great man.	0
Yes, there some real GOOD places to live .	Yes, there are a few really good places to live.	0
Those who are not in agreement with anything that they see here are invited to say so - and provide us with the alternative .	Those who do not agree with what they see here are invited to say that and offer us alternatives.	0
Like cats for example .	Like the cats, for example.	0
I think you should write a book as well .	I think you should also write a book.	0
Video Center - KOLD News 13 ^ ^ ^ Click link for video . Here 's what the Vekol Valley looks like , south of Interstate 8 , 10-miles west of where HWY 84 intersects .	Here's what the Vekol Valley looks like, south of Interstate 8, 10 miles west of where HWY 84 intersects.	0
I guess it 's official then , nothing on this planet is k-proof ...	I guess it’s official, so there’s nothing on this planet that’s K evidence...	0
Driving Virtual Adventure !	Take a virtual adventure!	0
I was reading news on interia few min ago and look what i found : in the name of their god : http://fakty.interia.pl/galerie/obyc ... , 1160979,1,275	I read the interior news a few minutes ago and saw what I found: in the name of their god: http://fakty.interia.pl/galerie/obyc..., 1160979, 1,275	0
I out lasted them because I follow SF rules .	I did this because I followed the rules of the SF.	0
This is a thread I created a while ago .	This is a thread that I recently created.	0
I will probably be there most of today to see if anyone comes .	I’ll probably be here most of the time to see if someone comes.	0
They need to give them mandatory DNA tests and kick them all out of France .	They need to give them a compulsory DNA test and deport them all out of France.	1
www.hsc.edu Hillsdale College , Hillsdale , Mich.	www.hsc.edu College of Hillsdale, Hillsdales, Michigan	0
And changing a word or phrase to something that seems less confrontational does nothing to help those of us that are victims of anti-whites .	Changing a word or phrase to something that seems less contradictory will not help those who are anti-white victims.	0
Negro Parolee Strangles Elderly White Couple In Their Home , Suspected In Another Murder ...	Negro Parolee beats older white couple in her home, suspected of another murder.	0
I wonder why the Jewish Media always pretends that all the blood thirsty third world savages are victims and it is all Whitey 's fault ?	Why are the Jewish media always pretending that all the bloodthirsty third world barbarians are victims, and that it’s all white’s fault?	1
I have a lot of albums that were left in the house that I bought from my grandfather 's estate after he passed away .	I have a lot of albums left in the house I bought from my grandfather's property after my grandmother's death.	0
The WACPG 's focus is to shed light on how backwards we have become over affirmative action and allowing black established programs to grow and prosper while closing anything that benefits White Americans .	The focus of the WACPG is on revealing how we are lagging behind in affirming action and allowing blacks to build plans for growth and prosperity while shutting down anything that favors white Americans.	0
I am to help in anyway i can .	I will help you in any way I can.	0
Do n't let that poor kid die in vain while we still draw air	Don't let this poor child die in vain while we're still making air.	0
Many Jews were in the Red Army so many wanted the opportunity to rape and murder whites under the guise of war .	Many Jews were in the Red Army, so many wanted the opportunity to rape and kill white people under the face of war.	1
if the expected war happens we better not put pride in charge of any units where navigating skills are required then .	If the expected war occurs, it is better not to be responsible for any unit that needs navigation skills.	0
My mom says I ca n't play here any more if you 're not jewish . "	My mother says that if you are not a Jew, you can’t play here anymore.	0
I am 33 and I have never ever gotten to first base here .	I'm 33 and I've never got to the first base here.	0
No, they are the fastest land animal on this continent , so I think they are simply testing their speed .	No, they are the fastest land animals on the continent, so I think they’re just testing their speed.	0
Later after thousands of rounds of experience , move up to a larger rifle and pistol .	After thousands of experiences, move on to larger rifles and pistols.	0
The sexual references are there .	Sexual reference is there.	0
There was a crooked man who walked a crooked mile , he kept a crooked cat in a crooked house for style , he gave a crooked smile in a crooked-minded way , to anyone who suffered on this atrabilious day .	There was a curved man walking a mile, and he laid his cat in a curvature house for style, giving a curvy smile to all who suffered on this enchanting day.	0
PLEASE , if you are interested in this position , make the poster provide you with more info before revealing anything about yourself .	If you are interested in this location, make sure the poster gives you more information before it reveals anything about yourself.	0
Meanwhile those nonwhites continue to breed even as their nonwhite societies continue to inflict their harsh uncivilized nonwhite culture on us .	Meanwhile, these non-whites continue to reproduce themselves, even though their non-White societies continue to impose on us their strict and uncivilized non- Whites culture.	1
A man in charge of an organization that is so hated like the KKK should have been more careful .	A leader of a hated organization like the KKK should be more careful.	0
Studying things for ourselves may prove to be just as effective as sitting in classes .	Studying things for ourselves can be as effective as sitting in class.	0
Hey i live over in smithfield. i lived in newport news off jefferson and mercury .	Hey I live over in smithfield. I have lived in the news newport off jefferson and mercury.	0
If there are , they hide or do n't know Stormfront .	If they are there, they will hide or not know the Stormfront.	0
Hey thanks for the friendly welcome !	Thank you for your friendly welcome!	0
Arab militaries are incompetent .	The Arab military is incompetent.	1
You may want to cut down on the milk too if you watch this .	You may also want to cut on milk, if you look at this.	0
Is there any good White pride music that is n't just annoying screaming and bad metal ?	Is there anything good white pride music, that’s not just boring screams and bad metals?	0
There are entire towns in various parts of Texas I have heard that will kindly show black folks right back the way they came from .	There’s a whole city in many parts of Texas I’ve heard that I’d kindly show the black people how they came.	0
How 's it going ?	How does it go?	0
can u guys check to make sure ur site work with Linux lots of Linux folks use Konqueror. just a thought	can u people check to make sure that the ur site works with Linux, many Linux people use Konqueror.	0
Responding to edit comment .	Reply to comment.	0
I agree .	We agree.	0
A paper plate .	A plate of paper.	0
I have green eyes as well , but mine have a blue ring around the outside .	I also have green eyes, but my eyes have a blue ring on the outside.	0
This guy is pretty cool going around and exposing fake SEALS .	This man is pretty cool to go around and uncover false seals.	0
What then ?	So what then?	0
Where a white woman can go about in public and not fear assault by muds .	Where a white woman can walk in public and not be afraid of the aggression by the mud.	1
Black father , White mother , half breed teenage son .	A black father, a white mother, a half-adolescent son.	0
I knew someone would post this actually this is very untrue actually there is many scenes that depicts black people being beaten up by whites you just have to know where to look	I knew somebody was actually going to post this, and this fact is very inaccurate.In fact, there are many scenes that depict black people being beaten by whites.	0
Thanks for the share .	Thank you for your share.	0
Lars Andersen simply must be cast as an Elf by Peter Jackson in new Hobbit Lord Of The Rings movies .	Lars Andersen will be played as Peter Jackson’s Elf in The Lord of the Rings.	0
It 's common in the schools here !	This is common in schools.	0
`` Hunter '' sounds good too .	The “hunting” sounds as well.	0
The best thing about Thursday fest recently is the home made ice cream they make in front of you with liquid nitrogen !!!	The best thing about Thursday’s party recently was the homemade ice cream they made with liquid nitrogen in front of you!!!	0
http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/africa/8130746.stm	HTTP://news.bbc.co.uk / 2 / Africa / 8130746.stm	0
Well of course not , hell , my glock 40 9mils can hit a penny at a mile if I hold ' em sideways !	Well, of course, no, unfortunately, my 40 9mils bell can hit a penny to a mile if I keep 'em side by side	0
It is just outstanding .	It is simply outstanding.	0
I'd rather do that than just pack up and leave my country .	I would rather pack up than leave my country.	0
It's really not our faith of choice that matters , It 's the dedication to our race which is where we are made or lost .	It’s not really our faith of choice that matters, it’s our devotion to our race that’s where we’re made or lost.	0
They do n't like cold weather that much either i hear ! , so that would explain Iceland 's purity.Lets hope global warming is not for real so !	They don’t like the cold weather that I’ve heard a lot!, so I’d explain Iceland’s purity.I hope global warming isn’t real!	0
How great they think it is to have a mixed child .	They think how great it is to have mixed children.	3
Most of the time they are quiets sheep who want to intergrate but their children makes a new generations of thugs and prostitute .	Most of the time, they were quiet sheep, and they wanted to interact, but their children created a new generation of gangsters and prostitutes.	1
wwwfaem.com	The website www.faem.	0
It 's going viral on Youtube - warning the lesbian ' groid gets aggressive on the whites for whatever reason : YouTube - Video Caught On Tape Lesbian Or Young Man Going Wild On BART Train In Oakland !	It’s becoming viral on Youtube – warning that the lesbian “Groid” is becoming aggressive to the whites for some reason : YouTube – video on the tape caught lesbian or young man on the BART train in Oakland	1
Still , this person is intelligent enough to see the facts and include a lot of disappointing news from that country .	Still, this person is smart enough to see the facts, and contains many disappointing news from the country.	0
One sign that you are living in a small town must be when your local library only has one book about Nordic languages , 50 pages thin and published in 1942 .	One sign that you live in a small town is that your local library only has a book on the Nordic language, 50 pages thin, published in 1942.	0
You went there .	You go there.	0
a nice kick to the nuts will always work I find it a dirty move to kick another man in the knackers but after all .. a black does n't equate to the same standard	A nice kick on the nails will always work, I find it a dirty movement to crush another man into the crackers, but finally... a black is not the same as the	1
All four suspects are being held without bond in the Moore County Jail .	All four suspects are detained in Moore County prison.	0
Since they are just little kids i do n't want to be rude , but how ugly is the black kid compared to the others ? it 's not even adorable , it 's kinda scary lol	I don’t want to be rude because they’re just little kids, but how ugly are black kids compared to other kids?	1
Well I 'm in the vicinity , anyone up for a chat ?	Well, I’m nearby, someone for a chat?	0
A Spiritual Transfiguration that will change Everything !	A spiritual transformation that changes everything!	0
I hope their is some sort off protest about this	I hope there is a bit of protest on this.	0
As if Jews are the only enemies with a good set of brains .	It seems like the Jews are the only enemy with a good brain.	0
I could almost see myself in that video ...	I almost could see myself in this video.	0
Any hits or misses from the last school year ?	Do you have any successes or failures in the last year of school?	0
The comment I made was about the fact that Everton 's nickname is the Black Watch .	The comments I made were about the fact that Everton’s nickname is the Black Watch.	0
Holding up signs that say `` God hates fags '' is a bit much .	Raise the sign “God Hates Fags” is a little bit.	0
All that the DNA test will prove is that you are still a mongrel .	All DNA tests will prove that you are still a Mongolian.	0
Remington 700 sps tactical	REMINGTON 700 SPS	0
Irish pupils are getting less teacher time too because they 're so busy helping the immigrant chrildren get up to date .	Irish students have less teaching time as well because they are so busy helping chrildren migrants reach the date.	0
Seems like a great idea to promote our cause .	It looks like a good idea to promote our work.	0
Even a child has enough muscle to pull a trigger or cut flesh .	Even a child has enough muscles to pull the trigger or cut meat.	0
I can get a ride to see you some time this summer if that is cool i need to get up with someone in NJ as it is his name is HAL i have talk to him but i want to meet him so when i go to see him I can stop to see you if that is ok	I can make a trip to see you a little this summer if it’s cool I have to get up with someone in NJ because it was his name is HAL I’ve talked to him but I want to meet him so when I’m going to see him I can stop seeing you if that’s ok	0
Among black women , abortions out number live births by three to two .	Among black women, the number of abortions is three to two.	0
If they 're not related , they 're not all Slavs .	If they don’t have relationships, they’re not all slaves.	0
You also need to avoid anything Soya .	You should also avoid all soybeans.	0
A beautiful and very proper Czech Christmas song featuring the great Marta Kubisova who was silenced for standing up to communists in 1971 .	A beautiful and very suitable Czech Christmas song with the great Marta Kubisova, which was thrown down in 1971 for the rise of the Communists.	0
This is why I need something else then that .	That’s why we need something else after that.	0
So contributing and participating in any way to opportunities to instill pride in White ethnic heritage and even White American ethnic heritage will go a long way in helping them recognize what is being taken away .	Consequently, contributing and participating in any way to the opportunity to raise pride to the White National Heritage and the White American National heritage is a way that helps to realize what they are being taken away.	0
Most weeks I see him 2 whole days and 1 or 2 nights per week I drive over and take him out to do something	For most weeks I see him 2 days and 1 or 2 nights a week I drive and go out and do something.	0
Blacks Will Lose Race War - YouTube	Black people will lose the racial war - YouTube	0
Rap is an acronym for Retards Attempting Poetry .	Rap is the abbreviation of Retards Attempting poetry.	3
Im on youtube trying to find it right now .	I’m trying to find it on YouTube right now.	0
well what about WWI and the Armenian Genocide which the following video says was instigated by International jewish cabal : http://www.youtube.com/watch ? v = ttjNZ ... eature = related	So what about the First World War and the Armenian Massacre incited by the International Jewish Cabal in the following video: http://www.youtube.com/watch? v = ttjNZ... eature = related	0
I wonder if many blacks or Asians have died in a similar circumstances .	I wonder if there were many blacks or Asians who died in similar circumstances.	0
With the help of God we will be congratulating an Irish WN Party on their election success in the not so distant future .	With God’s help, we will congratulate the Irish WN Party for its election success in the not too distant future.	0
Thats exactly what he means and what they are doing , it has happened to every white nation and we are no different .	It’s what he means and what they do, it’s happened to all white people and we’re no different.	0
But the truth is he needs a boot party and take our flag back thank you very much .	But the truth is that he needs a boot party and to get our flag back.	0
Most Nationalists here at Stormfront side with the Axis being they were Nationalists as well whereas the Allied nations were all in some form cultural Marxists .	Most nationalists here stand on the side of the storm front, the axis being that they are also nationalists, and the allies are, to some extent, cultural Marxists.	0
Don't you know the Jews see a picture like this and laugh their asses off while patting each other on the back .	Do you not know that the Jews see this image and laugh at their ass while they turn their back to each other?	0
Unless the aliens were simply humans from another planet you would never get used to them , stop lying .	Unless aliens are just people from another planet, you’ll never get used to them and stop lying.	0
At least the NS in Sweden have the right idea and are something that Americans should look towards .	At least the Swedish NS has the right idea, and is something Americans should pay attention to.	0
I have n't been to a gun show in years .	I have not been in a weapons show for years.	0
hi. i live in florida. dont worry i dont have a boyfriend. not that no one will ask me out , but they are all * * * * * * lovers .	Hi, I live in Florida. don't worry, I have no boyfriend. no one will ask me. but they're all lovers.	0
And there 's no need for a video game , just pack concealed carry and walk around any major US city after dark .	And there is no need for video games, just pack a hidden package and walk through any major American cities after darkness.	0
And I like the idea .	I like this idea.	0
last one for the night here , as i 'm durn tired. its 11x17 format - here in jpeg and pdf. get flyering !	The last one, I was tired of spending the night here. Its 11x17 format - here in jpeg and pdf. get flyering!	0
Because they a vile plague on all of mankind that no one really likes .	Because they are a cruel disaster for all mankind that nobody really likes.	1
I live in Argentina ... forgotten white country in the southernmost tip of S. America .	I live in Argentina... the forgotten white country at the southernmost end of South America.	0
Every time you see or hear about a British politician fawning over Israel just remember that country was founded by terrorists who killed British soldiers and policemen - www.thetruthseeker.co.uk/ ? p = 119398	Every time you see or hear a British politician striking over Israel, just remember that the country was founded by terrorists who killed British soldiers and police officers - www.thetruthseeker.co	0
It is just starting to happen in Riga .	It just started happening in Riga.	0
That mud is certainly not Swedish Try something like this : They are the misses of Norway , both White and beautiful Brian	The mud is definitely not Swedish try this: they are Norwegian Miss, White and Beautiful.	0
That is the very definition of genocide .	That's the definition of genocide.	0
The PLE that I join will be centered on MUSIC .	The PLE I’m going to join will focus on music.	0
Jesse Matthew Jr. , 32 , was arrested near Galveston , Texas , last week and charged with abduction with intent to defile in connection with the disappearance of Hannah Graham , 18 , who is still missing .	Jesse Matthew Jr., 32, was arrested near Galveston, Texas last week and charged with kidnapping for dirt purposes in connection with the disappearance of 18-year-old Hannah Graham.	0
She does this two or three times a week .	She does this 2-3 times a week.	0
A few years back my son had a English teacher that was from south America that couldnt hardly speak english yet she was teaching it	A few years ago, my son had an English teacher from South America who was hardly able to speak English, but she was teaching it.	0
We just recently visited a relative in London .. Lord god , 2011 London is nothing like the 1950 's London I spent holidays in as a wee kid .	Lord God, 2011 London is not like the 1950s London where I spent my holidays as a little boy.	0
I believe this was because I broke with my fear and finally got honest with myself .	I think this is because I broke my fears and finally became honest with myself.	0
Is this the one who broke out of six different concentration camps as a child and swam 200 miles upstream in the icy Danube River ?	Was this guy who swam over 200 miles of the frozen Danube River when he was a kid, escaping from six different concentration camps?	0
Indeed, now they just need to feed themselves , educate themselves , police themselves ad nauseum ......	In fact, now they only have to feed, educate, and police themselves ad nauseum.	1
This is from the archive of Stormfront 's Advance Scout forum , which is solely devoted to the organizing strategy of PLE-Legionism .	This is just from the archives of the Advance Scout forum at Stormfront, dedicated to the organizational strategy of PLE-Legionism.	0
im 27 live in manchvagas n.h. my x girl was suposed to go and we broke up at x mass and i missed the show last yr. but not this yr. so if your a cute white women into boston oi e mail me hammerfist@attbi.com	I 27 living in manchvagas n.h. my daughter x was supposed to leave and we split up at x mass and I missed the show last year. but not this year. so if your one pretty white woman in boston oi e mail me hammerfist@attbi.com	0
Hope to talk to you later .	I hope I can talk to you later.	0
That is great .	This is great.	0
But neither is the Ku Klux Klan or Any group or organization that is openly pro white or even suspected of being pro white , like the tea parties .	However, it is not a Ku Klux Klan or any group or organization that publicly supports the white or even advocates the white, such as the tea party.	0
TV 4 is controlled by Jewish Bonnier ( Hirschel ) family .	TV 4 is controlled by the Jewish family of Bonnier (Hirschel).	3
the town where i live you could probably get away with it i have had mine on a few times and never had a problem	the city I live in, you could probably get out with it I’ve had me several times and never had a problem	0
Getting to the heart of a matter works as well .	It also works to get to the center of things.	0
Thank you for posting this .	Thank you for publishing this.	0
We ca n't have an all White clothing company but Negro 's can have all-black companies like FUBU , etc ... sigh .	We don’t have all white clothing companies, but Negro’s may have all black companies like FUBU and so on.	0
But Ulster Scot as far back as I know .	But Ulster Scott, as far as I know him.	0
All the jews I have ever known will do anything for money , and all I can say is there are no good jews	The Jews I know will do anything for money, and the only thing I can say is that there are no good Jews.	1
Few pics taken this summer ...	Some of the pictures I took this summer...	0
Israel 3rd Worldwide in ' Millionaire Growth ' in 2009 - Finances & Business - Israel News - Israel National News	Israel ranked 3rd in the world in 'Millionaire Growth' in 2009 - Finance and Business - Iceland News - Israel National	0
2.0 ) * Does contain alot of profanity , so you have been forewarned *	2.0) * It contains alot of profanity so you are warned *	0
The video was both chilling and exciting ...	The video is both cool and exciting.	0
Agreed! rep will have to wait though .. Cheap money , massive bailouts of crony banksters , manipulated employment figures , etc , etc , ..	Rep will, however, have to wait.. cheap money, massive rescue from chronic banks, manipulated employment numbers, etc, etc.	0
I would give anything to live back in those times , 6 beautiful years .	I want to give anything to live that time, six wonderful years.	0
Switzerland pay 700 millions $ each year for refugees !!!	Switzerland pays $700 million per year for refugees!!!	0
The churches in my city are full of liberal school teachers .	My church is full of liberal school teachers.	0
They are pretty nice looking and most important of them all is that they name the Jew .	They look very cute and the most important of them is that they call the Jews.	0
Help keep this case alive	Help keep the case alive.	0
So we have ox-driven ambulances in Zimbabwe and donkey powered police in South Africa ...	So we have a goat-driven ambulance in Zimbabwe and a police driven in South Africa.	3
No, I must have two or three kids and teach them to be racially-aware .	No, I have to have two or three children and teach them about racial consciousness.	0
For example , Wends had Woda ( Odin ) , Balduri ( Baldr ) , Hela ( Hel ) ; Percunatele ( Mother of Perun , from Baltic Mother of Perkunas ) ; we Slovenians had Parkelj ( Krampus ) , Pehta ( Pechtra ) , etc .	For example, Wends had Woda (Odin), Balduri (Baldr), Hela (Hel); Percunatele (the mother of Peru, the mother of Perkunas in the Baltic); and we Slovenians had Parkelj (Krampus), Pehta (Pechtra) and so on.	0
I think this is the video I was talking about earlier , make 's me grateful for our ' micro-ghettos `` out here.This guy keeps driving for miles and miles .	I think this is the video I’ve talked about before, this guy continues to drive miles and miles.	0
My uncle recommended SF to me after I told him how fed up I was with the Russian , Polish , African , and especially the Muslim ! i immigrants in England ...	My uncle recommended SF to me after telling me how tired I am with Russia, Poland, Africa, and especially Muslims!	0
Visited three different stores today , all had it in stock .	Today I visited three different shops, all of which had it in stock.	0
We attended a large Halloween party at a local church .	We took part in a big Halloween party in a local church.	0
I can go on forever talking about how to protect White Europe but everyone on stormfront knows my mentality already .	I can talk about how to protect the White Europe forever, but everyone on the storm front knows my mind already.	0
Theres an old style weapon called a monkeys claw/fist that seamen would make from rope and lead shot .	There was an old weapon called a monkey’s fist that the sailors made of a rope and a lead shot.	0
In fact , it looks like almost a dozen black bears have been euthanized all over western Montana due to illegal feeding . Grizzly bear relocated in NW Montana | KRTV.com | Great Falls , Montana	In fact, it seems that a dozen black bears over the west of Montana have been euthanized due to illegal food.	0
Tatars that I see on the streets of my town look more European than Osttruppen for example .	The Tatars I see on the streets of my city look more European than the Eastern troops, for example.	0
Hoping she recovers and has learned an important lesson .	I hope he will recover and have learned a great lesson.	0
It has a Camp for fathers and sons , called the `` Call to Chivalry '' .	It has a field for parents and children, called the “Call to Chivalry”.	0
Gyspsies !	The Gyspheres!	0
Okay so if I go by that logic means you 're willing to give up that piece of land ...	Well, if I go through this logic, that means that you are ready to give up this piece of land...	0
They bred with inferiors creating these mongrels	They grew up with the disadvantaged and created these Mongols.	1
Normal hair is no fun Braveheart .... Nature intended us to be white , having normal color hair was just an eXtra .	Normal hair is not fun for the brave heart... The purpose of nature is that we are white and have normal hair color is just an extra.	0
Although , the water gun had already been invented , so IMO its dumb to call it an `` invention '' . super soaker inventor - YouTube	Although the water pistol has already been invented, IMO is stupidly called it “invention.”	0
It IS our business when you are making territorial claims on Bulgarian land and claiming a part of Bulgarian history as yours .	It is our business when you claim territory to the territory of Bulgaria and claim part of the history of Bulgaria as yours.	0
Don't that just suck ??	Is it not a suck?	0
We 'll find out tonight .	This evening we will find out.	0
I do n't dare to look at them !	I don't dare to watch them!	0
Going next year does n't sound half bad ..	The next year doesn’t sound bad.	0
Anti-White S.O.B. ` s ?	The anti-white S.O.B’s	0
I wish it would come back	I hope it will come back.	0
Every Hispanic I have known is terrified of dogs and do n't like cats either .	All the Hispanics I know are afraid of dogs and don’t like cats either.	0
Theres an aborigional day , black pride month .	There is an aboriginal day, a month of black pride.	0
When I was young , gun shows were just that .	When I was young, the gun show was all that.	0
Most comments are quite favorable to fiercely favorable .	Most of the comments are rather favorable to very favorable.	0
I shall live by these 10 rules for the rest of my life as if they where the word of god .	I will live by these ten rules all my life, as if they were the Word of God.	0
Nancy Grace has had no other news but this for weeks .	Nancy Grace has not had any other news for weeks except this.	0
Is there anything out there ?	Is there something there out there?	0
Breaks my heart and boils my blood .	It broke my heart and boiled my blood.	0
The heart of the sunrise .	The heart of sunset.	0
It would be nice to see Negro leaders like that take charge and lead their people home .	It would be good to see black leaders take responsibility and take people home.	0
Are there any normal people left ?	Is there any normal person left?	0
I would also tell you to hang in there .	I suggest you hang there too.	0
What about peanut butter ?	What about Bean Butter?	0
After the party and kid 's games , there were two dozen little `` houses '' set up in the parking lot for trunk-or-treat candy for the kids .	After the parties and children's games, twenty small "houses" were set up on the parking lot to provide the children with cards or candy.	0
Africa is a hole area of natural resources and only made mud huts from it ... what wild life are able to make even better huts ie birds	Africa is a natural resource hole area and only mud huts have been made out of it... what wildlife are able to make huts even better is	1
Yea that will work .	Yes it will work.	0
Yeah that would be great if you could make it out .	Yes, it would be great if you could.	0
I actually saw it .	I have actually seen it.	0
Indeed.	indeed is.	0
TAKE COVER SOON JAPAN NUCLEAR EXPLOSION GLOBAL DISASTER FUKUSHIMA YouTube - JAPAN NUCLEAR EXPLOSION GLOBAL DISASTER FUKUSHIMA I received this image in an email this morning .	Cover Japan nuclear explosion Global disaster Fukushima YouTube - Japan nuclear disaster Global explosion FUKUSHIMA received this photo by email this morning.	0
If that stopped the worthless thing would starve !	If it is stopped, the worthless will die of hunger!	1
well here we have it a white european team against a latin american team. we have done so well so far. that a white team has come this far is being considered as incredible by some. but since the next games are in germany2006 would n't it be wonderful if a northern european team won this !!! already i have read about german superiority rascist remarks. pamela leighas pallessen-scherehart	Here we have a white European team for the Latin American team. We’ve done so well so far. The fact that the white team has come to this degree is considered amazing by some. But when the next game was in Germany2006 it’s not a surprise if the North European team won this!!!	0
[ First in the world ] We were not afraid to stand up against Soviet terror , to this I take great pride as you all see The larger article in itself you may find here : http://www.mbl.is/mm/frettir/innlent ... ml ? nid = 1083256	[First in the world] We were not afraid to fight the Soviet terror, and as you can see I am very proud of this, a larger article can be found here: http://www.mbl.is/mm/frettir/innlent... ml? nid = 1083256	0
I accidentally pushed some button , I do n't know which .	I pressed the button, but I don’t know which button.	0
The Klan is the greatest thing to happen to this country and it will take this country back once again .	The Klan is the biggest event that will happen in this country, and it will take the country back.	0
Negroids could n't put together a bake sale properly much less a work force .	The blacks could not properly assemble a bakery sale, let alone a workforce.	1
Does anyone have that video of black gang attacking a white teenagers in front of his house and then a black gang of females attack his mother for trying to protect her son .	Did anyone see a video of a gang assaulting a white teenager in front of his home and then a gang woman assailing his mother as they tried to protect her son?	0
All i have to say is none of this crap that is happening in the world is going to change unless people on a large scale actually stand up and say no we have had enough and drag the scum in the streets and deal with them in a most violent way .	What I have to say is that this shit that’s happening in the world won’t change unless large-scale people actually get up and say we don’t have enough, pull the shit out of the street and deal with it in the most violent way.	1
Such as a person with one arm , wheel chair ect .	Like a person with a arm, wheelchair, etc.	0
Till now yellow has been happy to ride the minority tide .	Until now, Yellow was pleased to drive the minority Tide.	0
I remember my first job was in a window factory and I was one of the few whites working there .	I remember my first job was at a window factory and I was one of the few white people who worked there.	0
Looking forward to it !	We are waiting for it!	0
The supposed trauma of a fictional event passes on thru generations but the genocide of our people is met with mass apathy .	The hypothetical trauma of a fictional event has spread through generations, but the genocide of our people has suffered on a massive scale.	0
He far excelled Anatoly Karpov and Garry Kasparov .	He greatly exceled Anatoly Karpov and Gary Kasparov.	0
Ordered a copy the other day , cannot wait to settle down for a good read in front of the fire here .	Order a copy another day, and can’t wait to settle here in front of the fire to read well.	0
My Spanish teacher told us Hispanic just means Spanish speaking , and she is white so i dont know why she would lie about it .	My Spanish teacher told us that Hispanic only means speaking Spanish, and she’s white, so I don’t know why I’d lie about it.	0
Hopefully they will leave YT alone and just deal with the Nigerians when they start chimping out in the streets .	The hope is that they will leave YT alone and deal with the Nigerian people when they start out on the street.	1
I know , how Tatars look like - I see them almost every day on the streets .	I know what the Tatars look like – I see them on the streets almost every day.	0
WHITE POWER !	The White Power!	0
KKK - ku klux klan 33/6 - Thirty-three is 3 times 11 .	KKK – ku klux klan 33/6 – Thirty-three is three times 11.	0
Parents should take care of their children ...	Parents should care for their children.	0
You sound like an intelligent person but how can you say that we need to remove race from our message when that is our message .	You sound like a smart person, but how can we say that when it’s our message, we should remove race from our message?	0
Japan NUCLEAR REACTOR - RADIOACTIVE STEAM ON VIDEO - 3/11/11 UPDATE 1pm CST -- NOT GOOD !	Japan Nuclear Power Plant - Radioactive Radiation on Video - 3/11/11 Update 1pm CST - Not Good!	0
Be safe .	be safer.	0
You need to wish them well and get on with your life , start a family of your own , that 's coming from someone who is working on the second part of what I told ya !	You need to start your own family and continue your life hoping for them good, it comes from someone who is working on the second part of what I said!	0
At the beginning of the movie they show that huge group mating scene where they line up the men and women .	At the beginning of the film, they show the scene of the enormous group meeting, where they combine men and women together.	0
Teacher caught selling drugs at school .	A student was arrested for selling drugs at the school.	0
- Karl	by Karl.	0
Our task is to brainwash them ( in the literal meaning of the word ) so that they come home where they belong .	Our task is to brainwash them (in the literal sense) so that they get back to where they belong.	0
Israely Zionist indeed prepeared the Georgian attack .	The Israeli Zionists were actually preparing an attack on Georgia.	1
They were talking about this on another thread and the first choices were for Coke and Taco Bell .	They were talking about this in another trade, but the first choice was Cork and Taco Bell.	0
The census results will be released next year .	The results of the census will be published next year.	0
This post by Jack boot and the piece by Marc Moran , are very inspiring .	This post by Jack Boot and the work of Marc Moran is very inspiring.	0
Nobody on here ' idolizes the IRA ' .	There is no one here who “worships the IRA.”	0
Please e-mail or IM me .	Please send me an email or to me.	0
ingratiate Main Entry : in · gra · ti · ate Pronunciation : in- ' grA-shE- `` At Function : transitive verb Inflected Form ( s ) : - at · ed ; - at · ing Etymology : 2in - + Latin gratia grace : to gain favor or favorable acceptance for by deliberate effort -- usually used with with < ingratiate themselves with the community leaders -- William Attwood > - in · gra · ti · a · tion /- '' grA-shE- ' A-sh & n / noun - in · gra · tia · to · ry /- ' grA-sh ( E- ) & - `` tOr-E , - '' tor -/ adjective	Inflate Main entry: in · gra · ti · ate Pronunciation: in-'grA-shE- `` At function: excessive sentence Inflected Form (s) : - at · ed ; - at • ing Ethics: 2in - + Latin gratia grace: to obtain favorable or favourable acceptance through intentional effort - generally used with < feeling proud with community leaders - William Attwood > - in · gre · t · a · tion /- ''grA - shE-'' A-sh & n / noun - in· gra · tia · to · ry / 'gr- A- sh ( E- ) & - `` tOr-E	0
The only problem is that Jews were not destroyed by themselves or any one else .	The only problem is that Jewish people were not destroyed by themselves or by anyone else.	0
Listening to Matt Coper this evening tried to do some digging around on the above story and this is all I could find `` More PC Rubbish '' http://www.veritas.ie/App_User_Files...rticle%201.jpg	This evening I heard Matt Coper trying to do some mining in the above story, that’s what I can find “more PC Rubbish ” http://www.veritas.ie/App_User_Files...rticle%201.jpg	0
Wow!	Wow wow!	0
You know , wheat and corn grow pretty fast .	Corn and wheat grow very fast.	0
Careful what you laugh at .	Be careful about what you laugh.	0
II .	2.	2
Is it a competition on TV to get the most alien looking black and to put them with a white woman ?	Is it a competition on TV to make most aliens look black and put them with white women?	0
One young Pakistani youth can be seen joyfully celebrating by standing on the roof of a bus !!!	You can see a young Pakistani young man standing on the roof of the bus and joyfully celebrating!!!	0
Where in South Jesery are you ?	Where are you in the south?	0
The murder remains unpunished .	Murder has not yet been punished.	0
Exactly.	More specifically.	0
Please keep seeding .	Please continue to grow.	0
I think its #3 - culture Many young black males grow up fatherless .	I think it's #3 - the culture of many young black men grow up without a father.	0
Don't bother arguing with your teachers , just pretend to go along with what they are saying .	Don’t bother to argue with your teacher, but pretend to match what they say.	0
Although it might freak out the government .. lol My favorite part of St. Augustine Florida .. Is the old city walls .	Although it may scare the government.. lol My favorite part of St. Augustine in Florida.. is the walls of the old town.	0
I think it 's because whites see Asians to be most like us of any other race .	I think it’s because white people think Asians are more like us than any other race.	0
Sick	sickness	0
They have caused their own hate from the nations by their hate for everyone else .	They have brought their own hatred out of the nations through their hatred of all others.	1
You have to admit that they look like a scrawny desert chicken hence my use of that name over Roadrunner .	You have to admit that they look like a wild chicken, so I used this name on Roadrunner.	0
As northern Ireland falls under our rule we have more right to be here than a plastic paddy from america so kindly crawl back under your rock .	When Northern Ireland falls under our control, we have the right to be here than plastic pads from America, so go back under your rock.	0
I'm looking to study at a college in South Africa later in my life .	I would like to study later in my life at a college in South Africa.	0
I use 40mm grenade ammo cans , rubber sealed and air tight and you can find them for about $ 20 a piece .	I used 40mm hand grenade cannon boxes, rubber seals and air seals, and you could find them for about $20 per piece.	0
I 'm studying here .	And I am studying here.	0
Arabs ?	and Arabic?	0
They 're actually teaching this , in some places ?	Where are they actually teaching this?	0
So far today I 've come across the words scum , slut and bitch .	So far, I’ve met the words “dirty” and “stupid”.	3
Dollar Tree also had a selection of affordable decorations .	Dollar trees also have a choice of affordable decorations.	0
I do n't have much to add that have n't been said , but I would like to say welcome GarmGormius !	I have nothing to add, I have not said, but I want to say welcome to GarmGormius!	0
Before the coming of Whites to Africa , there was/is no history .	Before the white arrived in Africa, there was no history.	3
The black kid is separating the white boy and girl .	The black boy separates the white boy and the white girl.	0
Like its cousin in astrophysical waters the Crab Nebula supernova remnant , the Jellyfish Nebula is known to harbor a neutron star , the remnant of the collapsed stellar core .	Like its cousin in astrophysical waters, the remnant of the Supernova Crab Nebula, it is known that the Jellyfish Nebula is home to a neutron star, the remainder of the collapsed star nucleus.	0
There is a 911 section .	There are 911 sections.	0
Are you sure those guys were not with the department of public health and pest control and were not just trying to fumigate you ?	Are you sure these guys are not in the public health and vaccination control department, they are not just trying to cheat you?	0
I dont think it will work moot is too much of a libtard to allow that going on for too long	I don’t think it will work, it’s too much libtard to allow it to continue for too long.	1
Rüütel spoke of how hard the times had been at the time of the decloration of independance .	Rüütel talked about how difficult times were in the era of the collapse of independence.	0
Try this link here .	Try that link here.	0
Then there 's beans , potatoes , yams , ... ?	So there are beans, potatoes, yams, etc.	0
Everything in the NT is Christ inspired and the NT has no requirement for circumcision .	Everything in the NT is inspired by Christ and the NT does not need circumcision.	0
Perhaps if a school district has only a few White families left , they could get together and each parent could teach the kids one day per week .	Maybe if only a few white families were left in a school district, they could gather together, and each parent could teach their children a day a week.	0
You laugh at us but I have yet to see a picture of you .	You laugh at me, but I haven’t seen your picture yet.	0
Arnold Rüütel , forseta Eistlands , segir þjóð sína afar þakkláta Íslendingum fyrir að hafa haft hugrekki til að viðurkenna sjálfstæði Eistlands fyrstir ríkja í ágúst 1991 á meðan önnur ríki heims þögðu .	Arnold Rüütel, President of Iceland, segir þjóð sína afar þakkláta Íslendingum fyrir að hafa haft hugrekki til að viðurkenna sjálfstæði Iceland fyrstir ríkja í august 1991 á meðan önnur ríki heims þögðu.	2
Jacketed .45 hollow point sabot rounds .	45 round sabot points.	0
As a result of the hearings , both boys will remain in jail for the time being .	As a result of the hearing, two boys will remain temporarily in jail.	0
This means you belong in Mexico , not the US .	This means that you belong to Mexico, not the United States.	0
7 minutes in , and it 's gorgeous .	In 7 minutes, and it’s great.	0
They were not as dark as , say , a modern Iraqi .	They weren't as dark as, say, a modern Iraqi.	0
Well, I 'm not a skin nor I 'm from San Diego , however I 'm glad to see you back .	Well, I’m neither a skin nor am I from San Diego, but I am happy to see you again.	0
It seems to me that nature is taking out the trash .	Nature is collecting rubbish.	0
Get out there and lead by example .	Go out and give an example.	0
Just let Shaniqua leave her kids home to burn the house down while she goes to da club .	Let Shaniqua leave her children at home to burn the house while she goes to the club.	1
Yea, I 'm not sure it 's authenithic .	Yes, I'm not sure it's authentic	0
i think i may know this person ... it 's me and i 'm doing good ! this is some surprise. wow. check you pm 's ! talk to you soon .	I think you can know this man... It’s me and I’m doing well!This is a few surprises. wow. check you pm’s! talk to you soon.	0
I have one word for you ....... MOVE . We chose this area because we wanted our children to go to all white schools .	We chose this area because we want our children to go to all white schools.	0
I agree , Asian nations are relatively stable compared to Africa and S. America so I wonder why Asians even come to America at all .	I agree that Asian countries are relatively stable compared to Africa and South America, so I wonder why Asian people even come to the United States.	0
This was n't just for Germans , Japanese and Italianos ......	It was not just for the Germans, the Japanese and the Italians.	0
Welcome to SF .	Welcomed to SF.	0
A crude drawing of a swastika on a wall with spraypaint will only make neutral people associate nazi 's with common lowlife scum .	Graphically painting a swastika on the wall with spray coatings would only make neutral people associate the Nazis with the common shadow of low-life.	0
I support this 100 % !	I support it 100%!	0
16	sixteen	0
That's a crock of crap !	This is shit crook!	0
To close for me to call .	When it is closed, you have to call.	0
Black people wo n't use anything white people invented/discovered .	Black people do not use anything whites have invented or discovered.	0
Nothing .	Nothing is	0
As soon as i get a little smarter , i 'll figure out how to attach pics if this one did n't work .	Once I get a little smarter, I’ll figure out how to add images if that doesn’t work.	0
Certain individuals like to claim some form of ' moral high-ground ' in our racial fight to preserve the White race. irish republicans hidden jewish past .....	Some individuals like to affirm a certain form of “high moral level” in our racial struggle to preserve the white race.	0
Thank You , Are you THEA charles Martell ??	Thanks, are you that, Charles Martell?	0
If anyone did or is going too Join a group like the order , In my opinion .... Silence is golden , and keep your mouth shut and your eyes wide open. : hide	If someone has done or is about to do something, join a group, like the command, in my opinion... silence is golden, keep your mouth closed, your eyes wide open.	0
The true essence of divinity .	The real essence of Divinity.	0
2508	of 508.	0
I have all the respect in the world for our law enforcement .	I have all respect for our law enforcement.	0
Good luck to you and your knight	Good luck for you and your Knight.	0
And `` it 's because I 've been having trouble with my landlord , dot dot dot . ''	And 'It's because 'I've had a problem with my land owner, Dot Dot.'	0
Should be locked up for this , wonder how long he 'll end up serving , maybe a week if we are lucky in this country .	I have to be locked for this, wondering how long he will serve, a week if we are lucky in this country.	0
When I have the money , I wants it	When I have money, I want it	0
And , I went to an inner-city high school --- I feel your pain .	And, I went to a school in the inner city – I feel your pain.	0
I think the UK is more of a lost cause than the US. london has made tons of concessions to non whites .	I think Britain is more a cause of losing than the United States, and London has provided millions of licenses to non-whites.	1
He is the fourth suspect to be charged with her murder .	He is the fourth suspect accused of her murder.	0
https : //www.stormfront.org/forum/show ... te-519823.html	HTTPS: www.stormfront.org/forums/show... the-519823.html	0
AR10s are heavy .	AR10 is very heavy.	0
I played D2 for years as a way to pass the time but I got bored waiting on v1.10 to be released and stopped playing .	I played D2 as a way I could pass through time for a few years, but I was tired of waiting for the v1.10 to be released and stopped playing.	0
2508	of 508.	0
Has Jack McLamb been contacted ?	Is Jack McLamb in contact?	0
They re more like a virus than human ; they get inside a country and they taint it with their sickness and pretty soon the whole country goes to hell while the government tries to ban video games because knife crime , rapes and mindless violence has skyrocketed .	They are more like a virus than humans; they enter a country and they contaminate it with their diseases, and soon the whole country will fall into hell, while the government tries to ban video games because of the outbreak of knife crime, rape and unconscious violence.	1
No when I was younger like 10 years old , I went to black school because my mom moved us into the ghetto because just gotten divorce from my dad .	No, when I was 10, I went to black school because my mother took us to the ghetto because she just divorced my father.	0
The Third Reich was the only one in the world of white racial state .	The Third Reich was the only white racist state in the world.	0
He 's listed in my friends .	He is listed among my friends.	0
Yes the negroes have been busy the last few weeks but we have to expect it because nothing is being done to them when a crime is committed	Yes, black people have been bustling for the past few weeks, but we should expect it because they have no action if a crime has been committed.	1
A Black Father taking care of his kids ?	A black father who takes care of his child.	3
Aragorn	by Aragoron	0
I lived in texas when i was younger , i know how tough some things can get . `` rasslin animals '' is half the fun	I lived in Texas when I was young, so I understand how difficult some things are.	0
Blacks can shoot , funny thing is they only seem to be able to hit the little innocent law abiding child , walking home from church to help take of their sick mother .	Black people could shoot, and interestingly, they seemed only to hit little innocent law-abiding children, coming home from the church to help pick up their sick mothers.	1
Maybe you should look there or just move here to miss. Or more specifically Tupelo .	Maybe you should look there, or just move here, want to miss, or more specifically, Tupelo.	0
The only problem I see in the area is a lack of outside work .	The only problem I see in this area is the lack of external work.	0
Francesca Ortolani aka `` Aufidena '' YouTube - Francesca Ortolani ( Aufidena ) - In deinen Augen YouTube - Tomorrow Belongs to Me YouTube - Aufidena - When the moon comes YouTube - Aufidena - Towards the Light YouTube - Francesca Ortolani - The Scarecrow	Francesca Ortolani aka '' Aufidena '' YouTube - Francesca ortolani ( Aufidana ) - In deinen Augen YouTube - Tomorrow belongs to me YouTube - Aufidina - When the moon comes YouTube	0
Well actually young people can be converted with ease .	In fact, young people can easily be converted.	0
Six hundred years later my 9th great grandfather came to America .	Six hundred years later, my ninth grandfather arrived in America.	0
I 'm going to carefully study it so hopefully I 'll have some decent input to contribute .	I will study it carefully, so I hope I will make some decent contributions.	0
The raw footage of these beasts in their moments of candor is so much more revealing and persuasive for helping our fellow white brothers and sisters see the truth than a thousand books could ever be .	The original images of these beasts in their moments of indifference were more revelatory and convincing than those of a thousand books, because it helped our white brothers and sisters to see the truth.	1
But I found my way ...	But I have found my way....	0
I 'm 24 yrs old and live in MN .	I'm 24 years old and live in MN.	0
Ariel Laurie , Israeli Soldier , Grabs Toddler in Australia Kidnaps 6 year old boy , says he 's going to put him into car trunk but mother chases him down .	Ariel Laurie, an Israeli soldier, kidnaps a 6-year-old boy in Australia, says he will put him in a safe but his mother is chasing him.	0
The image of an advertisement against race mixing speaks for itself .	The image of the advertisement on racial confusion speaks for itself.	0
How is it possible for someone to construe my post in this way ?	How can someone interpret my post this way?	0
The next generation is our future , and it is our responsibility to ensure that they are raised to be bright , proud , and physically and morally sound White men and women .	The next generation is our future, and it is our responsibility to raise them to be bright, proud, and physically and morally healthy white men and women.	0
Or just say as You remember it and I 'll say if it 's correct .	Or just say how you remember it, and I’m going to say if it’s right.	0
I ca n't carry a gun in Canada , plus I like to travel light so I only take the essentials : Spyderco Delica 4 FFG Notepad/pen Wallet iPhone Headphones Bus pass or bike lock	I don’t carry a weapon in Canada, also I like traveling light, so just take the essential things : Spyderco Delica 4 FFG Notepad/Pen Wallet iPhone Headset Bus Pass or bicycle lock	0
We need to make sure every white child and adult is fed before we worry about helpless people who have to eat cow crap in order to survive .	We must feed all white children and adults before we worry about the helpless people who have to eat goat shit to survive.	1
I'll update my list a bit .	I will update my list.	0
Oh yeah he was part Jewish with brown hair and brown eyes .	Oh, yes, he was partly Jewish, with brown hair and brown eyes.	0
I readNesta Webster , Gary Allen , Douglad reed and the Protocols over30 yrs ago and I feel sorry for you who cannot work roundit or throughit .	I read Nest Webster, Gary Allen, Douglad Reed and the Protocol more than 30 years ago and I’m sorry for those who couldn’t work or go through it.	0
Slowly being brought back into service , it is an original that belonged to a Confederate military courier post war .	Slowly resumed service, which was an original, belonging to the post-war federal military postman.	0
Sound like they are speaking another language in the back ground .	It sounds like they speak a different language on the back.	0
Have you heard of Ajattara Barth ?	Have you heard about Ajattara Barth?	0
Amongst 60 millions French citizens , you would hardly find 5 millions French without foreign ancestry ( after 1900 ) .	Among the 60 million French citizens, there would hardly be 5 million French without foreign descent (after 1900).	0
Last two times I saw , I saw zero )	Last time I saw it twice, I saw zero.	0
Why dont you move to Nebraska ?	Why don’t you go to Nebraska?	0
I never attacked you and i am not your son plus i dont care what you done.P M if you have a problem	I’ve never attacked you, I’m not your son, and I don’t care what you do.	0
Can someone help me find an ol ' comrade of mine who 's now rotting in a California Prison for his next two lives for allegedly victimizing anti-racist scum ?	Can anyone help me find an old comrade who is now rotting in a California prison and who will be accused of being a victim of anti-racism dirt in the next two lives?	1
YouTube - Raw Video : Shoplifter Uses Skirt to Hide Booze	YouTube - Original Video : Shoplifter Uses Dresses to Hide Booze	0
How then do you explain that the first Rus rulers of Kiev and Novgorod had Scandinavian names ?	So how do we explain that the early Russian rulers of Kiev and Novgorod had Scandinavian names?	0
Yeah sad to see people like that .	It is a shame to see people like this.	0
Skins have a reason to shave their heads see www.skinheadz.com As a normal white nationalist there is no reason for you to have your head shaved .	Skin has a reason to cut your hair www.skinheadz.com As a normal white nationalist, there is no reason to not cut your head.	0
Like the parasites they are they simply moved to a new host , to continue their destruction of Western White civilization and culture	Like parasites, they simply move to a new host and continue the destruction of Western White civilization and culture.	1
dancing Armenians , if sombody can find any non white Armenian , i bid i 'll eat yelow pages without cooking !	Dancing Armenians, if anyone could find any non-white Armenian, I would eat the yellow page without cooking!	0
The only thing Negroes have is wishful want .	The only thing black people want is desire.	1
It looks like I have to create MY own copy of PDF file , since the OP version is a read-only item. ( sigh )	It seems that I should create my own copy of the PDF file, because the OP version is a reading element. ( sigh )	0
Minister asks YouTube to remove video directing anti-Semitic abuse at him Minister asks YouTube to remove video directing anti-Semitic abuse at him - The Irish Times - Fri , Mar 30 , 2012 Alan Shatter - Jewish Nation-Wrecker - YouTube	Minister asks YouTube to remove video directing anti-Semitic abuse on him. – The Irish Times – Fri, Mar 30, 2012 Alan Shatter – Jewish Nation-Wrecker – YouTube	0
Burger King was next up .	The Burger King is next.	0
But millions can believe a lie for centuries upon centuries , especially when you make investigating the story a crime .	But millions of people can believe a lie for hundreds of years, especially when you turn the investigation into a crime.	0
I'm not wasting my time watching that .	I am not wasting time watching this.	0
Because there are kosher Nationalist and pseudo Conservatives mate that is all there is to it , It 's sad to see Fake Nationalist parties defame an actual Nationalist revolution .	Since there are Kosher Nationalists and pseudo-Conservatives, there’s everything about it, it’s sad to see the fake nationalist authorities blaming the real nationalist revolution.	0
Take a look at the posts in this tread , its shameful that this is what we have become .	Look at the posts on this line, it’s shameful, and that’s what we’ve become.	0
The high levels of immigration there was one of the reasons why I moved out of that town .	The high level of immigration was one of the reasons I left this city.	0
Where can whites get in line for a house ?	Where can white people buy a house?	0
It's not just Third Reich era , it 'd been the names of the towns in many cases from the time they were founded , and anyway before 1933 .	It is not only the era of the Third Reich, it would have been the names of cities in many cases since their foundation, and in any case before 1933.	0
I refuse to believe it !	I refuses to believe it!	0
Just letting you know .	Just let me know.	0
An good education is allot but not everything .	Education is good, but not everything.	0
This was before I ever became WN .	This happened before I became WN.	0
I feel your pain ....	I'm feeling your pain...	0
http://www.guardian.co.uk/russia/art...772175,00.html Attaboy , Putin .	http://www.gardian.co.uk/Russia/art...772185,00.html Attaboy, Putin.	0
Yes, it 's just skin color .	Yes, it’s just the color of the skin.	0
Lie, lie , lie !!!	Lying, lying and lying!!	0
As i said the irish media are scared o please give us an interview.Things are are going bad now for the media the lies are not belived by the irish people .	As I said, Irish media are scared, please give us an interview.Things go wrong now for the media, lies are not believed	0
Nothing special , just a brand spanking new word for me .	Nothing special, just a branding new word to me.	0
www.hillsdale.edu St. John 's College , Annapolis , Md.	www.hillsdale.edu St John's College, Annapolis, Md	0
I only clicked on the article hoping it was I white baby and as usual I was disappointed .	I just clicked on the article and hoped that this was I'm a white baby, and as usual, I was disappointed.	0
As a holder of a black belt in an Asian martial art I can say that they can be very effective for real world self defense .	As the holder of black belts in Asian martial arts, I can say they are very effective for real-world self-defense.	0
Here's a site that compiles news articles of white crime and degeneracy .	Here is a site compiling news articles about white crime and deportation.	0
Lame.	by LAMM.	0
The Israelis knocked down 150 sites hosted by 1st Amendment , 75 of which were pro-white , including mine .	The Israelis shot down 150 websites hosted by the First Amendment, 75 of which support white people, including mine.	0
Sometimes it gets really ridiculous .	Sometimes, it becomes really ridiculous.	0
Truly sad ...	Really sad...	0
You CANNOT teach people to be intelligent - we must start breaking students into groups of low , moderate and high intellectual ability and teach each group suitable material .	You can't teach people intelligence - we divide students into groups of low, medium and high intellectual abilities and teach appropriate materials to each group	0
Thank's, Ill put together a post over on the B & H site in the next couple of days to let people know about the PLE ideas and ask about adding a PLE forum over there .	Thank you, Ill has put together a post on the B&H website in the coming days to make people aware of PLE ideas and ask to add a PLE forum there.	0
If you have not already done so , check out the Stormfront South Africa section , in the International Forums .	If you haven’t done it already, check the Stormfront South Africa section on the International Forum.	0
I did n't watch this one either .	I did not look at these either.	0
Our family members are often the hardest people for us to reach but the most worth it when we do .	Our family members are often the hardest people we have to access, but they are the most valuable when we do.	0
We dont really have any Blacks in our schools round here ....	We really don’t have any black people in our schools around here.	0
You Should expand your circle of WNs full stop .	You should extend your WNs circle to the full stop.	0
They are often confused with whites when they hide their tail , horns , and hooves .	They are often confused with white, and they are hiding their ass, horns, necks.	1
YouTube - Broadcast Yourself .	YouTube – Broadcast your own.	0
What time is the game ?	What is the time of the game?	0
Thank you for this information and for this link you provided to Ward Price 's other excellent online book over at the UNS Social Group , here : http://der-fuehrer.org/bucher/englis ... 0dictators.pdf	Thanks for providing you with this information and this link, you’ve received another excellent online book from Ward Price at UNS Social Group, here: http://der-fuehrer.org/bucher/englis... 0dictators.pdf	0
February 1954. ) , and she graduated from the Faculty of Dramatic Arts of the University of Belgrade as an actor .	In February 1954, she graduated from the Faculty of Drama Arts at the University of Belgrade as an actress.	0
What good are these scammers to the country who Broke EU law to come here ?	What is the benefit of these scammers coming here to the country that has violated EU law?	1
I think you should try to speak at the EURO Conference this year about the PLE Concept .	I think you should try to talk about the PLE concept at the European Conference this year.	0
Shows what you know , Charlie .	Show us what you know, Charlie.	0
I have made it clear on this forum many times that I have nothing against gays as such .	I have said many times on this forum that I have nothing against homosexuals as such.	0
2 .	and 2.	0
com/watch ? v = n663eVTSyS8	Com/watch? v = n666eVTSyS8	0
I was dressed as the `` Gorton 's Fisherman ; Trust Me ! '' complete with grey beard , yellow rain-slicker , and ship 's wheel .	I was dressed with a gray beard, yellow rain, and boat wheels, along with "Gorton's Fisherman; Believe Me!"	0
As a white nationalist I personally would not pay to watch the likes of that drug addict Amy Winehouse or scum like Rage Against The Machine .	As a white nationalist, I personally will not pay to see that drug addict, Amy Winehouse, or such scammers as the attack on the machine.	0
III .	Three.	2
Thank You I have others posted through out this thread But here 's a few more From the Going to the Sun Road .	Thank you I’ve been posted by others through this trade but here’s a few more from going to the road of the sun.	0
I think the cop was white .	The police officer was white.	0
I see it as a martial art yes but more as a system of life that includes martial arts and various forms of military skills	I think it’s a martial art, but more like a life system that includes martial arts and various forms of military skills.	0
Lady Gaga .	by lady gaga	0
My Home Town is overran with spics and sec 8 coons at this junction .	My home town is covered with speaker and seck 8 corners in this combination.	1
So far as I have seen , it has n't .	As I saw, there is no.	0
Construction Workers React to `` Wrecking Ball '' - YouTube	Building Workers React to 'Wrecking Ball' - YouTube	0
Classic trucker songs YouTube - & #x202a ; Dave Dudley - Diesel Smoke ( 18WoS : PTTM ) & #x202c ; & rlm ; Diesel Smoke another of same song , different video , says the artist was Red Simpson YouTube - & #x202a ; Red Simpson - Diesel smoke , & #x202c ; & rlm ; YouTube - & #x202a ; Red Sovine-Truck Drivin ' Son Of A Gun & #x202c ; & rlm ; Truck Drivin ' Son of a Gun YouTube - & #x202a ; Terry Allen - Amarillo Highway & #x202c ; & rlm ; Amarillo Highway ( slow version , live , with violins ) YouTube - & #x202a ; Robert Earl Keen - Amarillo Highway & #x202c ; & rlm ; Fast rockin ' country version by Robert Earl Keene	Classical Truck Songs YouTube - & #x202a;Dave Dudley - Diesel Smoke ( 18WoS : PTTM ) & # x202c ; & rlm ;Diesel Smokes another song, different video, says the artist is Red Simpson YouTube- & #X202A ;Red Simpson - Gas Smoke, & # X202C ;&rlm ;YouTube – & # × 202a;Red Sovine-Truck Drivin'Son Of A Gun & # XX2c; & rlm ; Truck Drives'Son of a Gun Youtube - &# XX2A;Tri Allen - Arilolo Highway & # 202C; and Rlm ;Amarillo Highway (slow version, live with the piano) YouTube - and # X XX2a ;Robert Al-Kilala - Maryland & X20 Highway	0
But `` Radio Shanson '' somehow poisoned the minds of almost all `` marshrutka '' drivers in all big Russian cities .	But “Radio Shanson” somehow poisoned the spirits of almost all “Marshrutka” drivers in all major Russian cities.	0
People who utter such garbage such get a brain transplant .	Those who throw out this waste get a brain transplant.	0
If anybody can email me and let me know how I can get involved please let me know : therealfixxx@hotmail.com I was born in New york city , Im 26 and I did four years in the marines so I have alot to talk about .	If someone can send me an email and let me know how I am involved, please tell me: therealfixxx@hotmail.com I was born in New York City, 26 years, I have worked in the Navy for four years, so I have the opportunity to talk about it.	0
NYPD COPS FIGHT GIRLS IN SUBWAY - YouTube Black teenagers spray a city bus with assault rifles in downtown Philadelphia .	NYPD COPS FIGHT GIRLS IN SUBWAY - YouTube Black teenagers blow up a city bus with a gun in the center of Philadelphia.	0
I can hit a paper plate at 100 yards or hole a 5 gallon steel pail of roofing tar at 25 yards ... It is my `` brush gun '' during blackpowder deer season or when going after feral hogs .	I can hit a 100 yard paper plate or break a 5 gallon roof steel plate... This is my "brush pistol" during the black powder season or when I go after the hogues	0
There are lots of groups who do the suit and tie thing , but they are still haters to the MSM and averge public .	There are a lot of costume and bayging groups, but they still hate MSM and hate the general public.	0
I'm pretty new at posting here but count me in ~ I think this is an excellent idea .	I'm quite new to this post but count me ~ I think this is a great idea.	0
Are there any majority white universities in South Africa ?	Is there any majority white university in South Africa?	0
As a 28 Year Old Straight White Nationalist Male , nothing turns me on more as a White Woman who is Powerful or successful in the buisiness world or Just as powerful in her own beliefs ..	As a 28-year-old straight-line white nationalist man, nothing excites me more than a powerful or successful white woman in her own beliefs.	0
Well i have changed my Signature , i think it was stupid i was forced to do so just because some people dont like what i have to say , but i do hope my new one is acceptable. : attack	Well, I changed my signature, I think it’s stupid, I’m forced to do it just because some people don’t like what I have to say, but I want my new one to be acceptable.	0
So there IS NO still about the matter .	There is still nothing on the topic.	0
May you rot in Hell , `` Tamir . '' http://news.rgj.com/apps/pbcs.dll/ar ... 34/1004/NEWS19	Then you’re going to hell, `` Tamir. '' http://news.rgj.com/apps/pbCS.dll/r... 34/1004/NEWS19	0
I just shake my head every time this thread comes to the front page .	I just shake my head every time this thread reaches the main page.	0
75 % of junior high Student 's could n't point out New york state on a map .	75% of younger students could not indicate the state of New York on a map.	0
14 !	The 14th!	0
WELCOME ABOARD !	Welcome here!	0
Please show me one real picture of present day bulgarian who looks like this painting and I 'll give you 1 000 000 Euro cash	Please give me a real picture, the Bulgarians today look like this painting, and I will give you 1 000 000 euros in cash	0
They will eventually kill off the whites and go back to the jungle ways .	They will finally kill the white people and return to the road to the jungle.	1
- YouTube Not in Kalispell , but one of my favorite cities ...	Not in Kalispell, but one of my favourite cities.	0
Besides that , there 's the Transnistria issue to be solved and the hard fact that Romania simply does not have the economical power to accomplish such a re-unification .	Moreover, the problem of Transnistria and the hard fact that Romania simply has no economic power to such reunification must be solved.	0
I would bet the campus cops were ordered to withhold it by some `` higher authority '' like the Department of Homeland Security .	I bet that campus police were ordered to detain him by some “higher authority” such as the Department of National Security.	0
WHITE guy murders asian student days before her wedding .	A white man killed an Asian student a few days before his wedding.	0
Well if you like to travel mine advice is if they are n't anyone with same beliefs then look in other places and broaden you experiences in other places	Well, if you like to travel, the advice is, if they’re not someone with the same beliefs, then look elsewhere and expand your experience elsewhere.	0
Let's hope the nearly all-White Gold Medal US Women 's Soccer team gets into the spirit too .	We hope that the almost all white gold medals of the US Women's Soccer team will also come into mind.	0
Living with the consequences is punishment enough .	To live with the consequences is penalties enough.	0
This is a board for mature people - who are free to join or leave/return at any moment .	This is a board for adults - who are free to participate or leave / return at any time.	0
OK I get you dont like to talk bad about the jew. btw I said Kapo 's	OK, I need you don't like to talk badly about the Jewish. btw I say Kapo's	0
Pellets flattened out quite nicely .	The pellets are pretty well blown out.	0
It is a good language to learn and is related to all other Slavic languages .	It is a great language to learn and is related to all the other Slavic languages.	0
All I got from that is ...	What I get from it is just...	0
Amen .	by Amen.	0
Gave away all my .38Spl , as my .38 is actually chambered for .38Long.	I dropped everything in the.38Spl and was actually chambered for the.38.Long.	0
I believe it 's time for Haman to break out his private stash and start sharing with the rest of us .	I think it’s time for Haman to break his private collection and start sharing it with us.	0
I know much about that event because I was in that crowd that day in 2010 .	I know a lot about this event because I am among the crowd on the day of 2010.	0
`` It did n't sound idiotic in my mind . ''	“It didn’t sound stupid in my head.”	0
What a waste of time and money .	What a loss of time and money!	0
I 'd have no way to keep the van air conditioned at a restaurant .	I have no way to keep the air conditioning of the vehicle in the restaurant.	0
Supporting our men and women in the armed forces .	Supporting our women and men in the armed forces.	0
That is one hell of a system they designed to flood the shaft .	It was a hell of the system they designed to flood the axis.	0
the late doctor pierce brothers is on this weeks speech very good the corruption of white youth the same thing is happening here a must listen for whites very good very impressed by the doctors brother .	Late Dr. Pierce Brothers has been very good in the last few weeks' speeches White youth corruption the same thing is happening here White needs to hear very good Doctor Brothers	0
I try and avoid shops owned by.or employing non.whites too .	I try to avoid owning or hiring non-white stores.	1
I 'm a brand new member from the South JErsey area .	I'm a brand-new member from the South Jersey area.	0
That and the sheer size of their land , which made it possible to move their production facilities out of range of German bombers .	That and the large size of their country, which has allowed to move their production facilities outside the reach of the German bombers.	0
Please tell me you are n't advocating fraud .	Please tell me that you do not promote fraud.	0
YouTube - Dr William Pierce discusses `` Haiti '' YouTube - Dr William Pierce discusses `` liberals '' YouTube - Odysseus ' Way by Dr. William Pierce YouTube - Dr William Pierce discusses `` black inventions ''	YouTube – Dr. William Pierce discusses “Haiti” YouTube – Doctor Willian Pierce will discuss “liberals” Youtube – Odysseus Way by Dr. Williams Pierce Youtube – Doctor William Pierces talks about “black inventions”	0
I expect nobody disagrees ?	I hope no one is opposed.	0
You shall know of where to go from there , gille. or . . .	You’ll know where you’re going, Gille.	0
[IMAGE: Melvin Weiss .	(Photo by Melvin Weiss)	0
The baby was waving its arms and legs !!	The baby is shaking his arms and legs!!	0
And it stunk like refer and black sweat .	It smells like black sweat.	1
I wonder if the attacker was a Swedish national ?	The perpetrator was a Swedish citizen.	0
welcome to stormfront first of all , secondly if your political party is only for scotland maybe you should put this in SFGB .	First, if your political party is only in Scotland, you should probably put this in the SFGB.	0
I can vouch for Blades and bows I have done business with them many times and customer service brilliant if you got a problem they will sort it .	I can guarantee that I have done business with them many times and the brilliant customer service if you have a problem will fix it.	0
it is so good to know there is so many proud white people out there to carry on the fight ! i salute you all .	It’s so nice to know that there are so many proud white people out there that continue the fight!	0
We argued for a bit , then I asked to see the list of names .	We quarreled for a while, and then I asked to look at the list.	0
Oh that reminds me of my high school days in IT lessons making 30 Apple Mac 's on Clarisworks simultaneously say `` Mr Carey has death breath ''	Oh, it reminds me of my high school days in computer classes doing 30 Apple Macs on Clarisworks at the same time saying "Mr. Carey has the breath of death"	0
Wonder what happened ?	I wonder what happened.	0
Perhaps you would like to comment on the link below ?	Would you like to leave a comment on the link below?	0
Right! if you have dark hair you 're not White if you have tanned skin you 're not White Luke Pasqulino is n't White either bang goes 50 percent of the Western and Eastern Mediterrenrean !	If you have black hair, you are not white, if you have white skin, you’re white Luke Pasqulino isn’t white, whether white, you aren’t the 50% of the Western and Eastern Mediterranean!	0
California has gotten so weak i was in the marine corps for years i cant believe how wussed out they are the same place i went to boot camp in 1981 i fired everything they had but could n't drink beer off the base ..... San Diego is gorgeous tho	California is so weak I have been in the Navy for years I can believe that they are the same place, I went to a boat camp in 1981, I throw out everything they had, but I couldn’t drink beer from the base...	0
But maybe it was just him .	But it may have been just him.	0
Go to my SF thread here for a link to a PDF copy of the book at ...	Go to my SF thread here to find a link to a PDF copy of the book in...	0
This attack on a young boy should be condemned by all who post on this site . it does n't matter if the lad is Catholic or Protestant such an attack has no place in any white communities .	This attack on a young boy should be condemned by all those who are published on this site, whether Catholic or Protestant, and such attack has no place in any white community.	0
http://www.youtube.com/watch?feature...&v=WkLHXKHb1VcManufacturingmemorieshttps://www.youtube.com/watch ? v = XcywPdORySA Memory expert Elizabeth Loftus shows Lesley Stahl how memories can be manipulated .	http://www.youtube.com/watch?feature... &v=WkLHXHb1VcManufacturingmemorieshttps:// www.youtube	0
Unfortunately I 'm over by Houston.Funny.I was born in Bastrop , La.	Unfortunately I’m over by Houston.Funny.I’m born in Bastrop, La.	0
Since they are all learning English now as a second language what would be the reason for changing to German .	Since they all now learn English as a second language, what would be the reason for the change in German.	0
Something is up .	Something is going up.	0
I'm sure the negro had it coming .	I think black people will come.	1
I want to know what there is to `` investigate '' since no crime was committed .	I want to know what to “investigate” because no crime has been committed.	0
I guess everyone is doing Glacier this weekend .	I think everyone is going to get ice this weekend.	0
Apparently the Jews ca n't take it when the truth is spoken about them .	Apparently the Jews do not accept the truth when it is said about them.	1
They need the white male distracted as much as possible and of course the glorification of the groid ; two birds one stone .	They need a white man as far away as possible, and of course the glory of two birds and one stone.	1
Authorities said Ewell was caught on surveillance footage trying to use the couple 's stolen ATM card at a gas station on the day of the killings .	According to the authorities, Ewell was captured on surveillance images trying to use the ATM card of the couple stolen in a gas station on the day of the murders.	0
I notice that on television , almost EVERY time I see a judge it is a negro ... this is simply not coincidence .	I notice that on television, almost EVERY time I see a judge, it’s a black man...it’s just not a coincidence.	0
`` Oh s * * t , '' without looking , `` I hit one of their cars and now I am going to die ! '' , but to my relief , it was merely a light pole .	“Oh, don’t look!”, I hit one of his cars and now I’m going to die!”, but for my relief, it was just a light pole.	0
True , you have to have money to leave but it seems like no one is helping ya 'll .	Sure, you need to have money to go, but nobody seems to help you.	0
and the Poles decide to up and leave therefore devastating the Irish economy as every man and his dog are telling us what are the potential ramifications for our welfare scrounging visitors from far ashore ?	The Poles decided to get up and leave, thus destroying the Irish economy as everyone and his dog told us what were the potential consequences of expelling tourists from a distance for our well-being?	0
The kind of savagery against females that has become expected from negroids in todays society ...	The kind of barbarism that is expected of black women in today’s society.	1
Just yesterday on t.v. there was some MTV thing where a Western girl was visiting a family in India .	Just yesterday, on TV, there was a MTV thing, a Western girl in India visited a family.	0
I 've found it to be a huge help in my survivalism/prepping work .	I found that it is a great help in my survival/preparation work.	0
Trying to find out where to buy a copy of White Power that either ships to England or can be bought in England	Try to find where to buy a copy of White Power that can be shipped to the UK or purchased in the UK.	0
When ever I see these white children murdered by these sub humans it makes me so angry I could cry .	Every time I saw these white children being murdered by these subhuman beings, I was angry enough to cry.	1
I looked at the discussion and it is obvious that we are outnumbered by non-whites and race traitors and follow the other followers types .	I looked at the discussion, and it was obvious that we were overtaken by non-white and racial traitors, and followed by other types of followers.	1
Found it again JewTube took it down but its back up Between Heaven and Hell The True Story of Whites in South Africa - YouTube	Found Again JewTube Removed It But Its Backup Between Heaven and Hell The True Story of White People in South Africa	0
Looks like quite a few of them picked up a lot of Aryan genes .	Some of them seem to have taken many aryan genes.	0
It was good to meet you and have some decent conversation	It was nice to meet you and have a nice conversation.	0
Email me at ericahoesch@ntelos.net.	Send me an email to ericahoesch@nteles.Net.	0
They're coming out of the woodwork to oppose white unity and White History Month .	They are coming out of the wood to oppose the white unity and the month of white history.	1
I have never accepted any government checks .	I've never accepted government checks.	0
Haha !	Hah!	0
Looking for seriour-or-less-than-less friends of like-minded people .	Looking for serious friends or less than friends of people of the same mind.	0
We should be able to have guns in the UK most of the criminals have them so why not we need to protect ourselfs as well !	We should be able to have weapons in the UK, most criminals have them, so why not protect ourselves too!	0
Brampton is a run down place now that I would n't live in even if you paid me .	Brampton is now a falling place, and even if you pay me, I’m not going to live there.	0
FBI ?	by FBI?	0
PM me !	I PM you!	0
I plan on using a stretcher for carrying gear .	I am planning to use a stretcher to transport the tool.	0
At HD ranges youre looking at a cluster of shot a few inches wide at best .	In the HD range, we look at a cluster of shots with a width of a few inches at best.	0
Someone looking to take things seriously and be active are sometimes hard to find .	Those who take things seriously and want to be active are sometimes difficult to find.	0
We take care of our own !!!	We are taking care of ourselves!!!	0
just saw a hershey 's commercial on tv , ca n't find it on jewtube shows a White woman happily sharing candy with some mop headed groid male on an escalator guess I wo n't be buying that stuff ever again	Just seeing a Hershey ad on TV, I couldn’t find a white woman on jwtube happy to share candy with a few mops turning around on the climbing machine, guessing I’t buy that thing again.	1
http://kalispell.craigslist.orghttp://www.mountaintrader.com/http://www2.dailyinterlake.com/classifieds/	HTTP://kalispell.craigslist.org www.mountaintrader.com/http://www.dailyinterlake.com / classifieds/	0
I guess they just really wanted to make sure the lies sunk in .	I think they really wanted to be sure that the lies came into themselves.	0
Just shows how thick they actually are one farmer-one bullet they will just end up starving and asking WHITES to feed them	They simply show how thick they really are: a bullet from a farmer who will end up hungry and asking the whites to feed them.	1
They were nothing short of a Godsend .	He was nothing less than an idol.	0
http://www.getmycountryback.com	HTTP://www.getmycoontryback.com WEB	0
So what are your thoughts and personal experiences with the whole new immigration system ??	So what are your thoughts and personal experience with the entire new immigration system??	0
Every summer there is some trash that rolls through the town and goes on a thieving spree it seems .	Every summer, there is rubbish rolling through the village, and it seems like thieves are thrown.	3
So they invented the metric system now ?	So, have they invented a measurement system now?	0
We are fighting a war so lets show em Let the slaughter begin ...... : attack	We're fighting a war, so show me Let the Massacre Start: Attack	0
This was just on the news : Apparently the negro left a cigarette butt behind at the other house he attempted to break in to complete with his DNA .	This was in the news: apparently a black man left a cigarette ass in another house he tried to break into to complete his DNA.	0
Indeed, it is quite odd for something like this to be posted on this forum .	In fact, it is quite strange that something like this is published in this forum.	0
At the Water 's Edge : Fish with Fingers , Whales with Legs , and How Life Came Ashore but Then Went Back to Sea - Carl Zimmer Streets of Laredo - Larry McMurtry	On the Edge of the Fish: A Fish with Fingers, a Whale with Legs, and How Life Came to Land but Goes Back to the Sea - Larry McMurray - Carl Zimmer Street of Laredo	0
We spoke once about our own sub forum , but answer was strict .	We once talked about our own subforum, but the response was strict.	0
I wonder if this is the reason American colonial officers like George Washington could not get a British army commission ?	I wonder if that’s why American colonial officers like George Washington couldn’t get an arms commission.	0
They then voted me as `` most likely to take over the world '' and `` First to kill '' .	Then they voted for me as “more likely to take the world” and “first to kill.”	0
Another bus attack , also in Seattle ( click on link to access video ) : Local News | Seattle bus video shows attack on passenger ; suspect has 50 arrests | Seattle Times Newspaper	Another bus attack, also in Seattle (click the link to access video): Local news, Seattle bus video showed an attack on passengers; suspects had 50 arrests	0
Compulsatory Education Off To School A Special Pleader Suspense Girl with Dogs La Pensierosa .	Compulsory education out of school A special seeking assistant with the dogs of the girl hanging up La Pensierosa.	0
I hope my negroes beat your negroes .	I hope that my Negroes will defeat you.	0
Some black was breaking into my old neighbor 's house and I fired at him from my window .	A black man broke into my old neighbor’s house and I shot him out of the window.	0
Hungarian Academy of Sciences - Semmelweis University , Institute of Forensic Medicine , Budapest , Hungary , 1091 E-mail : bujgyo@igaz.sote.hu Hey look it even has same year as Csabi 's hungarian music popularity in Romania , except in my case it has exact source specified with documentation and contact material and is not done by some sensationalist newspaper but by hungarian Universities .	The Hungarian Academy of Sciences - Semmelweis University, Forensic Institute, Budapest, Hungary, 1091 Email: bujgyo@igaz.sote.hu Hey see it even has the same year that Csabi's Hungarian music is popular in Romania, but in my case the exact source is specified along with the documents and contact materials and is not a sensual newspaper.	0
Article of our local newspaper is subject to a charge .	Articles in our local newspapers are subject to a fee.	0
That 's to assume the gay ones are n't abusive .	This means that homosexuals are not abusive.	1
Drop me a line .	Give me a line	0
Fifteen years on and they still blame white rule .	Fifteen years later, they continue to blame the white rule.	0
i never really got in too much trouble , because the dean of my school is also the head football coach and i play football so were cool , connections	I have never had too many problems, because my school dean is also the main football coach and I play football, so they were cool, connections	0
Where can i find a complete list of anti black fliers. that have to do with black on white crimes , interracial babys , black drug dealers , etc etc .	Where I can find a complete list of anti-black people associated with black crime, interracial babies, black drug dealers, and so on.	1
I always laugh when I hear Republicans say or imply that the British government is/was anti-Republican .	I always laugh when I hear the Republicans say or imply that the British government is anti-Republican.	0
There are a lot of white babies being born in the South , but it 's still not what it should be .	There are many white babies born in the South, but it’s still not what it should be.	0
We would go to the range , rifle and pistol , once each week .	We go to a gun and a gun once a week.	0
Advance Auto Parts on their store poster features a black male and white female counter clerks.One of the most widespread examples of race mixing is your local and national news anchor teams , almost always a black male and white female .	The Advance Auto Parts in their store poster offers black men and white women representatives.One of the most common examples of competitive mixture is the local and national news anchor team, almost always black man and white woman.	0
They speak the Irish language because it 's their culture but are brainwashed into thinking that it 's ok to destroy our race .	They spoke Irish because of their culture, but they were brainwashed to think that it was okay to destroy our race.	0
Does anyone know where I can chat ?	Does anybody know where to chat?	0
It is good that anti-White , is working its way out into the mainstream though .	However, it is good that the anti-white is on the way to the mainstream.	0
Our town has made the heavily-chaperoned Main-Street party the Halloween tradition .	Our village has made a heavily decorated Main Street party a Halloween tradition.	0
There are southern theories for the origins of the Slavs , you know .	There is a Southern theory about the origins of the Slavs, you know.	0
She too gets in trouble for speaking up .	She also has difficulty speaking.	0
Next the beautiful blonde white mother , grandmother , the 5 kids and an adult black male are sitting around the picnic table .	Next, a beautiful blonde white mother, grandmother, five children and an adult black man sit around a picnic table.	0
is anyone else fed up with people using the so called race card against you ? if so , tell us about it	Is there someone else angry with the use of the so-called competition cards? if so, tell us	0
It got so bad that I literally sat outside with our dog ( he was on a lead ) .	It was so bad that I was literally sitting outside with our dog (he was in the front).	0
The Brown and Black filth are starting to creep into Orillia and Midland sadly .	The dirt of Brown and Black, sadly, is beginning to infiltrate Olivia and Midland.	1
Is n't 80 years of failure enough to teach you something ?	Isn’t eighty years of failure enough for you to teach something?	0
93.5 THE BEACH - THE ROCK STATION	93.5 The Beach – The Rock Station	0
got myself a pair of burgundy 8 hole grindres on a low sole they kick as as far as I am concernd thats all I need	I got a couple of Burgundy 8 hole millers in low salt and that’s all they need when it comes to what I need.	0
Some people believe the Jack O ' Lantern also represents the ancient Celtic warrior 's tradition of taking the heads of their enemies as trophies .	Some believe that Jack O’Lantern also represents an ancient tradition of taking the heads of Celtic warriors as trophies.	0
http://www.nola.com/crime/index.ssf/...0/post_48.html Joy Lynn Aikens , 39 , was arrested Tuesday by Louisiana State Police .	HTTP://www.nola.com/crime/index.ssf/....0/post_38.html Joy Lynn Aikens, 39 years old, was arrested on Tuesday by the State Police of Louisiana.	0
He and Roosevelt deserve to die a thousand deaths .	He and Roosevelt deserved a thousand deaths.	0
Yes i have noticed this too where I live .	I have heard this in the place where I live.	0
So do the teachers in the public schools in the South hold liberal views in their private life as well , or are they conservative in private life and then knowingly lie to the kids in school ?	So, do teachers in Southern public schools have liberal views in their private lives, or are they conservative in their personal lives and consciously lie to their children in school?	0
Just keep it civil .	It must be kept civil.	0
Welcome, its always great to see new members on .	It is always a pleasure to see new members.	0
Over half a month .	Over a month and a half.	0
Uh oh , looks like the mods are all away on summer vacation Are any of those anti-leftist comments by you guys ? living in America , this board is starting to give me hope !	Oh oh, it seems that the mods are all on summer holidays There are some of these anti-leftist comments from you, men? live in America, this board begins to give me hope!	0
According to wikipedia its origin is also Gaelic and Celtic .	According to Wikipedia, its origins are also Gaelic and Celtic.	0
People from whole Europe come here for that .	People from all over Europe are coming here for that.	0
theres this girl at my school and she is really tall and she is the darkes * * * * * * ive ever saw and she sat by me and i moved too the next table and she had a bag of cookies and she could not open it so she was trying to open with her teeth like a dog slaping it back in foruth finlly this white trash girl opened with her mouth then she had the nerve to spit on a white girl and thegirl did nothing but smile and then this mixed kid had the neve to ask me out i told him no and go to hell. this was my day at school suced huh. hope you tyep back sorry for spelling .	She had this girl in my school and she was really tall, she was dark, she had seen it once, she sat next to me and I moved to the next table, and she had a biscuit bag and she couldn’t open it, so she tried to open it with her teeth like a dog pulling it back, this white junk girl opened her mouth and then she had nerves to spit a white girl and that girl had nothing but a smile, and then this mixed child had a nephew asking me to tell him no, go to hell.	0
The soldiers of today may face this same treatment before they die if things keep going the way it has been .	Today’s soldiers may face the same treatment before their death, if things continue to go well.	0
this video pretty much proves the local demographics .	This video shows a lot of local demographics.	0
Guns n Roses is not music .	Guns N' Roses is no music.	0
You may want to read more about it .	You might want to read more on it.	0
This is pretty much perversion indoctrination to kindergardeners .	This is an indoctrination of perversion for child guardians.	0
That's a good point , awake777 .	It was good, 777.	0
Tell that scumbag teacher if the jews in Israel should become a miniority or be taken over by arabs .	Tell the Master that the Jews of Israel should become a small group or be occupied by the Arabs.	0
Killer of woman , child in Oak Cliff gets death penalty | News for Dallas , Texas | Dallas Morning News | Dallas-Fort Worth Crime News | Dallas-Fort Worth News	Woman Killer, Oak Cliff's Child Is Sentenced to Death News Dallas, Texas, Dallas Morning news Dallas-Fort Worth Crime News	0
What an ugly hag	What a bad hage.	0
Wow ..	Woo...	0
I think you will find that this .org is one of the best on the web .	I think you’ll find that this.org is among the best on the web.	0
And I 've told you why .	I have told you why.	0
I will endeavour at some point to go back through to where I left off & greet each of our new members by way of a personal message .	I will try to get back to where I left at some point and will welcome each new member with a personal message.	0
Been a nationalist for ages so a few days ago i decided to pull me finger out and sign up .	A few days ago I was a nationalist, so I decided to pull my finger out and sign.	0
I recommend your parents and your school counsellor have a chat .	I suggest that your parents and your school counselor have a conversation.	0
Here ´ s some ideas for you , https : //www.stormfront.org/forum/show ... = 298321 & page = 3	Here are some ideas for you, https: //www.stormfront.org/forum/show... = 298321 and page = 3	0
i am a 16yr old irish male dont worry lads i ll make sure ireland stays white and i hope i can count on help from my stormfront brothers around the world ???? 2508	I am a 16-year-old Irish man who doesn’t worry why I assure myself that Ireland remains white and I hope I can count on the help of my brothers from the storm around the world???? 2508	0
He suspected of taking a crap high atop the empire state building a few years ago right out in the open with people walking around ..	He suspected that he had a big ass on the top of the Empire State building a few years ago and was walking outdoors with people.	0
The title was , `` What It 's Like to Teach Black Kids . ''	The title is “How to Teach Black Children”.	0
You have 10 seconds to list each of your 8 kids names AND the names of their 8 different fathers .	You have 10 seconds to list each of the 8 names of your children and the names of their 8 different fathers.	0
The only way you be able to do a photo like that today is to hire actors .	The only way you can make a photo like this today is to recruit actors.	0
Truly sad that we 've decreased education standards to make minority students more successful .	It is very sad that we have decreased educational standards so that minority students are more successful.	0
But she went on and on about how great koreans are under the guise of japanese name .	But she continued to talk about how great the Koreans are under the pretext of a Japanese name.	0
^ ... And I now have a new contender for the top space on my list of traitors to be hung when Europe awakens .	And now I have a new candidate for the top of my list of traitors to hang when Europe wakes up.	0
Emmigration - around 50000-100000 per year .	Emigration – about 50,000 to 100,000 per year.	0
I think they are just desperately trying to be more popish than the Pope himself and avoid accusations of racism before they are even expressed by demanding increased immigration .	I think they are trying to avoid being more papal and racist than the pope himself, before accusations are expressed by demanding even more immigration.	0
At a brewers convention , the Pres. of Hamms , the Pres. of Schlitz , the Pres. of Bubweiser , and the Pres. of Guiness all meet up and decide to have lunch together ...	At a brewery meeting, President Hams, President Slitz, President Bouweizer, and President Guinness all gathered together to decide to have lunch together.	0
In the end the only safe thing to eat is grass if you are lucky enough to have your own garden ( or grow your own food if you have the space ) and hope to hell the government here does n't do chemical spraying .	Finally, the only safe thing to eat is grass, and if you’re lucky to have your own garden (or if you have space you can grow your own food) and hope the government doesn’t do chemical spray here.	0
Is this board game only Germanic mythology ?	Is this game just a German myth?	0
I had to change the kids site around a bit Liz ... here is the correct link for the FCKS ... Creative Kids	I had to change the children’s website a little about Liz... Here’s the right link to FCKS... Creative Kids	0
I do n't know who to support anymore ................	I don’t know who I will support anymore.	0
im from wilbraham myself i 'm looking to organize a group in the area anyone who 's interested send me a PM or instant message me on theman2089 lets get * * * * in ' organized	I am looking to organize a group in the region everyone who is interested send me a PM or an instant message on the topic2089 allows to get * * * in organization	0
Please vote in this poll : Will You Publicly Condemn Those Who Advocate the Murder of Women and Children ?	Please vote in this investigation: would you publicly condemn those who defend the murder of women and children?	0
LMWAO!You were letting them fish in your pockets ?	Did they put fish in your pocket?	0
I wonder if they 'll do the same with the juden ?	Would they do the same with the Jews?	0
David ( SS )	by David (SS)	0
Maybe you 'll find it useful .	Maybe you will find it helpful.	0
WOW!!!	Wow that!	0
I've always been partial to Lully and Rameau : Jean Baptiste Lully - L' Orchestre du Roi Soleil - YouTube Jean Philippe Rameau /// Orchestral Suites - YouTube	I have always been a part of Lully and Rameau : Jean Baptiste Lulley - L'Orchestre du Roi Soleil - YouTube Jean Philippe Rimeau /// Orchestral Suites - YouTube	0
Well said , the point of a PLE is an organic community , in which we are all free to express our own spins as we wish ...	In other words, the point of PLE is an organic community with the freedom to express our spins as we want.	0
OMG why are you posting your face on a board , It is dangerous here ( Holland ) to post your face on a `facist` board.Becouse allot of Antifa is watching 2 .	OMG Why do you post your face on the board, it’s dangerous to put your look on the ‘Fascist’ board here (Netherlands).	0
He is indeed a brave man and champion of our cause .	He is a courageous man and a champion of our cause.	0
Ive heard new zealand was white parasise as well , At this point im just scouting as i have a few years yet till retirement.Hows the cost of living in nz ? :	I heard that New Zealand is also a white parasite, and at this time I’m just scanning because I’ve been on retirement for a few years.	0
A punch in the face is a punch in the face regardless of where in the world it happens .	A punch on the face is a punch of the face, regardless of where it occurs in the world.	0
When that city is cleaned up , we may have to go door to door with pitchforks and a garbage truck .	When the city is cleaned, we may also have to go to the door with a pitchfork and a bag truck.	0
I think that 's rather extreme !	I think it is quite extreme!	0
Three weeks in a house and no one knew he was dead what a sad indictement of modern England .	Three weeks in a house where no one knew he was dead, was the sad accusation of modern England.	0
I know one thing , no white should ever give one nickel or a second thought to Africa for they have repaid good with evil .	I know one thing, the white people should not give Africa a nickel or a second thought, and they paid the good for the evil.	1
Spanking him would hurt alot less !	It will hurt him less.	0
Y' all have a nice day .	Everyone has a nice day.	0
Anyone who cannot watch much of this video should AT LEAST watch the last minute and listen to what he 's saying .	Anyone who can't see a lot of this video should watch the last minute and hear what he says.	0
http://www.japantoday.com/category/n...a-bound-flighthttp://www.washingtonpost.com/wp-dyn...071301714.html Uzodinma Iweala is the author of `` Beasts of No Nation , '' a novel about child soldiers .	www.japantoday.com/category/n....a-bound-flighthttp://www.washingtonpost.com-wp-dyn...071301714.html Uzodinma Iweala is the author of 'No Nation Beasts', 'A novel about a young soldier'.	0
There will be a show in socal in early June .	At the beginning of June there will be a show in Socal.	0
It 's basic knowledge : If nature did n't provide it , your body does n't need it .	It’s basic knowledge: if nature didn’t provide it, your body doesn’t need it.	0
I saw his latest movie and was actually surprised that there were no blacks in it .	I watched his last film and was really surprised that there was no black in it.	0
I will look into it more so that I proceed in the best way .	I’ll look more into it so that I’m going on the best way.	0
i did a homeschooling thing where i saw a teacher once a week and she failed me just because of my views. id do the assignment exactly right and the highest i ever got was a c	I have done a homeschooling thing where I have seen a teacher once a week and she has failed me just because of my points of view. id does the task exactly correct and the highest I have received was a	0
In these dark days of jewish/Marxist/mafia dominated materialistic societies where everyone and anyone is only a bank note to be traded .	In these dark days of Jews/Marxists/Mafia, the materialist societies are dominated, where everyone and everyone is just a bank note.	1
Woman Brutally Attacked By 2 Men In Home Police Arrest 16-Year-Old , 17-Year-Old POSTED : Wednesday , November 11 , 2009 UPDATED : 8 : 18 pm EST November 11 , 2009 Michael Galan , 16 , and Jarve Green , 17 , were arrested by Palatka police .	A 16-year-old woman aged 17 was brutally assaulted by two men in the house police POSTED: Wednesday, November 11, 2009 Updated: 8:18 pm EST November 11, 2009, Michael Gallan, 16, and Gerb Green, 17, were arrested by the Palatka police.	0
Stoning - Monty Python 's Life of Brian - YouTube	Stoning – The Life of Monty Python – YouTube	0
Jag kollade inte ... )	I am not collecting...	2
It 's massive .	This is massive.	0
Aragorn	by Aragoron	0
Beautiful ship !	A very beautiful ship!	0
I'm looking for any white females in the fort hood area to talk to .	I am looking for white women in the area of Fort Hood to talk to.	0
That will teach you for wearing a jew cap you great suck up !	It teaches you to wear a Jewish hat, and you will take a great blow up.	0
Or try yelling * * * * the nigs ya 'll get suspended , jumped and hopefully some new wn friends or ya 'll die trying. lol Rohawa its a battle cry .	Or try shouting * * *, and the Nigs are already interrupted, jumping down and hopefully dying to find some new one-girlfriend or already.	1
I have never seen those posters before .	I've never seen these posters before.	0
Here is the link .	Here's the link.	0
This is a great resource , but they have practically no pro-White books in their library .	This is a good resource, but they have almost no white books in the library.	0
Victims of Illegal Alien Crime http://www.voiac.org/report.php REPORT A CRIME .	Victims of the illegal crime of foreigners http://www.voiac.org/report.php REPORT A CRIME.	0
Stuff like that needs to be shared on Facebook to wake Canadians up .	Something like this should be shared on Facebook to awaken Canadians.	0
Got to make sure this embaressing thread is knocked off the front page before too many people come along and see it right ?	Do you need to make sure that this embarrassing trade is removed from the top page before too many people come and look at it correctly?	0
Questions that enable people to learn are always welcomed .	Questions that help people learn are always welcome.	0
-Nordenwulf	by NordWulf	0
You absolutely rock !	You are absolutely rock.	0
Day Of Honour was good this year we come back next year greetz from Flanders ( belgium ) Heil Hongary Heil Flanders Heil Blood an honour world wide	Honor Day is Good This Year We're Back Next Year Greetz from Flanders (Belgium) Healing Hungary Healing Flander Heil Blood Worldwide Honor	0
I was just about to say the same as Draiodoir .	I was just saying the same thing as Draiodoir.	0
- YouTube	and YouTube.	0
Well, I finished Electrical Engineering at Texas Tech , and came away with four job offers.and wound up with enough money to buy houses and cars and keep my wife happy .	I graduated from Texas Tech in Electrical Engineering and received four job offers and got enough money to buy a house and a car and keep my wife happy.	0
Any white who works outside can be a deep brown , but genetically is still white .	Any white person working outside could be dark brown, but genetically still white.	0
Maybe we could get together !	Maybe we can be together!	0
Took an east Asian art course in college myself .	I took an Asian art class at the university.	0
Good work .	Good work!	0
I heard about it is it about that white guy that killed that race traitor slut and her nig nog boyfriend ?	Did I hear that it was about the white man who killed that racist traitor and her black boyfriend?	1
- `` Something about black '' and the old favorite `` Once you go black you never go back ''	The old favorite is “Something about black” and “Once you’re black, you’ll never come back.”	1
Have n't been this happy in 10 months. : jump	Have not been so happy in 10 months: jumping	0
I think the statistics speaks declaration ....	I believe the statistics speak a statement...	0
What kind of moron throws away school district money on fruit that 's out of season ?	What kind of Moron is going to throw school area money on out-of-season fruits?	0
Lowest birthrate in world .	The lowest birth rate in the world	0
I tried to sign up there once & they refused to activate my account .	I once tried to log in there and they refused to activate my account.	0
****ty for me I just moved here 5 weeks ago , I 'm getting turned down left and right when i look for work	****ty for me I just moved here 5 weeks ago I'm turning to the left and the right when I am looking for a job	0
Wells is accused of killing 19 year old Erin Jade Smith on December 6 , 2010 .	Wells is accused of killing 19-year-old Erin Jade Smith on 6 December 2010.	0
The only good thing about Indians is their married women are so loose that prostitution fails in Indian areas .	The only good thing about the Indians is that their married women are so lonely that prostitution will fail in the Indian areas.	1
That 's like Michael Moore opening up a fitness center .	It was like Michael Moore opened a fitness center.	0
They 've achieved a whole lot more than Greeks ever have and ever will .	They have achieved much more than the Greeks have never done and will never do.	0
How about I pop through to your city and we can discuss this face to face rather than you skulking behind your keyboard ?	What if I would jump to your city and we could face-to-face discuss the issue instead of you behind your keyboard?	0
I watched sports and universities go black and stayed away from the both since , It s been 30 years since I have seen a football game that was outside my son s high school .	I’ve seen sports and college go black, and it’s been 30 years since I watched a football game outside of my son’s high school.	0
Let our race continue on .	Let the race continue.	0
Cant say over the net what I do EVERY day for our cause but you can bet I do my part .	Don’t tell me on the web what I do for our business every day, but you can bet I’ll do my part.	0
When I was at school my classmates thought it would be hilarious if they took Hitlers Body and put my head on top of it , then give them out to all the teachers .	When I was at school, my colleagues thought it would be nice if they took Hitler's body, put my head on it, and then gave it to all the teachers.	0
Mine being the first .	Mine to be the first.	0
Hiya i 'm new here and sick of watching my country become infected with the disease of multiculturalism .	Hiya, I'm new here and sick of watching my country get infected with multiculturalism.	1
Only scored a 120 .	He only received 120 points.	0
Sounds like they might have some Palestinians of either the Muslim or Judaic variety in the woodpile , throwing stones like that .	It sounds like they might have some Muslim or Jewish Palestinians throwing stones into the pile of wood.	1
My sympathies to all of you .	My sympathy for all of you.	0
Some of them are Jewish , but most of those complicit in the betrayal of this country are our own flesh and blood , which is the great tragedy of our times .	Some of them are Jews, but most of the traitors of this country are our own flesh and blood, and this is the great tragedy of our time.	0
i love it when jews get a taste of thier own vile medicene I hope each and every one of them young to old starve in the cold	I like when the Jews have the taste of their own evil medicine, I hope that each of them, young to old, is hungry in the cold.	1
I have applied this technique one many occasions and seen considerable success .	I have used this technique several times and I have seen a great success.	0
in some ways i 'd say the movie `` Full Metal Jacket '' is ... the first few lines of that movie are great haha	In some ways I would say that the movie 'Full Metal Jacket'...the first line of that movie is great.	0
The Gulf War was being waged and great times of transformation were taking place in the Soviet Union .	The Gulf War was ongoing and a time of great change was taking place in the Soviet Union.	0
Report from the UK : Report of child abuse by Masons at the Witherwack Estate , Sunderland .	Report from the United Kingdom: Report on child abuse by Masons at Witherwack Estate, Sunderland.	0
Its brainwashing starts at school they dont understand they dont know any better .	Their brainwashing begins at school that they don’t understand that they do not know anything better.	0
Ever wonder why ?	Do you ever wonder why?	0
But you can put together something close .	But you can get something closer.	0
For perspective : I wrote a final paper for English class that was basically the Revisionist perspective on the Holocaust , and I outspokenly debated my poli-sci teacher accordingly .	For the point of view: I wrote a final paper for an English class, which was basically a revisionist view of the Holocaust, and I openly debated my political science teacher.	0
My wife and I both support the idea , so I have been looking for information on the internet and came across this census map from 1990 .	My wife and I supported the idea, so I’ve been looking for information on the Internet and found this 1990 census map.	0
No it is not accepted and it is pushed in our face by the joo run media time and time again but most people who dissaprove of mixed raced relationships just ignore the people involved .	No, it’s not accepted and is being pushed back and forth in our faces by the media, but most people who disagree with mixed racial relationships simply ignore those involved.	0
Good.	well to	0
Of course it sucks that we will perhaps have a left winged government that will throw most of that money away on immigrants and aid to african countries	Of course, we will have a left-wing government that will throw most of the money on aid to immigrants and African countries.	0
Lift weights , eat a lot of meat , train BJJ/Muay Thai .	Lift weight, eat a lot of meat, BJJ/Muay Thai.	0
I dont like reporting people but the last thing I will do is tolerate some stupid pig who claims Hungarians are Tatars .	I don’t like to report to people, but the last thing I would do was to tolerate some foolish pigs claiming that the Hungarians are Tatars.	0
Officials are puzzled as to the cause .	Officers are confused about the cause.	0
Do s and Don ts When Stopped By Police and Carrying a Firearm ( VIDEO ) By Steve Straub January 25 , 2014 Do 's and Do n'ts When Stopped By Police and Carrying a Firearm ( VIDEO ) - The Federalist Papers	Do's and Don'ts When Stopped by Police and Carrying a Firearm (Video) by Steve Straub January 25, 2014	0
I too am from cali , but moved out to utah to get away from all the filth .	I also come from cali, but I moved to utah to get rid of all the dirt.	1
Hey, hey now let 's not bury this so fast .	Do not ask so quickly.	0
Disgusted that Birmingham has gone from the `` workshop of the world '' ( a city of a thousand trades ) to producing scumbags like this .	It is disgusting that Birmingham has passed from the "world workshop" (a city of a thousand) to the production of scumbages like this.	1
At least people in the US have guns to defend themselves .	At least in the United States people have weapons to defend themselves.	0
Olje på lerret , 60 x 70 cm .	Oil on the bed, 60 x 70 cm	2
Get armor for your kids !	Give armor to your children!	0
The subtle message .	The subliminal message.	0
Robinson ended up hawking the cannon to Top Paid Scrap , a salvage company in the 13000 block of Chef Menteur Highway in eastern New Orleans , according to a New Orleans police report filed in conjunction with Robinson 's arrest .	Robinson eventually transferred the gun to Top Paid Scrap, a rescue company located in the 13,000 district of the Chef Menteur Highway in eastern New Orleans, according to a report from the New Orleans police related to Robinson's arrest.	0
half white is still superior because how come every person I know who is half white is good at everything no matter about what other race is in um ..	Half-white is still superior, because I know that every half-White is good at anything, no matter what the other races are at.	0
Its only 1 extra kid than we normally have and if we all do it and tell are white neighbors to do it I know it would make a difference .	It’s just one extra child than we normally have, and if we say we’re white neighbors and we do it, I know it’ll make a difference.	0
Are there are a lot of white pride kids at your school ??	Do you have a lot of white proud children in your school?	0
- YouTube	and YouTube.	0
If a J frame .38 wont deal with it , you should n't be screwing with it without a long gun .	If a J.38 frame doesn’t handle it, you shouldn’t do it without a long gun.	0
It made it on CNN , so I 'm thinking it was probably an illegal YouTube - Lou Dobbs Reports A Gang Ripe ?	It made it on CNN, so I think it was probably illegal YouTube - is Lu Doobs reporting the gang reef?	0
Thank you internet .	Thanks for the internet.	0
exactly.	Exactly so.	0
Happend the other day after class , the black was the one who backed down .	The next day after the class ended, the black man retreated.	3
I just do n't have the extra concern to care about Tibet ...	I no longer care about Tibet.	0
Anyone have any thoughts on the best way to turn this water into drinking water ?	Does anyone have any ideas about how to turn this water into drinking water?	0
Is that sign like Passop ? danger .	Do you think this sign is dangerous?	0
Go to his web site and check it out and get active .	Go to its site and check it and become active.	0
YouTube - & #x202a ; Police Brutality In Jamaica Caught On Tape Disturbing Footage Of Police Killing Man Cold Blooded Terribel & #x202c ; & rlm ; It 's just the way blacks react ...	YouTube - & #x202a ; Jamaican police cruelty captured on tape and video of policemen killing people with cold blood & # x202c ; & rlm ; It's how black people react.	0
Guess I 'm not white .	Suppose I am not a white man.	0
Black males are put on pedestal by the media - white women love them , sports heroes , rappers with all the `` bling '' .	Black men are put on the pedestal by the media – white women love them and have all the “blings” of sports heroes.	0
God rest this man 's soul .	God will rest the soul of this man.	0
Sort of a back handed compliment that the anti-Whites are so keen to come on here and tell us that all is lost - in their heart of hearts even they must know that what they have constructed is only temporary and all will be ripped down some day .	The anti-white are so eager to come here and tell us that everything is lost - in their hearts, even if they have to know that what they have built is only temporary, and that everything will one day be torn apart.	1
Skin color alone does not make a race .	The color of the skin alone does not create a race.	0
I personally do not think blacks in africa are strong like the ones outside. i guess it is hard to say which race is stronger. maybe no race is stronger , it could be down to individual .	I personally don’t think African black people are as strong as outside black people, but I think it’s hard to say which race is strong.	0
Let 's use this one for videos and posting everywhere .	Use it for the video and post it everywhere.	0
My translation offer stands .	The translation offer is standing.	0
If anyone wants to hook up , let me know .	If someone wants to get up, let me know.	0
Im always mystified by the way that those most set on getting rid of partition are always those who want to have nothing at all to do with the PUL community in the north .	I’ve always been mystified in the way that the people who are most determined to break up the division are those who want to have nothing to do with the PUL community in the north.	0
It is very hard for average Whites to see their own disenfranchisement , let alone realize that it is planned .	It’s very difficult for the average white to see their own disenfranchization, however, realizing that it’s planned.	0
The moment I saw the hammer & sickle on the cover , I practically threw the game back onto the shelf and walked away .	When I saw it on the cover, I actually threw the game back on the shelf and left.	0
How you going to get out this time ?	How will you come out this time?	0
Rampage Productions Welcome to the Blood and Honour Forum	Welcome to Blood and Honour Forum	0
How do you explain China , a totally government owned and controlled communistic nation , yet it wastes the world 's resources on junk and building empty cities ?	How can China, a communist state wholly owned and controlled by the government, explain that it is wasting the world’s resources on building garbage and empty cities?	0
Are they somehow less worthy because they fought for the `` wrong '' side ? 2508	Are they somehow not worthy because they are fighting for the “wrong” side?	0
https : //www.stormfront.org/forum/t111114 / https : //www.stormfront.org/forum/t108388 / https : //www.stormfront.org/forum/showthread.php ? t = 108610 https : //www.stormfront.org/forum/t108427 / Make this a great VValentines Day for our movement GOOD LUCK TO ALL WHO WILL BE PASSING OUT THE FLYRES http://www.whitefreespeech.com/sub/i...fleaflets.html	HTTPS: //www.stormfront.org/forum/t111114 / https: // www.t108388/https: / www.stornfront.com/showthread.php? t = 108610 HTTP: //WEB www.mortemfront.fr/forum / t108427 / Make this great Valentine's Day for our move good luck to all those who will be passed out of the flowers http://www.whitefreespeech.com / under/i...fleaflets.html	0
Need to break out my Brittany Spears outfit I guess ..	I have to break my Brittany Spears dress, I think.	0
things u put on yer teeth just kidding ... seen guys with those things that suppose to hold up pants ? theyre red or white ? and theyre not belts. welcome to skinhead charades .	They are red or white, and they are not belts, welcome to the skinhead charades.	1
Yup, after they get married , some still work and get the idiots to bring over their husbands under the guise of `` family members '' .	Yup, after marriage, some people still work, allowing the fool to bring his husband back under the taste of "family members".	0
[quote=Holston;7597407] God is the one that claims to be merciful and not like nature .	7597407 It is God who claims to be merciful and unlike nature.	0
I am 100 % Irish , All of my ancestors were white irish and there has only been one mix in my extended family and that was a white English person .	I am a hundred percent Irish, my ancestors are white Irish, and there is only one mixture in my family, that is, white English.	0
Asmodean	asmodian	0
Observer14.........	The observer 14...	0
I'm waiting on a new computer so i will scan some in next week when photoshop is reisntalled ...	I’m waiting for a new computer, so I’ll scan some next week when photoshop gets back...	0
Have a blast Fauster Peace out : laugh	There was an explosion in Faster Peace Out: Laughter	0
65% of all media coverage in britain is the BBC and they are openly biased towards the left and the others are n't much better .	65% of all media coverage in the UK is BBC, and they have publicly a bias on the left and others are not much better.	0
We all know who is responsible for this .	We are all aware who is responsible for that.	0
Plus who leaves their car open at night and in the city !?	Who leaves his car open at night and in town?	0
Cut out the chip and soda , candy and sweet drinks Spend 2hr s 3days a week in gym .	Cut chips and soda, sweets and sweet drinks Spend 2 hours 3 days a week at the gym.	0
Golden Gate is nothing but Hispanics , with some Haitians thrown it .	The golden door is nothing more than the Hispanics, with some Haitians who threw it.	0
I just cannot understand someone wanting to risk losing their lives or limbs halfway around the world in a conflict that does not concern Ireland at all .	I can’t just understand someone who wants to risk the loss of their lives or their extremes in the middle of the world in a conflict that doesn’t affect Ireland at all.	0
Food and water will obviously be very important , and the means to defend it What a defense force ... they are all haunted ... say hi to Casper in Upington , what a good soul	Food and water, obviously, will be very important, and the means to defend him What a defense force... everyone is amazed... say hello to Casper in Upington, what a good soul.	0
The Silver Medal Women 's US Softball team is probably all dykes considering how much dykes like softball .	The U.S. Softball team of the Silver Medal Women is probably all considered dicks, as many dicks like Softball.	0
Actually, They will be raised by there mother along with their father , the US government .	In fact, they are raised by their mother along with their father, the U.S. government.	0
Yeah iam from Edinburgh and i when i was at secondary school my classes where full of blacks and pakis and half them could hardly speak english .	Yes, I came from Edinburgh, and when I was in high school, my classroom was full of black and black, and half of them were almost unable to speak English.	0
An even smaller pellet is probably ideal , #4 Buck , perhaps .	A smaller pellets would probably be ideal, #4 Buck.	0
With the liberal media and police departments under reporting black crime they have been given a pass on their ghetto ways so many times that it as becomes acceptable behavior for them as there is no real consequences for it .	With free media and police departments reporting black crimes, they have been allowed on the roads of their isolated areas so many times that this is an acceptable behavior for them, as there are no real consequences.	1
Thankyou all for allowing me to vent as I feel so angry .......	Thank you all for letting me breathe while I am so angry.	0
Hopefully can find work once i am done .	I hope I can find a job once it is done.	0
I think the circumstances surrounding his death are very suspicious .	The circumstances surrounding his death are extremely suspicious.	0
Another reason it might say so in the Census is because whites like me refused to fill out the census , to deliberately help skew it towards whinorities .	Another reason I can say so in a population survey is because white people like me refused to fill in the population report.	0
http://www.newnation.tv/forums/showthread.php ? t = 207286	HTTP://www.newation.com/forums/showthread.php? t = 20276	0
Kindest Regards JE .	The most kind to me.	0
My Mind 's Eye - Small Faces - YouTube	My Mind's Eyes - Little Face - YouTube	0
He sent me a PM the other day saying all is well just staying off SF but checking in now and then .	He sent me a PM the next day, who said everything is fine, just to stay out of SF, but to check now and then.	0
Yes, now if we could just get this whole time machine thing figured out , when we got back all we would see are smiling white faces .	Yes, now if we can clear up the stuff of this full-time machine, when we come back, all we see are smiling white faces.	0
you could easily describe democracy as the destruction of the whites. at least national socialism cared about it 's own people rather than others .	You could easily describe democracy as the destruction of the white; at least national socialism was worried about its own people instead of the others.	0
For example , on the second day of the week , the Brits celebrated the God `` Tyr '' ( Tyrsday ) ; on the third day of the week , they celebrated the God Odin , known in Saxon as `` Wodin '' ( Wodinsday ) ; on the fourth day of the week , they celebrated Thor ( Thorsday ) and on the fifth day of the week celebrated Frigg ( Friggsday ) .	For example, the British celebrated the God “Tyr” (Tyrsday) on the second day of the week; on the third day of weeks they celebrating the God Odin, known in Saxony as “Wodinsday”; on the fourth day of week they celebrates Thor (Thorsday) and on the fifth day of a week they celebrate Frigg (Friggsday).	0
11	1 1 2	0
Innocent whites including white children all murdered by heartless groid savages .	All innocent white people, including white children, were killed by heartless barbarians.	1
A wee child can learn to rhyme in school and blacks pride themselves on this skill ?	Can a gentle child learn the rhythm at school, and the black people are proud of this skill?	3
Anyway , I intentionally do n't make clear whether I 'm married or not , or whether I 'm a father or mother , because this is 2014 and the NSA and FBI are everywhere , and I like having plausible deniability .	In any case, I don’t make it clear whether I’m married or not, or whether I am father or mother, because it’s 2014 and that the NSA and the FBI are everywhere, and I like to have plausible negativity.	0
I was away for the weekend that is why I did get around to posting my blood group ( I do n't see why I should bother anyway ) BTW , I am in blood group `` O ''	I went on a weekend so I got around to post my blood group (I don’t know why I should worry anyway) BTW, I’m in the blood group “O”	0
http://www.wavy.com/Global/story.asp?S=6591380http://content.hamptonroads.com/stor ... 5810 & ran = 71385	HTTP://www.wavy.com/Global/Story.asp?S=6591380http://content.hamptonroads.com... 580 & ran = 71385	0
If that number is correct then it is impressive .. those men were heroes and patriots who faught for our way of life against red army .	If this number is correct, then it is impressive...these men were heroes and patriots who held prisoners against the Red Army for our way of life.	0
perhaps if you set up the school in a white country then it will catch on and spread to multiracial parts of the world ?	Maybe if the school is set up in a white country, then it will catch up and spread to the multi-racial parts of the world?	0
If you are looking to become involved , I would suggest you try calling the National Alliance in Houston at ( 713 ) 684-6614 .	If you want to join, I suggest you try calling the National Alliance in Houston (713) 684-6614.	0
To hell with making a stand , i think we should all go to the southwest and go on the offenceive and drive every race down into Mexico .	Sitting in hell, I think we all have to go to the southwest and go to an aggressive place and go down all the races to Mexico.	1
Overpenetration IS a serious concern .	Overpenetration is a major concern.	0
That 's a little scary .	That's a bit scary.	0
We barely have rail .	There is hardly any rail.	0
This is off-topic , but since you brought that forth I suppose that you have to be answered .	This is off topic, but since you have presented it, I think you should answer.	0
Education is the only way to beat this ..	Education is the sole way to beat it.	0
SMH you all do n't understand Hitler 's message , it was that all people should be proud of their nation and all people should improve themselves within their own national community ( volksgemeinshaft ) .	The message of Hitler is not understood, it is that everyone should be proud of their country, all people should raise themselves within their own national community (Volksgemeinshaft).	0
I will be reading this while away for Christmas .	I will read this during Christmas.	0
You now have a new friend from Pembroke Pines , Florida .	You now have new friends from Pembroke Pines, Florida.	0
still looking for white people of the same belief to talk to or maybe hang out.stength is in numbers and georgia is getting outnumbered as we speak .	still looking for white people of the same belief to talk or maybe go out. the strength is in number and Georgia is becoming more and more numerous as we talk.	0
I am moving there tomorrow afternoon would love to meet other WP people in the area .	I am there tomorrow afternoon I would like to meet other people from the WP in the area.	0
That 's about the same as saying the sky is blue , or the grass is green .	This is about the same as it is said that the sky is blue, or the grass is green.	0
What other choices do i have ?	What other options do I have?	0
Worker .	Employee	0
Instead I am seeing this tiny percentage of black wrestlers taking all the MMA spots .	Instead, I’m seeing this small percentage of black fighters take all of their MMA points.	0
YouTube - Multicultural Enrichment ( stop violence ! )	YouTube - Multicultural Wealth (Stop Violence! )	0
Welcome to Stormfront and please do n't sell your chances short !	Welcome to Stormfront, please don’t sell your chance short!	0
Or the traffic lite ?	Or a little traffic?	0
I spent quite a bit of time with April and driving around with my new van .	I spent a little time with April, and I was driving with my new car.	0
It's an American term that most people in Britain and Ireland would never have heard if it was n't for American tv shows .	It’s an American term that most people in the UK and Ireland would never hear if it wasn’t an American television program.	0
-Zoë	by Zoë	0
Not because the white man was evil , but because the `` natives '' were .	Not because the white people are evil, but because the “indigenous people” are.	0
Yea like the resistance the Christian Churches put up against the communists right ?	Yes, as the resistance that the Christian churches have established against the communists?	0
She and Tarja ( old singer from Nightwish ) are my top two favorite clean female vocals .	She and Tarza (the old singer of Nightwish) are two of my favorite clean female voices.	0
that prince who married that asian is a freak. imagine his half and half kids growing up and trying to marry into other royal families	Imagine that the prince who married that Asian man was crazy, and his half-children were trying to grow up and marry other royal families.	1
Well It would me more uplifting if people threw themselves headfirst behind racial loyalty and make the individual sacrifice for the group but that is up to the individual to make that decision .	If people throw themselves first behind racial loyalty and make personal sacrifices for a group, it would be more exciting to me, but that decision is up to the individual.	0
here is someone who in a round about way supports your argument and you tear them to bits. do you know what you believe in or not ?	Here’s someone who, in one way or another, supports your argument and you break them into pieces.	0
They are white kids who want to be black .	They are white children that want to be black.	0
My great grand dad was Lord of the Manor in Warborough ( Oxfordshire ) .	My grandfather was the owner of Manor in Warborough (Oxfordshire).	0
Go to the Downunder section to read up on the news on how Arabs got their asses kicked and even the police were running away in fear .	Go to the below section to read the news about how the Arabs catch their ass and even the police flee in fear.	0
Are the Feds afraid of the tiny handful of citizens who own them ?	Is the federal government afraid of the few citizens who own them?	0
We MUST .. stand together This dived and conqer bullcrap has got to end .... now !	We... have to stand together.This turning and difficult bullcrap has ended.... now!	0
Swinging On Both Females Guys Nobody Tries To Stop It	Two women turn around, no one tries to stop it.	0
In ideological training I forbid every attack against Christ as a person , since such attacks or insults that Christ was a Jew are unworthy of us and certainly untrue historically .	In the ideological training, I prohibit any attack on Christ as a person, because such an attack or insult on Christ being Jewish is not worthy of us, historically untrue.	0
To love ones people in these dark ages is considered a weakness to be exploited .	Loving people in these dark times is considered a weakness that must be exploited.	0
I'm from France but it 's so hard to find any people who are proud to be white and who share the same ideas than me.Let me know ... :	I am from France but it’s so hard to find anyone who is proud of being white and who shares the same ideas as me.	0
Oh yes and to round it all off we have new neighbours moved in .	Oh yes, and to turn it all around, we moved a new neighbor.	0
Here is your logic : some whites are corrupt whores for Jewish supremacists , therefore Whites should not oppose Jewish supremacist extermination of all Whites and JS efforts to control humanity 's future .	Here is their logic: some white people are corrupt by Jewish supremacists, so white people should not oppose the supreme Jewish extermination of all white people and the JS efforts to control the future of mankind.	1
Elevating the negro to iconic status , is bad business .	To raise black people to an iconic position is a bad business.	1
I'm not a skin ... although my head has been shaved a few times !	I am not skin, even though my head has been shaved a few times!	0
Africans are tall , thin and lanky and pretty ugly beasts . ... and I 'm just being kind .	African people are tall, thin, rough, very ugly animals... and I’m just kind.	1
And then there are those who would settle for having their boredom aleviated by chatting with a white woman via an instant messenger service .	Then there are those who will ease their boredom by chatting with white women through instant messaging services.	0
Instead of hearing rap music and looking at bling , The song dogs ( coyotes ) will serenade you ... This is the kind of stuff I love to talk about .	Instead of listening to rap music and watching bling, singing dogs (coyotes) will serenate you...That’s the kind of things I like to talk about.	0
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Chopinhttp://search.playlist.com/tracks/Frederic % 20Chopin	HTTP://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Chopinhttp/sarch.playlist.com/tracks/Frederic% 10Chopin	0
Saw a lot more white kids this year , and more houses open .	This year, we saw more white children, and more houses opened.	0
There was lots of talk a few years ago of Asian students performing brilliantly , outperforming many Whites and others in school .	A few years ago, there were many conversations about Asian students who performed brilliantly and outperformed many whites and others in school.	0
The stores I went to had the non night sights model for $ 775 to $ 860 I paid $ 700 for the night sight model new because they had a sale on sigs .	I went to the store with non-night vision models for $775 to $860, and I paid $700 for night vision models because they had a selling price.	0
He allegedly grabbed a knife from the home s kitchen and ended up stabbing Engelhardt s father , Alan , 57 , and maternal grandmother , Marlene Gacek , 73 .	He grabbed a knife in the kitchen of his house and beat Engelhardt’s father, Alan (57), and his mother’s grandmother, Marlene Gacek (73).	0
Something similar is happening in Belgium at the moment , but on a larger scale .	The same thing is happening now in Belgium, but on a larger scale.	0
I 'm not saying `` do n't go out of your house and do n't talk to anyone '' but it 's really important to stay grounded with a group who are n't part of the mass. It 's much easier to remain independent and avoid being caught under the stampede if you have a reminder that you are n't the only person who 's not part of the mass. Uuuugh !	I’m not saying “don’t leave your house and don’t talk to anyone,” but it’s really important to stay on the ground with a group that’s not part of the mass.	0
FUNNY!!!	It is fun!!!	0
cant seem to find it where abouts on the site is it ? all i can get is the thing on football hooliganism	All I can get is the thing on football hooliganism.	0
I got a pm from him in which he cliams to write for the Sunday Independent 's Life magazine , enough said	I received a PM from him when he noticed he was writing for the Sunday Independent magazine.	0
Click on the `` DOWNLOAD ( 7.39 MB ) '' link .	Click on the link “DOWNLOAD (7.37 MB)”.	0
I knew a kid down the street who was home schooled and he didnt act like a kid his age should .	I knew there was a child on the street who was educated at home and who did not behave as a child of his age should.	0
Soccer and Music .	The football and music.	3
But i wanted to be friends with them too .	I want to be friends with them, too.	0
Shoots good groups .	Shoot a good group.	0
Where did you go to school in Oregon ?	Where did you attend school in Oregon?	0
i'd like to know more about this debate .. is anyone welcome and where exactly is it being held ? good work by the way Mr.Roach. nice publicity .	I would like to know more about this discussion.. anyone is welcome and exactly where is it being held? good working method Mr.Roach. good promotion.	0
Its common to for whites to love ethnics when they do n't know any as all they have seen is the pc image of them on tv .	It’s common for white people to love their ethnicity when they don’t know anything, and they only see their PC images on TV.	3
State Sanctioned racist murder of white farmers in South Africa FULL SCREEN BEST www.youtube.com/watch ? v = SKG72AviEFw	The State-Sanctioned Racist Assassination of White Farmers in South Africa www.youtube.com/watch? v = SKG72AviEFw	0
He was also charged with burglary , larceny and possession of stolen property .	He was also charged with theft, robbery and stolen property ownership.	0
Good point , straight people do get aids .	Honest people get help.	0
There was probably a lot more as well , those documents just got ' lost ' .	Maybe there’s a lot more, these files are just “lost”.	0
Notice how not one of these Hungarians gave one good source validating their preposterous claims , they just came here to complain and start name calling , just as stupid liberals do .	Note that none of these Hungarians provided a good source to justify what they claimed; they just came here to complain like the stupid liberals.	1
However I cannot name all of these certain characteristics because I am neither an anthropologist or a geneticist .	However, I can’t name all of these characteristics, because I’m neither anthropologist nor a geneticist.	0
Ð ´ Ð ¸ Ð 3\/4 - YouTube	Part 3 – YouTube	2
For starters it would be good to obtain a few hundred thousand dollars for a small farm , or a million or two for a bigger one .	In the beginning, it would be good to get a few million dollars for a small farm, and a million or two for a larger farm.	0
damn! at least that sounds more plausable than a stupid sea. maybe look on ebay ??? are u sure there is none left ???	At least it sounds more certain than the stupid sea. look at eBay??? you are sure that nothing remains	0
I believe that Ireland needs a WN party and quite quickly after the amount of non whites that I seen while in Dublin .	I think Ireland needs a WN match and pretty quickly after the number of non-whites I saw while I was in Dublin.	0
I do not watch TV , and neither does my husband .	I don’t watch television, nor do my husband.	0
The Rest Of The Story	The remainder of the story	0
She was probably the victim of a groid rage rape also .	She was also a victim of intense violence.	1
I hope not much people will trust all that propaganda .	I hope there are not many people who trust this propaganda.	0
Being a cop will quickly open your eyes to the `` joys of diversity . ''	Becoming a police officer will soon open your eyes to “the joy of diversity.”	0
You can have a high I.Q. and still have friends , i mean i ai n't a doctor or anything but i 've still got a decent i.q and i have like half my year as friends ( except all foreigners )	You can have a high IQ and still have friends, I mean I’m not a doctor or nothing but I still have a decent IQ and I’ve had half of my years as a friend (all except for foreigners).	0
We just need a bunch of us to move into one small White town .	We just need one of us to move to a small white village.	0
Try that .	try this.	0
It makes me laugh every time the liberals complain about mugabe 's failed state , as their the very people who helped create it .	It is what makes me laugh every time liberals complain about Mugabe’s failed state, and they helped themselves create it.	0
Back when I was a kid , even the black folks called them that .... `` Ooohhh I' z cai n't wait until Crimusz , I' z gonna get me sum of dem niggah-toes and oranguz fo ' Crimusz , an ' sum peppahmintz ; dey shoa iz gud ! ''	When I was a child, the black people even called it... “Oohhh, I don’t wait until Crimusz, I’ll get a sum of Crimus’ niggah bags and orangutans, a “sum peppahmintz; dey shoa iz god!”	1
Race Mixing is and has been a huge problem for of kin for many many years , how on earth are you supposed to protect women who think its ok in the first place ?	Racial mixing has been, and has always been, a huge issue for relatives for years, how on earth you should protect those women who think it’s good.	0
Is it that hard to comprehend that your plan is Utopian ?	Is it so difficult to understand that your plan is Utopian?	0
YouTube - MACEDONIAN FANS IN CROATIA And this : YouTube - Izlezi momce MACEDONIA VS GREAT BRITAIN 23.08.2010	YouTube - Croatian Macedonian fans and this: YouTube - Izlezi momce MACEDONIA VS GREAT BRITAIN August 23, 2010	0
Could be the greater emphasis on functionality is shared between the styles of architecture .	A greater emphasis on functionality can be shared between architectural styles.	0
Damn , I 'm cool .	Damn, I’m very cool.	0
Lager scale .	The scale.	0
I remember when I was at my college during the Holidays ... every single holiday would be mentioned loud and clear except for Christmas ... especially kwanzaa .	I remember when I was at my college during the holidays, but every holiday except for Christmas is mentioned loudly and clearly.	0
Why would I want to contribute to the Kneegrow and spic 's wellbeing ?	Why would I like to contribute to the well-being of Kneegrow and Spic?	1
There are really few Jews and millions of those bastards on the body of our country .	There are really a few Jews and millions of those bastards in the body of our country.	1
Too bad most of the guys he catches are white .	Most of the people he caught were white.	0
Land prices are slowly rising up here because of tourism , but only get crazy when you get closer to traverse city .	Land prices are slowly rising here due to tourism, but it only becomes crazy when you approach to cross the city.	0
Just be thankful they have n't thought of it themselves .	Thank you for not thinking it yourself.	0
Write back if you want to talk .	Please write back if you wish to talk.	0
They have a hierarchy .	It has a hierarchy.	0
Oh dear mother of grace !	Oh my dear Mother of Grace!	0
A very eurocentric , pro-western/european civ documentary https : //www.stormfront.org/forum/t994651 / DOWN WITH EUROPHOBIA	A very eurocentric, pro-west/European Civ documentation https : //www.stormfront.org/forum/t994651 / DOWNWITH EUROOPHOBIA	0
Well done .	But well done.	0
It is amazing what they accomplished back then without the distractions and crappy public schools .	Surprisingly, they accomplished what they did without distraction and madness in public schools.	0
http://www.youtube.com/watch ? v = vaEZZnW _ MJo	HTTP://www.youtube.com/watch? v=vaEZZnW	0
S.African police clash with poor protesters | Top News | Reuters Hand the country over to Muds and what do you expect .	South African police face poor protesters.Top News Reuters Deliver the country to Muds and what you expect.	1
Oh and the Sun Wheel is a Pagan Symbol before the spread of Christianity ....	Oh, and the sun wheel is a pagan myth before the spread of Christianity.	0
Thanks...	Thank you...	0
I was hoping that at least one of those animals would get their heads lobbed off by the propeller blades like in Dawn of The Dead .	I hoped that at least one of these animals would pass their heads from the propellers as in Dawn of the Dead.	0
It should be back up any day , and the link to the store is actually www.14store.com/shop which you can look at but not yet buy at , once it 's back up .	It should be returned every day, and the link to the shop is actually www.14store.com/shop, which you can see but not yet buy as soon as it is returned.	0
Another piece of media propaganda is on the TV now .	Another piece of the media propaganda is now on television.	0
And the general idea is to pick anyone on the site thats logged in to say hello .	And the general idea is to choose someone on the site who will sign up to say hello.	0
YouTube - DOG SET ON FIRE WHILE GIVING BIRTH YouTube - Animal Abuse at Child Care Center In Chicago Ghetto	YouTube - Dog burned while giving birth YouTube - Abuse of animals in a child care center in the Chicago ghetto	0
I have no idea of how many might be here .	I don’t know how many of them could be here.	0
Character means more than intelligence .	Character is much more than intelligence.	0
I dont doubt what your saying about the BNP and i hope they do well .	I have no doubts about what you say about BNP, and I hope they do well.	0
I thank you for your dedication to our cause .	We thank you for your commitment to our cause.	0
I hate the word racist it makes people being called racist think that they are doing something wrong when they the immigrants coming here are doing something wrong	I hate the racist word that makes people who call themselves racists think they’re doing something wrong when they immigrants who come here do something wrong.	1
We can all put down our torches go home and suck some Jew d@cK JUST LIKE YOU !	We can all drop our torpedoes and go home and suck some Jews like you!	1
Cool site !	Great site!	0
I was sort of hoping that they will bring back Ebola and spread it around to their own kind and the rest of the undesirables who are not wanted here .	I have a hope that they will bring Ebola back and spread it to their own type and other unnecessary people here.	1
I shall not waste a single more moment of my time to converse with you .	I will not waste a minute of my time talking to you.	0
Relatively new band from Finland and all lyrics in suomi .	A relatively new band from Finland, all lyrics are in Suomi.	0
White Pride World Wide ..	White pride all over the world	0
BTW.Are you allread in the Texas site.I can send you an invite if you 're not.We 've got over a 100 members so far .	I can send you an invitation if you are not.We have over 100 members so far.	0
Congratulations on your decision , 88WhiteTiger88 .	Congratulations to your decision, 88WhiteTiger88.	0
Now it is also the largest American owned brewery .	It is now also the largest American-owned brewery.	0
Yeah, Hell on earth .	Yes, the hell on earth.	0
I 'm sure Gaelic games especially hurling would be too rough for them also .	I’m sure the game, especially the shock, was too hard for them.	0
Light skin but dark hair ...	Light skin, dark hair.	0
As i say iam active in another party and their meeting was where i live so i thought i would turn up .	As I said, I was active on another party, and their meetings were where I lived, so I thought I would appear.	0
I think anyone who wants to give up the Swedish welfare state is an enemy of Sweden and certainly no nationalist .	I think anyone who wants to give up the Swedish welfare state is Sweden’s enemy, not a nationalist, of course.	0
Sounds like a heavenly community .	It sounds like a community of heaven.	0
glad to see so many people out here seems like we are few and far the way things are out here	I am pleased to see so many people come out of here, we are few, and far from the way things come out here.	0
Wiggers by nature are very much influenced by peer pressure ( that 's why they are wiggers ) so make fun of their attire and mannerisms and say things like `` why do n't you act like a white man for a change '' or `` you are really sad , why are you ashamed of being white ? ''	Wiggers are, by nature, very influenced by the pressure of peers (this is why they are wiggers), so enjoy their attraction and their ways and say things like "why you don't act like a white man for a change" or "you're really sad, why you're ashamed to be white"	0
Once the negros start coming in bunches it will be a hellhole and the whites will have to leave again and start a new community .	Once the black people begin to enter the group, it will be a hell hole and the white people will have to leave again and start a new community.	1
I would think most girls would like to dress and look nice for their man anyways .	I think most girls want to be dressed and look beautiful to their husband.	0
Like I said , the world has gone to the freaks !!	As I said, the world is going to the freaks!!	0
I suppose that 's why all I get out of you is `` loose ends '' ?	I say, “Why do you guess that all that I get out of you is the ‘dirty end’?”	0
It's not government money , it 's taxpayer money and they should spend it as they see fit .	It’s not government money, it’s the taxpayer’s money, and they should spend it in the way they think is appropriate.	0
She is certainly an enigma .	It is definitely a mystery.	0
Probably, especially if they are legitimate refugees from a war conflict , as opposed to the fake black and brown refugees that are flooding the country now .	It is likely, especially if they are legal refugees from the conflict of war, as opposed to the current flood of fake black and brown refuges.	1
I've had this on my mind most of the day ... it 'll be important to know others in your area who you can network with .	I’ve had this in mind most of the day... it’s going to be important to know other people in your area with whom you can connect.	0
But unfortunately , Maine 's become the dumping ground for Somalis and other African trash .	But unfortunately, Maine's are becoming a dumping spot for Somalians and other African garbage.	1
I'm from Riverside , but my Gf lives in San Diego .. so i 'm down there a couple of times a week Welcome to StormFront , Sister .	I am from Riverside, but my Gf lives in San Diego, so I go down a few times a week to welcome to StormFront, sister.	0
Compared to the stunningly beautiful white Swedish females she is just a barfy mixed breed dog .	Compared to the astonishingly beautiful Swedish white females, she is just a mixed-race dog.	1
Yes, he has a red Firebird so the wigger 's parents thought he had promise just like all those fictional characters on t.v.	Yes, he had a red fire bird, so Wigger's parents thought he had promises, just like all these fictional characters.	1
They are moving the town of Church 's Falls .	They’re moving the city of Church’s Falls.	0
Can someone suggest any reliable online sources for information on the anthropological classifications of the different populations in the Scandinavian / Baltic countries ?	Can anyone suggest a reliable online source for information on the anthropological classification of the various populations of the Scandinavian/Baltic countries?	0
It took me forever to find these documents ....	It took me a long time to find this document...	0
The ' Civilization ' series narrated by Kenneth Clark is free on Youtube .	The “Civilization” series, told by Kenneth Clark, is available for free on YouTube.	0
They follow the queen ant and would die for her .	They follow the queen ants and will die for her.	0
In this board is allowed to discuss , not to insult .	On this board, you can discuss and not insult.	0
Calvin College , Grand Rapids , Mich.	Calvin College and Grand Rapids.	0
I wonder ???? 11	Do you want to know? 11	0
The Christian culture still engages in human sacrifices on a daily basis - let 's take a look at some of their ritual practices : [ IMG ] http://torture.justsick * * * * .com/wp-content/uploads/2007/10/butter-electric-chair-botched.jpg [ /IMG ] Another sacrifical victim is dispatched .....	Christian culture is still dealing with human sacrifice every day - let's look at some of the practices of their rituals: [ IMG ] http://torture.justsick * * ** *.com/wp-content/uploads/2007/10/butter-electric-chair-botched.jpg [ /IMG] Another victim is sent....	0
It's a good to add a hint of truth in your essay 's but maybe you have it better off then I did at high school , every teacher I had was very liberal and anti-racist , and could barely accept the truth .	It’s good to add a hint of truth to your essay, but I’d done better at high school, and all the teachers I had were very free, racist, and barely accepted the truth.	1
A guy could shoot anything in that $ 140 Leinad 410 double barrel .	A guy could shoot anything in this $140 Leinad410 double barrel.	0
I think there was a link on the News forum and if I 'm not mistaken , I believe White Settlement is a suburb of Ft .	I think there is a link on the news forum, and if I’m not wrong, I think the white settlement is the suburbs of FT.	0
When are we going to stand up and say this has got to stop , that is the most ridiculous thing I have ever heard .	When we’re going to get up and say that it should stop, it’s the most ridiculous thing I’ve ever heard.	0
Hungary must stick to its guns it is a sad day when sticking to ones guns means simply enforcing the law as proscribed	Hungary has to hold on to its weapons, it’s a sad day when holding on to the weapon simply means enforcing the law as prohibited.	0
When I was in grammar school I would go to the library every few days and get a new Hardy Boys book .	When I was in grammar school, I went to the library every day to buy a new Hardy Boys book.	0
Im in Roxbury .	In Roxbury.	0
Is Africa the epitome of progress or what ?	Is Africa the epitom of progress, or what?	3
Hopefully they wo n't settle in US black communities and pick up their bad habits .	They hope that they will not settle in the American black community and get bad habits.	1
You do n't need to understand , he did n't say anything important , every second word is Jesus Christ or something about Orthodox Christianity .	You don’t need to understand, he didn’t say anything important, every second word is about Jesus Christ or Orthodox Christianity.	0
- = Wulfi = -	Wulf = -	0
If you have any documented proof I 'd take this to Fox News .	If you have any documented evidence, I would bring it to Fox News.	0
I will most likely not be invited , but if anything should come out of it I hope you will share the news .	I’m probably not going to be invited, but if something comes out of it, I hope you’ll share the news.	0
Right now when I think of WASP 's , I think of New England liberals who have never had a taste of diversity in their life .	When I think about WASP now, I think of the New England liberals who have never tasted diversity in their lives.	1
I dont see how people can ignore this issue much longer .	I don’t see how people could ignore this issue so much longer.	0
Rest in peace Herr Hess .	Stay in peace, Mr. Hess.	0
Go for it , I was out of high school for nine years before I went back to school to get my bachelors in graphic arts and 3D design .	Going for it, I graduated high school for nine years before returning to school to earn my bachelor’s degree in Graphic Art and 3D Design.	0
Because the bread starts off all pure and white but once toasted it is a dark brown shade and is dry and hard and doesnt taste like bread at all ?	Because the bread starts with pure and white, but once roasted, it has a dark brown hue, is dry and hard, and has no taste like bread at all.	0
Fight proud England , Fight	Pride of England, fighting	0
Didn't you get the government memo ?	Have you not received the government's memo?	0
Honestly , they mostly come out very odd and funny looking .	Honestly, most of them come out looking very weird and interesting.	3
All too describe my sisters .	I describe all of my sisters too.	3
He has the blood of many muslims on his hands .	He holds the blood of many Muslims in his hands.	0
( Listen to the noise made at 0.34 - remind you of anything ? )	(Listening to the sounds made at 0.34 - would you like to remind me of something?)	0
All para-militaries are just criminal scum !!!!	All the paramilitary are just a criminal deception!!	1
And these words of wisdom come from a man that thinks another mans anus as well as his own was made to be used as a vagina :	These words of wisdom come from a man who thinks the anus of another person and his own are used as a vagina:	1
It would be far from the first time jews come up with a fake hate crimes and besides all they do in general , so they 're guilty until proven innocent .	It would be far from the fact that the Jews come up with a false crime of hatred for the first time, and in addition to everything they do in general, they are guilty until they are proven innocent.	1
The History channel had something on about what your talking about .	There was something on the history channel about what you were talking about.	0
It makes my flesh crawl when I see white girls having to be felt up as they walk down the hallways by big lipped spear chuckers. : attack	When I saw white girls having to be excited, my flesh would climb up as they walked in the hallways with big lips.	1
It is great to see one of the leaders of one of the top pro-White organizations in the world come onto Stormfront .	It’s great to see a leader from one of the world’s largest pro-white organizations coming to Stormfront.	0
Although they do appear trashy and promote race mixing , the two head figures in the band are white , are married and do have a white child .	Though they look very dirty and promote racial mixing, the top two characters in the band are white, married, and have a white child.	0
Some of the things I noticed were shop tailors dummies that were black , a couple of mud restaurants , and the germ of blacks being `` fashionable '' taking root .	Some of the things I noticed were the roots of black in the store cutting machines, some mudy restaurants, and black cells in “fashion”.	1
I cant believe you 've lasted this long on this forum	I can't believe you've been on this forum for so long.	0
and i bet not a single one was a dirty African.they will be well taken care of on welfare payments.just like the old days the Irish starve and have to go abroad to find work only this time parasitical foriegners stay here in nice new homes well fed watching big flat screen tellyspeople of Ireland WAKE UP !	And I bet no one is a dirty African. They would be good at caring for welfare payments. Like the Irish of the old days were hungry and had to go abroad to find work, only this time the parasite ancestors lived here in a beautiful new home, well fed watching the big flat screen telling the Irish waking up!	1
I 'm just pointing out our version of mercy and the God of the Bible are not even close to the same thing .	I just point out that our version of Mercy and the Bible of God is not even close to the same thing.	0
Ouuuuuuu , do I hate !	Oh oh, I hate it!	0
It tells you that the grand wizards in the oil kingdom are playing these folks for fools to help line their own pockets , and sadly , they 're succeeding .	It tells you that the great magicians of the oil kingdom are playing the fools for these people to help them clean up their pockets, and unfortunately they’re “successful.”	0
Simple truth is that sadly they are preparing them for the only future that marxism offers -	The simple truth, unfortunately, is that they prepare them for the only future that Marxism offers.	0
It is amazing to watch the newscasters report on all these cases , yet never make a connection .	It’s amazing to see newscasting reports about all these cases, but never connect.	0
I find this extremely interesting .	I think this is extremely interesting.	0
I've never been too into sports , but I think I just found a new favorite team ...	I have never been too much in the sport, but I think I have found a new favorite team...	0
A Male Patient May Have Just Brought Ebola To New York City From West Africa A Male Patient May Have Just Brought Ebola To New York City From West Africa	A male patient may have brought the Ebola virus to New York from West Africa, and a male patient has just brought the virus to the United States.	0
Or running to a mod seems to work for others when feelings are hurt .	Or running to a pattern that seems to work for others when emotions are hurt.	0
Thanks for the good stuff on here to show my kids .	Thank you very much for the good things here to show my children.	0
YouTube - Broadcast Yourself .	YouTube – Broadcast your own.	2
- YouTube	and YouTube.	2
Use PM to get in touch .	Use the PM to get into contact.	0
This was done about two summers ago when she was just a baby out on the tree in the front yard , she is WAY bigger now I will try and get the new pics up this week to show off of her and the pug both .	This was done two summer ago, when she was a baby on a tree in the front yard, but she is now getting bigger and this week will try to upload a new photo to show both her and the Poggs.	0
I run three miles a day during the week and day hike with my rifle and ALICE gear on the weekends .	I run three miles a day on weekends and I ride my rifle and ALICE equipment on Sundays.	0
Good to see more Norwegians	It is nice to see Norwegians.	0
Jesus Christ is Lord indeed .	Jesus Christ really is Lord.	0
I would expect more minute particles of aluminum to be left behind in your firearm in comparison to brass .	I expect there will be smaller particles of aluminum left on your gun compared to copper.	0
Why not start one yourselves ?	Why not begin one for yourself?	0
Thank you so much for enlightening us mystery guest !	Thank you very much for illuminating our mysterious guests!	0
They 'll all go to non denominational private schools .	They're all going to non-denominational private schools.	0
I want to get it done by a pro but money is tight .	I want to do it for a pro, but the money is tight.	0
Hang in their it will happen. seems it takes some woman years to figure out they dont like being treated bad. keep being nice but not a pushover .	It seems that it takes a few years for women to understand that they don’t like to be badly treated.	0
He is just telling the truth as usual the filthy jews need to clamp down as soon as possible .	As usual, he is telling the truth that dirty Jews should stop as soon as possible.	1
I went to trade school when I turned 18 for welding .	I went to business school when I was 18 years old for welding.	0
I've actually noticed that cops tend to share our beliefs more than just about any other government related profession .	I’ve actually noticed that police officers tend to share our beliefs more than other government-related professions.	0
They do n't need evidence .	They do not need proof.	0
Yes, everyone should check these videos out , as they 're a great way to introduce people to the idea of an open White Nationalist community ( PLE ) .	Yes, everyone should check out these videos, as they're a great way to introduce people to the idea of an open White Nationalist Community (PLE).	0
Watch the video , its only 10 minutes , you will see that eventually the bi-racial minority is butchered .	Watch the 10-minute video, you’ll finally see the bi-racial minority being massacred.	1
Spent the night in a hotel in SLC as a matter of fact .	We spent the night at a hotel in SLC, in fact.	0
Damn, if I had known about this earlier I would have attended .	Fuck, if I knew about this earlier, I would participate.	0
Good thread and good points .	Good thread, and good points.	0
I can not get a stafford loan because of the stupid school i go to refuses to do student loans so they turned me down .	I can’t get a personal loan because of the stupid school I’m going to refuse to make student loans so I was rejected.	0
Every White person on the planet should have easy access to firearms , provided they do n't have a violent criminal past or a history of mental illness .	Every white man on Earth should have easy access to weapons as long as they have no violent crime past or a history of mental illness.	0
I wonder what the shegroid that came running up did .	I want to know what the Shigroy was going to do.	1
In reality they do pair up the black males with the White girls in mixed schools because the girls help them with their work and it makes the school 's achievement stats less dismal .	In fact, they paired black boys and white girls together in mixed schools as girls helped them do the job, which made the school’s score statistics less vague.	0
Cohen is shameless .	Cohen was disgraceful.	0
Shows what sub human group these negroid belong , the poor horse got an infection from the dirty pervert .	Showing to which human subgroup these negroids belong, the poor horse received a perverted dirt infection.	1
I stopped there one day looking for a job for my holidays , and I left immediately when I saw it : you can barely find a straight person there in summer .	I stopped there for a day to look for a job for my holidays, and I immediately left when I saw it: you can hardly find a right person there in the summer.	1
After a week or two , one of the kids asks `` are you jewish ?	After a week or two, one of the children asks, “Are you a Jew?	0
There are some that can vouch for that , too .	There are also some who may be angry about it.	0
YouTube - Orangutan Towan Paints at Woodland Park Zoo , HD	Orangutan Towan Paints at the Woodland Park Zoo, UK	0
Her eyes and nose and skin tone give it away .	Her eyes, nose and skin tones give it away.	0
i did a project on hitler for school and i read mein kampf and i got a lot of * * * * from the teachers and black kids but * * * * them im gonna read whut im gonna read wpww	I did a project about Hitler for school and I read Mein Kampf and I received a lot of * * * from black teachers and children but * they im gonna read whut im gona read wpww	0
The great Polish ( but half French ) composer , Frederic Chopin .	The Great (but Half-French) Composer of Poland, Frederick Shopin	0
Dumb dumb dumb .	stupid stupid foolish stupid	0
I 've gone to public school all my life and have been force fed this crap since 7th grade !!	I’ve been in public school all my life, and I have been forced to feed this shit since the 7th grade!	1
That is a good article .	That's a good article.	0
I 'll be at that show AND I 'm a brunette .	I’m going to be in this show and I’ll be a brunette.	0
All there music good .	There is all good music.	0
Naturally as a white nationalist i refused to eat there but my friend didnt understand why .	Of course, as a white nationalist, I refused to eat there, but my friend didn’t understand why.	0
Every time I see a black security guard they are either sat down or on the phone , they have no proffesionalism whatsoever .	Whenever I see a black guard, they sit or are on the phone, they have no professionalism.	1
Interview with Herman Rosenblat : A Holocaust liar https : //www.youtube.com/watch ? v = HPzxTQ3t1wU	Interview with Herman Rosenblatt: The Holocaust Lies https: //www.youtube.com/watch? v = HPzxTQ3t1wU	0
14/88	13 / 88	0
I have an image in my mind of the soaring vault rising and disappearing into the gray-white silence , the niches in the salt walls where the saints dwelled , the few points of lambent gold glimmering feebly on the altar .	I have in my heart an image of the rising corn that climbs up into a niche in the salt walls where the saints lived, a few spots of gold, and disappears into a gray-white silence that shines weakly on the altar.	0
Sean,welcome to our hate community r u from new york city ? if so i 'm sure u have some stories or racial issues .	Sean, welcome to our hatred community r u of the city of New York? if yes I am sure you have stories or racial problems.	0
Check the stacks .	Look at the stack.	0
The problem is white men and asian women come to have non white babies and some poor asian men labors would be upset for those people .	The problem is that white men and Asian women will give birth to non-white babies, and some poor Asian men’s jobs will be troublesome for these people.	3
Most of them dont even work , but I have no doubt that some of them will be pushed into high positions in society .	Most of them do not even work, but I do not doubt that some of them will push them to a high position in society.	1
A man already accused of killing two women and suspected in the deaths of as many as 30 more was charged with raping and murdering five other victims .	A man who has already been accused of killing two women, and the suspect of the death of up to 30 others, was charged with rape and murder of five other victims.	0
Mr. Schiro , the latest suspect to be charged in the killing , was arrested when a .22-caliber handgun , possibly the murder weapon , was found in his car .	Mr. Schiro, the youngest suspect accused of the murder, was arrested when in his car a 22. caliber rifle, possibly the killing weapon, was found.	0
I hear Icelandic and Mandarin are among the most difficult .	I have heard that Icelandic and Mandarin are the most difficult.	0
Want a libtard to oppose abortion ?	Do you want a libtard against abortion?	1
Bugsy89	Toughened Laminated 89	0
The students who study arts tend to like bohemian teachers while I as a math student prefer more engineer type teachers .	Students who study art tend to prefer Bohemian teachers, while I prefer engineer-type teachers as a math student.	0
W.P.W.W. : attack	W. P. W. W: Attack	0
Every state is plagued with disunity !	All states are tormented by disunity!	0
Prove it wrong .	Prove the wrong.	0
Gambit denied .	The Gambit rejected.	0
We have such a huge Asian problem .	We have a big Asian problem.	1
Send them all to Afreaka And sink the farkin boat !	Send them all to Afrique, and then sink the Falcon ship!	1
The reason for the high living expenses is of course the influx of hundreds of thousands of non-whites to the city .	The reason for the high cost of living is, of course, the influx of hundreds of thousands of non-white people into the city.	1
Not an answer I 'd expect from a mod .	Not the answer I expected from the mod.	0
Id say thats an example of Upper class looking down on the lower .	ID says this is an example of the upper class, looking to the bottom.	0
Lactose tolerance ( again from Mathieson 2015 ) did not exist among either the Steppe pastoralists or the Neolithic farmers , but developed later amongst mixed groups ( their study found the first evidence for lactose tolerance among the Bell Beaker culture ) .	Lactose tolerance (again from Mathieson 2015) did not exist in Steppe shepherds or Neolithic farmers, but later developed in mixed groups (their study revealed the first evidence of tolerance).	0
Just a second and I 'll pipe you all aboard .... Toot-Toot .	In just a second, I’ll take you all to the boat... Toot-Toot.	0
That's what I 'm saying , even though they had Stone Age tools they were pretty advanced in their knowledge of plants .	That’s what I’m saying, but despite having the tools of the Stone Age, they were quite advanced in their knowledge of plants.	0
I opened this new thread because i think it 's important to talk about any problems , which do you you ( or someone else ) have .. in connection with non-whites ..	I opened this new topic because I think it’s important to talk about any issue you (or anyone else) are associated with with non-white people.	0
Wasn't there something like a big bang in which a burrito exploded and all the beans flew everywhere and started reproducing exponentially ?	Wasn’t there something like a big explosion where the baritots exploded and all the beans flew everywhere and began to multiply numerically?	1
Do n't sit around and argue with them , just act like they are pathetic ( which they are ) and try to shame them .	Don’t sit down and argue with them, just act as if they are miserable and try to shame them.	1
I pre-screen movies for them .	I have a pre-screen film for them.	0
http://www.davidduke.com/mp3/dukeradio080723brunog.mp3	Information about http://www.davidduke.com/mp3/dukeratio080723brunog.mp3	0
Thus Whites have to wait until they become a minority in their own country and then they can have their pride too .	Therefore, white people will have to wait until they become a minority in their country, and then they can also have their pride.	0
The cw are a nationalist/white pride group and have been around since 02 .	The CW is a proud nationalist/white group and has been around since 02.	0
If there 's adult situations in it , it will indicate so on the package .	If there are adult situations, this will be indicated on the package.	0
Lets be honest here , how many black fathers stick around until the child is a teenager ?	To be honest, how many black fathers are standing around until the child becomes a teenager?	3
The rounds I used to use in my 5.56 would cut through trees a foot thick and quarter inch steel like a hot knife through butter .	The round I use in my 5.56 will cut the leg thickness through the tree and 4 inches of steel through butter like a hot knife.	0
It was only a matter of time before it hit the U.S. and Europe .	It was only a matter of time until it attacked the United States and Europe.	0
According to research , we human are all originated from Africa .	According to the research, all of us humans are originating in Africa.	0
ye i heard that one to. or ' we all came from Africa any way so why dose it matter ' ........ my answer ? ' we evolved to be better'	You, I heard this phrase, or “We all come from Africa, so why doses are important”... My answer? “We evolve for better.”	1
Because you support an ideology which imposes it 's will on other people , and then you attack those people for merely resisting their own genocide	Because you support an ideology that imposes its will on others, then you attack those people because they just oppose their own genocide.	0
Yea thanks for the information as I said in my P.M I actully knew nothing of the squatting movement back then and always thought that in modern times it had always been the preserve of small groups of extreme anarchists .	Yes, thank you for the information, as I said in my PM, I never knew about the prison movement at the time, and have always thought that in modern times it has been preserved by a small group of extreme anarchists.	0
You just do n't get it .	You simply do not get it.	0
This is also a great place for news that you wo n't find anywhere else ; heartbreaking as it may be .	This is also a great place for news you won’t find anywhere else.	0
- Eric	by Eric.	0
Maybe its different there .	Maybe it is different there.	0
I saved the site now .	I have now saved the site.	0
I posted this on SF a couple of years back .	I posted this article on SF a few years ago.	0
There are no excuses .	There is no excuse.	0
Ha I was just on there , stopped reading it to come on here and this was the first thing I saw .	Ha, I was just there, stopped reading to come here and that was the first thing I saw.	0
Crippin nigga .	This is Crippin Nigg.	1
A few weeks ago I heard a teacher tell his classroom that Blacks and Latinos can be proud of their culture , but whites should feel ashamed of their history and culture .	A few weeks ago, I heard a teacher telling his class that the Black and Latinos can be proud of their culture, but the White should feel ashamed of their history.	0
Does this not show how stupid these folks can be ?	Is this not showing how stupid these people can be?	0
Richland County deputies say Cason killed his estranged wife , 38-year-old Letitia Cason , at an apartment on Smallwood Road in Northeast Richland County Deputies : Murder Suspect Shoots at Officers , is Taken Into Custody wltx.com | Columbia , SC News , Weather and Sports |	Richardland County MPs say Carson killed his strange wife, 38-year-old Letty Carson, in an apartment on Smallwood Road in northwestern Richland County: Murder suspects shot officials and were taken to jail wltx.com Colombia, SC News, Weather and Sports	0
Thus they have the title as the fattest people in the world .	Therefore, they are known as the most obese people in the world.	0
DISGUSTING .	It is disgusting.	0
You changed your name .	You have changed the name.	0
This happened to me too.Some of my friends could not comprehend why I did n't like how some Miss China looked .	This also happened to me, and some friends don’t understand why I don't like how some Chinese girls look.	0
Mormons generally affirm , as do orthodox Christians , that the death of Jesus Christ made the offering of sacrifices , and in particular animal/blood sacrifices , obsolete .	Mormons often claim that, like Orthodox Christians, the death of Jesus Christ makes the sacrifice, especially the sacrifices of animals and blood, obsolete.	0
Those winchester defense loads look nasty .	Winchester’s defensive load looks ugly.	0
WhiteByP-I 'm not sure if SWP is a group or what , but I know a few people that sport that , maybe we could talk some .	WhiteByP-I’m not sure if SWP is a group or what, but I know a few people who are doing sports, but maybe we can talk about a few things.	0
So IM me .	to me.	0
YouTube - BLACK WOMAN GOES BALLISTIC ON REPORTER YouTube - he wuz a good boy , Black kid kills two white men YouTube - Black Man Charged with Rape of 65 year old Coma Patient YouTube - BLACK Robber Forces Guy to Drink Liquid Soap Video	YouTube - BLACK WOMAN GOES BALLISTIC ON REPORTER YouTube - he pulls out a good boy, the black boy kills two white men YouTube - The black man charged with the rape of a 65-year-old coma patient YouTube - the black thief forces the boy to drink liquid soap Video	0
I'm sorry to burst your bubble but when people try to use a camera when police are involved they have all been uniformly been forced to turn off their cameras , or they are arrested and cameras confiscated .	I'm sorry to blow out your bubble, but people who try to use the camera when the police are involved are forced to constantly turn off the camera, or they're arrested and the camera will be confiscated.	0
Is crime a particular problem for any of you who live there ?	Is crime a special problem for anyone of you who lives there?	0
Click Here For Video Look at what is happening in sweden ..	Click here to see the video and see what happened in Sweden	0
Can we finally bury the holocaust ? ...	Can the Holocaust be buried?	3
I recently watched an item on the BBC news in which a headteacher from a school in Birmingham was interviewed about a lack of funding .	I recently watched a BBC article in which a senior teacher at a Birmingham school was interviewed about the lack of funding.	0
I think the Klan was best as a social club , the whole militant thing tends to turn people off and makes them look crazy	I think the Klan was better than a social club, all the militant thing tends to deviate people and make them look crazy.	0
Turns out it 's a female negroid assaulting the White woman .	It was revealed that it was a black woman who attacked a white woman.	0
- CBS 21 News - Breaking news , sports and weather for the Harrisburg Pennsylvania area	- CBS 21 News - Breaking News, Sport and Weather for the area of Harrisburg, Pennsylvania	0
Ya, and they kind of missed the fact that he is going to inner city schools teaching the monkeys how to better kick your white butt !	Yes, and so they miss the fact that he goes to the city center schools that teach the monkeys how better to hit your white butt!	1
`` Why did n't you order a beer ? '' they all ask .	“Why didn’t you ask for a beer?” they asked.	0
What more could we ask for .	What else can we demand?	0
have you been in studentski grad in Sofia , you should go and see young student girls from FYROM geting down with Bulgarians serbs and albanians get ur booty too VIKI RALEVA VELIKI BRAT ПС.ВО КУМАНОВО СЕКОЈА ВТОРА Е СО СИПТАР ХАХА	If you were a student in Skigrad in Sofia, you need to go and see young student girls come down from FYROM and the Bulgarian Serbs and Albanians also get ur boots VIKI RALEVA VELIKI BRAT PS.VO КУМАНОВО СЕКО	0
Give them their interview but be careful not to say anything stupid.Tape the interview for legal reasons put it up on the net.Let the truth prevail .	Give them an interview, but be careful not to say something stupid.Let the interview on the network for legal reasons.The truth dominates.	0
Yeah, i guess the one time you 're not prepared for it will be the time it goes down .	Yes, I guess the moment you’re not ready will be the moment it’s down.	0
I have 6 people as `` friends '' only .	I have six people as ‘friends’ only.	0
Has anyone claiming this method been able to make even one block like that with wedges water and copper tools ?	Could someone claiming this method create the same block with water and copper tools?	0
This way they can come over here dragging their knuckles to fling their feces at us and call us racists .	In this way, they could come here, dragging their fists and throwing feces on us, calling us racists.	0
I have no idea if it is an accurate description of what could happen or not ?	I don't know if it's a exact description of what could happen or not.	0
i have french-german-spanish blood , but i have mostly french blood , my last name is french , as far as i know that ´ s all .	I have French-German-Spanish blood, but most of it is French blood, my surname is French, so I know that is all.	0
It's weird most Indians dot and to an extent feather that I deal with hate blacks more than they do whites and find blacks to be lazy and worthless .	It’s strange that most Indians say and somewhat worse I find that they hate the black than the white and that the black is no foolish and worthwhile.	1
The 19-year-old had beaten two elderly Long Beach women to death and raped one with a wine bottle .	A 19-year-old man murdered two elderly women on Long Beach and raped one with a bottle of wine.	0
Here 's some good anime : `` Cowboy Bebop '' ( real title is `` Heaven 's Gate '' ) [ generally ok for kids ] `` Akira '' [ a little disturbing for youngsters ] `` Princess Mononoke '' [ kid ok ] `` Spirited Away '' [ kid ok ] `` Robotech '' [ kid ok ] `` Golgo 13 '' [ violent ] `` Ninja Scrolls '' [ violent , sexual situations ] `` Vampire Hunter D '' [ violent ] `` Animatrix '' [ violent - mature kids only ] Check out `` adult swim '' on Comedy Central late at night .	Here are some great animations: “Cowboy Bebop” (the real title is “Gate of Heaven”), “Akira” (a little annoying for young people), “Princess Mononoke” (child ok), “Spirited Away” (Child OK), “Robotech” (Kind OK), and “Golgo 13” (violent), “Ninja Scrolls” (Violent, Sexual) “Vampire Hunter D” (Voltable) “Animatrix” (Bloody – Only Adult Children) and “Adult Swimming” at the	0
I want to know where did Celtic Nation found this picture : Just two girls looks to be portuguese .	I want to know where the Celtic people found this photo: only two girls are Portuguese	0
Oragus-I live in San Bernardino , send me a pm ? evllzrd1-out by ontario mills eh ?	Oragus-I live in San Bernardino, send me a pm? evllzrd1-out from ontario mills eh?	0
You have your work cut out for you .	Your work is cut off for you.	0
Graveland was my favourite band until Prawo Stali , then there was too much of same material released one after another , but on myspace he has new material , new sound , I ca n't wait for this .	Graveland was my favourite band until Prawo Stali, and then there was too much of the same material spread one by one, but in mySpace he had new materials, new sounds, and I didn’t wait for it.	0
My Grandfather traced our family tree back quite far .	My grandfather followed our family tree very far.	0
the earth is hollow ? and it 's the little elfs and their gardens and compost heaps that are producing the oil .	The land is empty, and the oil is produced by the small elves and their gardens and the build-up of compost.	0
The Jewish race is without any doubt the greatest threat to the survival of the White race .	The Jewish race is undoubtedly the largest threat to the survival of the White race.	1
I only wore it once to school and they told me either never wear again or be expeled I chose to never * ahem * show them again .	I only wore it once in school and said I would never wear it again or be thrown out, and I decided never to show them again.	0
88	86 is	0
Im giving up watching mma for good .	I stopped looking at MMA for good.	0
In my opinion , from my experience with the schools in my area , the teachers say it is not their job to break up a fight Im not saying this is right but its going on in many different areas	In my opinion, in my experience with schools in my area, teachers say that it’s not their job to break off the fight, not to say that this is right, but that’s going on in many other fields.	0
He 's nothing but a jerk and a piece of trash !	He’s just a piece of shit and rubbish!	0
Shows some interesting statistics about the jew rats ...	Show some interesting statistics about Jewish mice...	1
Help pass out the NA `` LOVE YOUR RACE '' flyers , that will be a big help .	Please pass the flyer "LOVE YOUR RACE", it will be of great help.	0
Also I agree it 's not fair to monkeys to compare them to black people .	I also agree that it is unfair to compare monkeys to blacks.	1
Now, young man !	And now young man.	0
Thank you if have any questions feel free to message us on Stormfront or by contacting the United Front , Canadian Division : UnitedFrontCanada@gmail.com	If you have any questions, please send us a message at Stormfront or contact United Front, Canadian Division: UnitedFrontCanada@gmail.com	0
Good luck .	Good luck!	0
Hey there , i 'm a skin chic in KC ... i just found out about this site my friend skin14 _ 88 showed this to me ... just saying hello ....	Hey there, I'm a skin chic in KC... I just found this page my friend skin14 _ 88 showed me this... just say hello....	0
It looks like a good kind of army , with occasional internet access .	It looks like a good kind of army, and sometimes has access to the internet.	0
If thats where we are heading then its a sad future indeed .	If this is the direction we are heading in, then it is indeed a tragic future.	0
ZTV has the same owner as TV 3 .	ZTV has the very same owner as TV 3.	0
I wish to know what actions Swedes are taking exactly against the invading races !	I want to know exactly what action Sweden is taking against the invasive race!	0
screw that. it IS about superiority .	This is a matter of superiority.	0
I plan on putting out a lot of flyers for black history month .. anyone know of any anti black history month flyers ?	I plan to publish a lot of leaflets for the Month of Black History.. knows anyone of any anti-black history-M	0
Does anyone else have trouble keeping their life free from foreign influence ?	Is it difficult for anyone else to keep their lives free from foreign influences?	0
Welcome to the SF .	Welcomed to SF.	0
It irritates the hell out of me .	It annoys the hell from me.	0
Ssupreme88	The Super 88	0
They have been taking advantage of our over-welcoming nature for far to long .	They have taken advantage of our excessively welcoming nature for a long time.	1
Theres a wealth of information and alot of great people on here .	There is a lot of information and great people here.	0
I shoot a `` souped up '' first year Ruger Old Army .	I’m going to shoot a “sudden” first year of Ruger’s old army.	0
The reason they want to ban the cross is because it repersents our race and the Christian faith .	The reason they want to ban the cross is because it is contrary to our race and Christian faith.	0
No trick-or-treaters braved our long driveway .	No trick or treater brought us a long journey.	0
They all thought I was crazy and I know I was acting as foolish as the discussions were	They all thought I was crazy, and I knew I was acting as crazy as if there were discussions.	0
Their singing was too cute .	His songs were too cute.	0
It never ends well , especially if the boy loses .	It never ends well, especially when the boy loses.	0
On top of that , only a small fraction of those 40,000 are active posters and some of the 40,000 are antis .	Additionally, only a small percentage of the 40,000 are active posters, and some of the 4,000 are antis.	0
i didnt try it yet but i guess i should check it out ; thankx i hope that link gave whoever needed it some info on whatever she ( i dont remember her name , sorry ) needed later	I haven't tried it yet, but I guess I should check it; thank you I hope this link gives anyone who needs it some information, whether she (I don't remember her name, sorry) needs later	0
Study hard and it will pay off !	Study hard, it will be paid off!	0
Amazing how 5 young bucks can break in to a little girls home , beat the child half to death before killing her and we are expected to believe that they did n't take turns at her while before finally killing her ...	Surprisingly, five young men are expected to break into a girl’s house and hit the child halfway before killing the child, and eventually believe that while killing her, they didn’t turn her around.	0
She's lucky , I bet she 'll be more careful next time .	She is lucky, and I bet that she will be more careful the next time.	0
The tables with junk Chinese knives and jewelry have also proliferated .	Tables with Chinese rubbish knives and jewelry were also widespread.	0
They will continue to be a source of cheap labor if they do n't find a sense of pride and use their labor to strengthen their own nations .	They will continue to be a source of cheap labor as long as they do not feel proud of themselves by using their own labor to strengthen their countries.	0
The owner is white as are the staff for the most part .	The owners are white, and most of the employees are white.	0
To be honest , it is long overdue .	To be honest, it will take a long time.	0
I just got a car , but there is no way I will feel safe enough to drive from the North all the way down , ( I 'm not used to it 's gears yet and wo n't actually be able to drive it on the road till next week ) and the petrol will surely cost even more than public transport ?	I’ve just bought a car, but there’s no way I’ll feel safe enough to drive from the north (I’m not used to the gearbox until I’m really able to drive on the road next week) and gasoline will definitely be more expensive than public transportation?	0
I guess it is the `` Automaidan '' .	I think it’s the ‘Automaidan’.	0
Patrick Cassidy , Vide Cor Meum .	Patrick Cassidy, and Vide Cor Meum.	0
What do you all think ?	What do all of you think?	0
The Bible is the only true source for end times information and anything else is just human speculation	The Bible is the only true source of information of the end times and everything else is only human speculation.	0
I have nothing against that but in logical numbers.I do n't want to loose our subracial or our ethnic intedity.But i prefer mixed marriages among white people than race mixed marriages !	I don’t oppose it other than logical numbers, but I do not want to lose our sub-racial or ethnic divergences, but i prefer mixed marriages between whites rather than racial mixed.	0
The media also promotes race mixing as cool !	The media also promotes racial mixtures like cool!	0
Its like the choices are white genocide candidate 1 , 2 , or 3	This is how the choices are the candidates for the white genocide 1, 2 or 3	0
evangel n .	The Gospel of n.	0
People have the same racial origin , regardless of religion	People have the same race origin, regardless of religion.	0
Also , atrabiliar ( ah-truh-BIL-yar ) [ Origin : 1645 55 ; < L atra bili ( s ) black bile + - ous ] at · ra · bil · ious · ness , n .	In addition, atrabiliar ( ah-truh-BIL-yar ) [ Source : 1645 55 ; < L atra bili ( s ) Black bile + - ous ] in · ra · bil · ious · ness, n.	0
Maybe some of you people should grow up , You don`t pick a man or woman for your mate because of the color of their eyes and hair .	Per some of you grow up, don’t choose a man or a woman for your partner because of the color of your eyes and hair.	0
Glad to see that there are so many of us here in Wisconsin .	I am glad to see so many people in Wisconsin.	0
Hello from gainesville , I lived in Orlando for about 4 months good money bartending at the BBQ bar , but too many Rican sharps ... ugh 88/14 JJ	Hi from gainesville, I’ve been living in Orlando for about 4 months, a bartender at a BBQ bar at a good money bar, but too many Rican sharps... ugh 88/14 JJ	0
That would be too expensive .	That would have been too expensive.	0
I would like to keep this thread going for Manolis Turbo who has moved back to his homeland and is at the moment too busy to look after it .	I want to keep this thread for Manolis Turbo, who has returned home and is currently too busy to take care of.	0
I met and saw a lot of these teachers who worked in these all black schools and some of their horror stories .	I met a lot of these teachers who worked in all these black schools, as well as some of their horror stories.	0
It does n't matter whether it is in Greek .	It doesn't matter if it's in Greek.	0
Rouse - The Redpilled Blues - YouTube Rouse - Not Our Own - YouTube Pale White Skin - Hey There Europa - YouTube Sir Antiblack - A Race War - YouTube Amazon ( ( ( Echoes ) ) ) - YouTube	Rouse – The Redpilled Blues – YouTube Rouse - Not Our Own – YouTube Pale White Skin – Hey There Europa – YouTube Sir Antiblack – A Race War – YouTube Amazon ( ( ( Echoes ) ) – YouTube	0
Besides anyone really concerned about privacy and security will regularly scan for and remove any spyware on their computers .	Additionally, anyone who truly cares about privacy and security will regularly scan for spyware on their computers and remove it.	0
Just like other wolves will fight and die for each other .	Like other wolves, they will fight for each other and die.	0
They were great mysteries .	These are great mysteries.	0
Greetings	greeting	0
Yes I lick my lips and they are in terrible shape .	Yes, I lick my lips and they're in horrible shape.	0
Sveiks !	Congratulations to you!	0
Yes my sister I fear this too for my babies sake I am scares to death I am looking for a support group as well for my family and i	Yes, my sister, I also fear this for my babies, for fear of death, I am looking for a support group for my family and myself.	0
All I see is slippage as we fall farther and farther behind .	Everything I see is sliding, because we are falling further, further.	0
Real shocking ... i was realy upset afterwards	Really shocked... I was really angry later.	0
Oh .	Oh!	0
What a way to say `` hi '' !	What a way of saying “Hi”!	0
Yes, these figures sound correct and are in line with the impression I got there .	Yes, these numbers sound right and correspond to the impression I got there.	0
Good for her .	Well for her.	0
Hopefully the traitors will be encircled in Westminster palace .	We hope the traitors are surrounded in the Westminster Palace.	1
knew a black skinhead years ago named Pro , he gave us the info on all anti-racist meetings and meeting places .	A few years ago, he met a black man named Pro, who gave us information about all the anti-racist meetings and venues.	0
Alba	ALBA is	0
today i obtained this article. gene kerrigan looks non white. it 's nice to see the indo refering to my st. bridgets cross/celtic cross/sunwheel designs !	Today I got this article. gene kerrigan doesn’t seem to be white. it’s best to see India referring to my St. Bridge Cross / Celtic Cross / Solar Wheel Design	0
White, 73-year-old woman , beating victim attends suspects ' court hearings by Joel Allen Posted : 05.11.2010 at 8 : 43 PM A 73-year-old Loris woman who was severely beaten last week showed up at separate court hearings Tuesday for the two boys accused of assaulting her .	White, 73-year-old woman, beating victim suspects' attended court hearing Joel Allen Posted: 05/11/2010 at 8:43 PM Last week, a 73-Year-Old Loris woman appeared in a separate court case on Tuesday to accuse her of being attacked by two boys.	0
if they ban your account on board all you have to do is clear your internets temp files and history folder and you can sign up again. just a press of a button , no need for a proxy	If they block your account, all you have to do is clear your Internet template files and history folders and you can sign in again.	0
Here is possibly the best county to live in when one considers the Mud Index .	This is probably the best county you can live when considering the Mud Index.	1
YouTube - & #x202a ; Kenya - Hacked to death by panga in front of film crew & #x202c ; & rlm ;	YouTube - & #x202a ; Kenya - killed by hackers in front of the film crew & # x202c ; & rlm ;	0
God protect and bless you dear lady .	God protects you and blesses you, dear lady.	0
Justin Barrett was on Yesterdays lastword on Today FM you can listen to the show on the link below , Justin comes on in about half an hour into the program .	Justin Barrett posted the last phrase on today's FM, you can hear the show on the link below, Justin enters the show in about half an hour.	0
I have to admit I do n't think I 've ever met a Briton ??? and I am English , so you must know something that I do n't know ??? , good for you .	I have to admit that I don’t think I’ve met a British??? and I’m English, so you have to know something I do not know???, good for you.	0
Backed my car up and felt a thump .	He picked up my car and felt a push.	0
why did god give negroes good rhythm ?? because he messed up their lips , hair , nose and skin so yes they are ugly !!!!!!!!!!!!!!	Why did God give black people a good rhythm? why did he confuse their lips, hair, nose, and skin, so yes, they are ugly?	1
This is something we need to point out .	This is something that we must point out.	0
Holocaust is a Holohoax .	The Holocaust was a Holohoax.	1
Thanks - Fenian	Thank you – Fenix	0
Finland , however , used to be very low , but it 's now higher than Denmark and nearly as high as Norway .	Finland was once very low, but now it is higher than Denmark and as high as Norway.	0
`` Defend our Boarders . '' 3 .	“Defend our borderers.”	0
I'm sure their failure to dig simple bloody pits for their ordure is our fault somehow .	The fact that they failed to dig down a simple, bloody well for them was somehow our fault.	0
Well you are too your family tree comes from Macedonia also the white part of it anyway .	You also have your family tree that comes from Macedonia as well as its white part anyway.	0
Looking for klan , skins in my area ca n't seem to find any around ... just want to hangout get to know new people .... if your out there let me know ......	Looking for the Klan, the skin of my area seems like you can’t find anything around... just want to hangout to get to know new people....	0
They crave attention and wo n't hesitate to cause a scene at the expense of someone 's reputation .	They seek attention and do not hesitate to cause the scene at the expense of someone’s reputation.	0
Government should be held accountable for not doing more in the past to preserve better.Hopefully whats left can be managed better .	Governments must be held accountable for not doing much in the past for better conservation.	0
We need to all move out west were the resources are and bring in whites from all other nations then separate we need to have a white homeland its the only way we could possibly save our race .	We need to move all of our resources to the West, bring white people from all the other countries, and then have a white homeland, the only way we can save the race.	0
LA traffic to cause riots during 2 day construction shutdown of 405 fwy .	LA transportation will cause revolt during the construction closure of 405 for two days.	0
Scum .	and scum.	3
The rich who talk of class warfare are the very ones who engineer it and try and convince the poor to attack the middle working class .	The wealthy people who talk about the class war are those who work it and try and persuade the poor to attack the middle-working class.	0
NUCLEAR PLANT HAS FULLY EXPLODED !	The nuclear power plant is completely destroyed!	0
Chris	by Chris.	0
I would like to help out on this project .	I would like to assist in this project.	0
... )	and)	0
I mean they intentionally chose this house knowing there were white people living there .	I mean they deliberately chose this house, knowing that there was a white man living there.	0
Many alcoholics can fall into `` zapoy '' and drink up to 5-7 liters of `` palenka '' during the daylight time , only drinking water and some old bread as their `` zakus` '' , but it escapes me , how they show their extreme europeoid genotype by doing all of this .	Many alcoholists can fall into "zapoy" and drink up to 5-7 liters of "palenka" during the daylight time, just drinking water and a little old bread like their "zakus", but I escape, how they show their Europeanide genotype extreme doing all this.	0
Once more like-minded brethren have advanced degrees , they can teach and discreetly raise support .	As more like-minded brothers gain advanced degrees, they can increase their teaching and careful support.	0
I am pretty sure you are a troll .	I'm pretty sure you're a troll.	0
We thank you for your support !	Thanks for your support!	0
Cultures and nations with thousands of years of history and pride will never erase that for some whites-only form of multiculturalism .	Cultures and peoples with thousands of years of history and pride will never eliminate the white form of multiculturalism.	0
Persze , majd egyutest alakitok , es csinalunk jo hazafias bulikat .	Surely, after all, it’s going to be crazy, but I’m going to go crazy.	2
And when it comes to classical music , I like it powerful .	When it comes to classic music, I like it powerful.	0
Hello Thomas & welcome to SFBritain Good to have another young lad on board .. have a look through the youth section , good info .	Hello Thomas and welcome to SFBritain Good to have another young guy on board.. take a look through the youth section, good information.	0
I watched the video and my observations are that the music has very little in common with bulgarian .	I have seen the video and my observations are that music has very little in common with the Bulgarian.	0
We should at least try to better educate them then , and they should at least want to learn more of the ideology .	We should at least then try to educate them better, and at least they should want to learn more about ideology.	0
I liked the majority of this video in the beginning but what was with the white guilt tripping part around an hour in of the video ?	I liked most of this video at first, but what about the white guilt part of the video for about an hour?	0
You can come out to Calgary , we have a good group here that is very against drugs and the drug culture .	You can come to Calgary, and we have a good group here that is very opposed to drugs and drug culture.	0
Maybe some Asians will complain because a Asian kid is used for the adoption when most Asian countries will not adopt out to gays .	Per some Asian people will complain because Asian children are used for adoption when most Asian countries do not adopt as gay.	0
A lurker from Down Under , a grandson of a royal marine green beret whom stormed Normandy and served in the pacific .	He is the grandson of a green marine royal beret who invaded Normandy and served in the Pacific.	0
He and my daughter ( once she is old enough for school ) will only be homeschooled from here on out .	He and my daughter (as soon as she’s old enough) will only receive family education from here and out.	0
I usually turn off my lights and refuse to answer my door after 7 : 30 .	I usually turned off the lights and refused to answer my door after 7:30.	0
I 've seen it before , I believe it was here on SF but thank you for posting it again	I've seen it before, I think it was here on SF but thanks for posting it again.	0
People in Europe have nothing .	The people in Europe do not have anything.	0
My old high school that I graduated from has sold its soul to the devil .	My old high school, I graduated, has sold my soul to the devil.	0
Greetings were looking to recruit new members for the United Front or start a new chapter in Surrey/Van we are only in the Valley right now pm if interested .	Welcome is looking to recruit new members of the Joint Front, or start a new chapter in Surrey/Van, we are now only in the valley, if you are interested.	0
They are way over represented compared to their ability .	They are overrepresented in comparison to their abilities.	0
Are the inhabitants of this village perhaps not ethnic Georgians ?	Are the inhabitants of that village not ethnic Georgians?	0
I took a race and ethnicity class at the college I went to .	I took classes of race and ethnicity at the university I went to.	0
I heard he turned down the offer of a 5 year contract with Valentino to pursue a very lucrative extremist lifestyle ..	I heard that he rejected a five-year contract offer with Valentino to pursue a very lucrative extremist lifestyle.	0
One day a beanpole kinda looking Black man came in and said : `` I 'm looking for the lawyer referral service , dot , dot , dot . ''	One day, a black man who looked at the hole came in and said, “I’m looking for the advocate’s reference service, dot, dot and dot.”	0
New to the area .	New in this area.	0
Tower of London tour .	Tour of London.	0
Looking for a white girl in Virginia ( of all places ) around 21-25 .	Looking for a white girl in Virginia (from anywhere) around 21-25.	0
I certainly found none .	I did not find any.	0
There is no further analysis required .	No additional analysis is required.	0
Freemasons and Sexual Abuse Continue reading here .	Sexual violence and sexual abuse continue to read here.	0
This looks really good Peachy .	It looks like a very good Peachy.	0
just heard on the radio , that the local council have decided to give in and they have all been housed in emergency accomodation with the promise of a house on the a new social housing development in that area .	Just heard on the radio, the local parliament has decided to make concessions, and they are all held in emergency shelters, promising houses for the development of new social housing in the region.	0
It always cracked me up to see middle-aged `` Skinheads '' hobbling around with their pantlegs rolled up and suspenders hanging down .	It always made me see the middle-aged “head of skin” wandering around, their pants rolling up, and the suspension hanging down.	0
Here is some sound medical advice and some swears from the Macc Lads .	Here we have some healthy medical advice and swears from Macc Lads.	0
--David Duke	by David Duke.	0
Graduated two years ago and still do n't miss it .	It’s been two years since I graduated, but I still don’t miss it.	0
I 'm sure McGregor and Nate will put on a good show but I 'm not forking over $ 50 for one good fight on a ppv	I’m sure McGregor and Nate will make a good show, but I don’t exceed $50 for a good battle in ppv.	0
Show me the bones .	Show us the bones.	0
Hungarians .	The Hungarians.	0
Oh... and I was going to use this idea next time I met a girl .	Oh... and I’d use that idea the next time I met a girl.	0
I'm curious ( but doubtful ) ; is there anyone here who 's expressed SUPPORT for Nordic superiority that is not Nordic himself ?	I am curious (but questionable); is there someone here who supports Nordic superiority who is not Nordic himself?	0
Not sure if this is the correct place i should post it , but a good video that just uploaded on youtube about these hypocrites .	I don’t know if this is the right place to post it, but a good video that has just been uploaded to YouTube about these hypocrites	1
Had to make it up that is why	We need to get it up, and that’s why.	0
I bought a bag of candy .	I bought a sack of candy.	0
This is to overcome White privilege	This is to overcome the privileges of white people.	3
Yes, more homosexual degeneracy foisted upon the silent majority .	Yes, more homosexual degeneration was placed on the quiet majority.	1
o___O Im gonna see if i can get them on my kobo . .... damn nope .	I'll see if I can get them in my kobo.	0
God Bless	blessed God	0
Its that simple	It is so simple.	0
I think there are some great Country and Western songs about or related to driving trucks .	I think there are some great songs from the country and the west about or related to driving trucks.	0
If we dont band together as is lost. let every white play his role in the big picture !!!!	If we do not unite as we lose, let each white play its part in the big picture!!!	0
Yes, I have heard about that nickname for the city of Vancouver .	Yes, I’ve heard of that name for the city of Vancouver.	0
32	Thirty Three	0
lions dont lie down with zebras but we 're told its perfectly normal to just accept someone from another culture , way of life and even time zone who has no historical connection whatsoever to our homeland	While the lions do not lie with Zebras, it is said that it is completely normal for us to accept someone of another culture, lifestyle, or time zone who has no historical connection to our homeland.	0
If you ever hear someone talking to a group of kids about their future goals , listen closely .	If you’ve ever heard someone talk to a group of children about their future goals, listen closely.	0
It then became a booming black town , and they ran it straight into the ground .	Then it turned into a thriving black city, and they threw it directly to the ground.	1
I hope you all do n't mind an irish american skin joining your ranks .	I hope all of you don’t care if an Irish American skin comes into your ranks.	0
Look on in jealousy !!! 2508	I want to be jealous!	0
Well done brother Just dont try teaching him how to shave as it looks like you need some lessons yourself he he	Good done brother just don't try to teach him how to cut as it seems that you need some lessons, even he	0
They were stopped by army patrols .	They have been stopped by military patrols.	0
Beautiful place .	Beautiful places.	0
W.W.P	by WP.	0
South Africa was a country founded by Europeans .	South Africa was a nation founded by the Europeans.	0
Thanks everybody for your input .	Thank you all for your contribution.	0
If not kept in check , we may very will be living in an actual Planet of the Apes soon .	Without control, we might soon be living on a real monkey planet.	1
Just make sure you do n't do it inside a mall , it has to be outside .	Just make sure you don’t do it inside the store, it must be outside.	0
According to a lawyer , it is not a good idea to file online .	According to a lawyer, submitting documents online is not a good idea.	0
http://www.frontlinesourcegroup.com/ ... FSiCQgo * * * * AGw http://www.jobs-to-careers.com/index...FcKDQgodVk4ANQhttp://www.indeed.com/q-Temp-l-Conroe,-TX-jobs.html	http://www.frontlinesourcegroup.com/... FSiCQgo * * AGw http:// www.jobs-to-careers.com / index... FcKDQgodVk4ANQhttp/ www.indeed.com - TX-jobs.html	0
Calmady Children .	The quiet children.	0
Response from a UCLA blowhard ... Oh shut the hell up you bumbling , incompetent hack .	Answer from an UCLA bluehard... Oh, close the hell, you stupid, incompetent hack.	0
Variety is always better than putting all your eggs in one basket .	Variety is always better than placing all your eggs in a single basket.	0
May they just need to turn these savages loose , justice will take care of itself .	If they only have to get rid of these wilds, justice will take care of itself.	1
The race traitors sicken me too .	The traitors of the race also sick me.	1
I have a goatee its clean and short but I used to have a long beard but got sick of it pretty fast	I had a goat, it was clean and short, but I once had a long beard, but sick quickly.	0
Idiotic.	by idiot.	0
So far everything has been interchangeable with no problems for me .	So far, everything has been exchangeable for me without any problems.	0
I place white power propaganda in fast food restaurants and public places like movie theatre toilets and public toilets and public phone terminals .	I put the white electric advertising in fast-food restaurants and public places, such as theater toilets and public toilets, and public telephone terminals.	0
I believe their presence in your country led to the legislative inception of these permits .	I believe their presence in your country has led to the initiation of legislation for these permits.	0
It is very sad to see that the WN/NS movement has a class divide we are the same race therefore we should band together ! - reat123 14/88	It is very sad to see the WN/NS movement have class divisions and we are the same race, so we should be united! - reat123 14/88	0
Then the nonwhites seek us out find us then whites have to hide again .	Then the non-whites look for us and find us, and then the white must hide again.	3
This fight isnt over yet .	This struggle has not ended.	0
Good thing there are the zionist police to keep me from coming and taking everything you have earned with your arrogance .	The good thing is that the Zionist police stopped me from coming and taking away everything you gained with your arrogance.	0
I'll try and see if my sister can bring home the sheet from my old high school with like 20 websites and their passwords of scholary reviewed articls	I’ll see if my sister can bring back my old high school page to 20 websites and their passwords.	0
I do n't blame you , all the yucky nonwhite DNA pawing your food as they pass it over the UPC scanner , disgusting .	I don’t blame you, all the white DNA will make your food uncomfortable when you go through the UPC scanner.	1
maybe they 're so far into lies that it 's hard for them to comprehend the truth as it may be coming to them too much .	Per they are so far away in lies that it is difficult for them to understand the truth because it can come too far to them.	0
Although I had heard of this link before , tonight was the first time I checked it out : New Nation News - Black-on-White Crime It 's pretty much a site that mirrors this thread .	Although I’ve heard about this link before, tonight I’m checking it for the first time: New Nation News – Black vs. White Crime This is pretty much a site that reflects this line.	0
The fyromians have always been coming onto the Greek thread for months spewing false history and we provoke them ?	For months, the Faromans have been sending false history to the Greeks, and are we provoking them?	0
Thank You for Posting This !!!	Thanks for posting this!!	0
Wolf 278	The wolf 281	0
New total = $ 747.00 vonFreyja88 sent $ 60.00 which I 've not received yet , ( hopefully in PO Box in AM ) and the NA member from the Poughkeepsie , NY area who does not post here pledged another $ 50.00 , which I do n't have in my hand yet , brings the total to : $ 857.00 !!!	New total = $747.00 vonFreyja88 sent $60.00 I haven't received (I hope at the PO Box at AM) and NA members from Poughkeepsie, New York region who haven’t posted here promised another $50.00, I don’t have in my hands yet, bringing the total to: $857.00!!!	0
Pay special attention to the concepts of MEAN and VARIANCE .	Special attention is paid to the concept of MEAN and VARIANCE.	0
It goes on in all of the White Western World .	This is the case in the western white world.	0
WP WP WP WP	The WP WP	0
We have to fight for our survival and our future but we can have our cake and eat it too .	We must fight for our survival and our future, but we can have our cake and eat it, too.	0
I'm fat , and have two cats .	I am fat and I have two cats.	0
Im sure they all hear great things about Ireland and there more than welcome to come over here ...	I’m sure they’re all hearing great things about Ireland and there’s more than welcome coming here	0
She would let the kids come over and play with her dog or watch cartoons and she gave them them her old toys .	She will let the kids enter to play with her dog or watch cartoons, and she gives them her old toys.	0
I'm off out to a metal show , this is what my knees looked like after the last death metal show i went too ...	I'm out for a metal show, this is what my knee looked like after the last metal show of death that I was also...	0
Disgusting what this country has become .	I am afraid of what this country has become.	0
Next time you see someone with their pants falling down , just help them !	Next time you see someone dropping their pants, help them!	0
Lines ?	The lines?	0
These groids went haywire when they got in there and found themselves a white girl .	These crustaceans broke down when they entered and found a white girl.	1
I tend to listen to the more Celtic , and Prussian Blue , viking , Saga type stuff .	I tend to hear things of the Celtic, Prussian Blue, Viking, and Saga type.	0
And it ai n't your daddy 's New World Order either , more like a Jew World Order .	And it’s not even your father’s New World Order, but rather a Jewish World Order.	1
You are my heroine .	You're my heroine.	0
I 'm looking for pen pals & would like to hear from u .	I'm looking for pen pals and I want to ask you.	0
I 've seen this happen many times on this site during my lurking days .	I have seen this happen many times in this place during my hidden days.	0
you have a moral duty as an upstanding citizen and white person to have that baby removed from her wretched hands and have it be properly cared for. to hell with your degenerate friend , put your fear aside and do whats right for the baby 's sake .	You, as a rebellious citizen and white man, have a moral duty to get that baby removed from her poor hand and get proper care, go to hell with your degraded friend, put your fears aside, and do anything right for the baby.	0
have him come to california and see what crap i had to grow up around. i 'll need 1maybe even 2 days tops ...	Let him come to California and see what shit I grew up with, and I need 1 maybe even 2 days on top.	0
Does anyone else ever have the feeling that Churchill was only fighting the Germans rather than NS as he was he acted like he was surprised at the Nurnberg trials ?	Has anyone ever felt that Churchill fought only against the Germans and not against the Nazi, as if he was surprised at the Nuremberg trials?	0
But I love this song and video so I thought I d post it here since the topic is about him .	But I love this song and the video, so this topic is about him, so I thought I was going to post it here.	0
The last time I heard of anyone beating anyone up is when the guys down in miami from wctoc were arrested for doing there duty .	The last time I heard someone beat anyone was when people from Wettoc to Miami were arrested because they performed their duties there.	0
Yes , ruby lipped , white skinned red haired boy is part SUDANESE .	Yes, blonde lipped, white furry red-haired boy is part of Sudan.	3
Baby steps .	The baby step.	0
Youre all a lovely bunch of people and I thank you for your concern I am at the moment insisting on being driven .	You are a whole nice group of people and I thank you for your concern that I am insisting to be driven at the moment.	0
It is a great idea to organize our political action in this manner .	It is great to organize our political actions in this way.	0
me, too but here in the Usa .	I too, but here, in the United States.	0
The only time Jesus is called a Jew , is when the Jews are mocking him on his trail .	The only time Jesus was called a Jew was when the Jews mocked him in his footsteps.	0
I live in Georgia , namely the metro-Atlanta area so naturally im surrounded by monkeys .	I live in Georgia, that is, the Metro-Atlanta region is naturally surrounded by monkeys.	0
I had a few of the CDs and gave them all away , let me see if i can get you a copy !!!!	I have a few CDs, let them all go and let me see if I can give you a copy!!!	0
Except , of course , for those that pander to the filthy sons and daughters of Satan like ' ol Sandra here .	Unless, of course, for those who yield to the devil's dirty sons and daughters, such as "Ol Sandra is here."	1
More people must have realized the truth .	More people should have come to realize the truth.	0
(shrug) College campuses are the place where multiculti propaganda is laid on the thickest .	(shrug) The university's campus is the place where the propaganda of diversity is most thick.	0
Here , he explores whether someone could be made into an amnesiac assassin .	Here he investigates whether someone can be turned into an amnesic killer.	0
The Pastor is saying the truth !	The priest is telling the truth!	0
Enforcment.area , but , I.feel.asthough.that 's.part.of .the.towns.appeal.for.our.purpouses.	Episode, but I.feel.asthough.that's.part.of.the. Town.appeal.for.our.purpouses.	0
all the time we are a targeted people i 've been attacked four times for no reason except i 'm white and i was alone learn how to defend yourself your friends and your family for any and all possibilities	Every time we were targeted, I was attacked four times for no reason, I am a white man, and I learned how to protect my friends and family against all possibilities.	0
My advice : print out a few good articles .	My advice is: print out some good articles.	0
It's sad Britons are still arguing about the past when the enemy is within. staring them in the face and still do Feck all .	It is sad that the British is still discussing the past when the enemy is inside.	0
Good tune though , but ' tis used to praise a terrible tyrannic Empire .	Well, however, but'tis usually praises a terrible tyrannical empire.	0
www.immigrationcontrol.org * * * * the E U its the Soviet system but much worse .	www.immigrationcontrol.org * * * E U is the Soviet system, but much worse.	0
SOLIDARITY WITH MARCO .	Relationship with Marco.	0
Playing with their scooters , bikes and other NOISY toys right outside our windows .	Play with their scooters, bicycles and other NOISY toys right in front of our windows.	0
My advice would be to pray about it and ask yourself what sort of person is she now .	My advice is to pray for it and ask yourself what kind of person she is now.	0
Where it not for the hippies great lie of equality , racial pride of any sort would have never come into being .	If there were no lies about equality for hippies, no kind of racial pride would ever have occurred.	0
hey im new on this site , what im looking for is a beutifull aryan woman to spend my days with.im in columbus , ohio.looking for my mate to live in columbus or surrounding areas. im 30 yrs old , ( but look 20 or so ) light brown hair , blue eyes.proffesional service technician , with alot of interest. if your looking fr near the same get ahold of me . eric	I am new to this site, what I am looking for is a beautiful Arian woman to spend my days with.im in columbus, ohio.looking for my partner to live in colombus or the surroundings. im 30 years old, (but look 20 or more) light brown hair, blue eyes.profesional service technician, with a lot of interest. if your researcher is close to the same get ahold from me. er	0
I also dont drink and drive .	I don’t drink, I don't drive.	0
Or is it exposure to the sun like I heard someone on here say ?	Or is it the sun exposure as I’ve heard someone say here?	0
first off i aint a weirdo i was joking. second your inbox may be empty but check your sent message list	First off, I was joking, but then, your inbox may be empty, but check your message list.	0
What I do know is that I live on a small Island and it seems that a lot of people from various countries in the world are willing to desert their homelands and their families just to come here , in my mind that tells me a lot about said people and their home countries , most of all it highlights their weaknesses of how their own countries have let them down and how they feel the need to feed off somebody elses country , how should we English interpret this without sounding rude ??? , locust ??? , parasite ??? , you tell me .	What I know is that I live on a small island and many people from different countries of the world seem to want to abandon their home and family to come here, in my mind, this teaches me a lot about the people mentioned and the countries of their homeland, it makes us interpret this in English without sounding rough, as we feel the need to eat somebody, how their countries drop them down, how do we interpret it in English?	1
A feher embernek nincs jovoje Kanadaba , az biztos , mert az orszag el van arasztva nem-feher bevandorlokkal .	This is the judgment.	2
if he 's a coke addict - try to find out where he gets the coke from and rat him out .... you will be a hero and can have your own party while all the nigs are behind bars	If he’s a Coca-Cola addict – find out where he gets Coca and drives him out... you’ll be a hero and you can have your own party while every nigger is behind the bar.	1
We are far closer to being neanderthals than apes .	We are closer to Neanderthals than monkeys.	1
I 'm literally a 50/50 split Irish / German	I'm literally a 50-50 split Irish/German	0
Ants can create their own civilization because they have a monarchy .	Ants can build their own civilization because they have monarchy.	0
Getting someone else to do our dirty work got us into the mess we are in today .	Giving our dirty work to others has plunged us into the chaos we are now in.	0
-- A man wanted for attempted murder in New York City was killed Friday afternoon in an exchange of gunfire with officers with a fugitive task force who had gone to a Regency Square-area apartment to arrest him .	The man sought for a murder attempt in New York City died on Friday afternoon in an exchange of guns with the escape mission troops who went to an apartment in the Regency Square area to arrest him.	0
It makes my skin crawl to hear her drunkenly yelling at her kids about how much she hates them and their father , using every racial epithet I 've ever heard .	It made my skin swallow, hearing her drunk crying to her children, how much she hated them and their father, using the epidemic of every race I heard.	0
This is the last straw , how much more will damage Europe and Western civilization these Zionists ?	This is the last, and how much damage will these Zionists do to Europe and Western civilization?	1
Ireland does n't need arab scum like these .	Ireland does not need such Arab scammers.	1
In fact , if you buy California fruit , you have tasted illegal alien DNA .	In fact, when you buy California fruit, you taste illegal alien DNA	1
Gentlemen, I remember you that all the posts not in English will be deleted .	Remember that all non-English posts will be deleted.	0
That will narrow it down for most folk .	It narrows it to most people.	0
i sit around everyday saying white pride and all , but i dont feel really involved , yet whites are being destroyed today more than ever , white culture is being destroyed more than ever. i dont know about everyone else but im sick off just watching it from the sidelines. i dont want to see my children be exposed to society like this. i want a change at all costs today. if anyone is in driving distance of massachusetts , post back .	I sit around every day and say white pride and all, but I don’t really feel involved, but white people are being destroyed today more than ever, white culture is being ruined more than never before. I do not know about everyone else but I’m sick to watch just from the sides.	0
I was n't able to attend the last event but really would like to met some normal people in San Diego .	I could not attend the final event, but I would like to meet ordinary people in San Diego.	0
For analogy : you put feces in your soup you put water in your cars gasoline tank you feed your livestock poison You water your plants with salty water Giving your kids FAS You do n't need to punish these people .	By analogy: you put stools in your soup, you put water in your cars, you feed your cattle with poison, you water your plants with saltwater, you should not punish these people.	0
Your post sure had something that was breaking the rules of this board , maybe was too insulting to be posted here .	There is something in your post that violates the rules of this board, and it may have been too insulting to post here.	0
If you thought Canada was mostly whites you must have avoided cities .	If you think Canada is mostly white, you must avoid cities.	0
Some graduate programs will cater to working professionals and will do the bulk of the classes on line with only one or two days per month actually on campus .	Some graduate programs are aimed at working professionals and take most of their actual classes on campus in one or two days each month.	0
Don't force me to eat with the hired help . [ Do n't force me to eat with the hired help - Page 4 - Cruise Critic Message Boards	Don't Force Me to Eat With Employee Help - Page 4 - Cruise Critic Message Boards	0
Growing up with our many children , the other kids of the town will follow their lead .	We grow up with many of our children, and the other children in the city will follow their guidance.	0
http://www.11alive.com/news/local/st...116782&catid=3 What 's funny about this is they flipped their car later that afternoon right by my house , then had every cop within 50 miles there lololol .	http://www.11alive.com/news/local/st...116782&catid=3 The interesting thing about this is that they turned the car right next to my house later that afternoon.	0
Imagine that someone tells that it 's your fault because you provoked Russians or some similar idiotic bullcrap .	Imagine someone telling you it’s your fault because you’ve provoked Russians or something like a stupid bullcrap.	0
Dyeing your hair is the right thing to do. : attack GO AND RUN ME OVER A * * * * * *	Painting your hair is the right thing to do: attack go and run me over a	0
I tried to buy an extra copy a while back and it was no longer available from my bookseller .	I tried to buy an additional copy a while ago, but it was no longer available in my bookstore.	0
It is a noble idea but I would rather stay here in mostly white Missouri then move to 35 % black South Carolina .	It’s a noble idea, but I’d rather stay here, in most white Missouri, and then move to 35 percent black South Carolina.	0
12 kindred Spirits , the best of the White Race : convened with unity of purpose : saving The Sacred Gene Pool .	12 Generous Spirit, the best of the White Race: gathered together with the goal unit: to save the Holy Gene Pool.	0
Half of winning a fight is attitude .	Half of the victory in a battle is attitude.	0
No bob , i saw it 20 odd years ago on a animal rights stall in london it stuck in my mind .	Without Bob, I saw it at the Animal Rights Square in London 20 years ago, stuck in my head.	0
Charlton Heston is rolling over in his grave knowing an ape has been elected to the white house .	Charlton Heston walks to his grave when he learns that a monkey has been selected to the White House.	1
Great idea though , I would love an all White dance class WPWW	Very good idea, but I would like a white dance class WPW	0
Mass white immigration is Ireland 's current scourge and should be slashed by 95-97 % ..	White immigration is the current disaster in Ireland and should be reduced by 95 to 97 percent.	1
This post by Jack boot and the piece by Marc Moran , are very inspiring .	This post by Jack Boot and the work of Marc Moran is very inspiring.	0
I still want to know what you have accomplished ?	I want to know what you've achieved?	0
Is it any wonder why the antis laugh at us ?	Does anyone wonder why the opposition laughed on us?	0
It 's for everyones protection here .	This is here for the protection of everyone.	0
My last post here if you do n't post in Macedonian thread .	My last post is here if you don’t post it in the Macedonian language line.	0
http://www.wafb.com/Global/story.asp ? S = 11394504	HTTP://www.wafb.com/global/story.asp? S = 11394503	0
for all of you > > > > > serbian chetniks with german soldiers during ww2 so stop telling lies that all serbians chetniks was against nazis german soldiers	For all of you > > > Serbia's Chetnic and German soldiers in the WW2 period, so stop lying, all the Serbian Serbs are against Nazi Germany	0
I've been looking and it seem almost all countries have kicked out Jews or fought them even the Chinese had wars with them .	I’ve been watching that it seems that almost all countries have driven out Jews, and even the Chinese have been at war with them.	0
Thank you for the info. i will deffinetly look into them .	Thanks for the info, I will look at it in detail.	0
Purchase both a 22 rifle and pistol .	Buy all 22 weapons and weaponry.	0
That stat has been sourced on here many many times before ( see post above -- sourced yet again . . . ) .	This article has been published here several times before (see the article above - appears again...)	0
Your a ignorant troll. and sadly your not even entertaining .	You are an ignorant troll, and unfortunately you don’t even have fun.	0
The worst city I have ever seen in person was Miami Florida .	The worst city I’ve ever seen is Miami Florida.	3
I went there as a kid and it was great .	I went there when I was a child and it was great.	0
26155	5265 to	0
my kids want to hang around and bring a couple of nigs into the house .if i do.some members of my family will blank me.if i dont allow it. the kids themselves will blank me for a while , so either way i cant win	My children want to hang and bring a few niches into the house. if I do that. some members of my family will blink me. if i do not allow it. the children themselves will blin me for a while so if I can win	0
Some months later I heard he got caught getting 4 dole payments a week pretending to be 4 different people !	A few months later, I heard that he was caught, receiving four payments a week, as if he was four different people!	0
https : //www.youtube.com/watch ? v = ttRFIvsuf4A	HTTPS: //www.youtube.com/watch? n = ttRFIvsuf4A	0
I dont yell at members for asking questions and the answer is we do have many other candidates going to run .	I’m not screaming at the members because they’re asking questions, and the answer is that we’ve got a lot of other candidates to run.	0
YouTube - Shoe Bombers , crotch bombers , 9/11 and Israel	YouTube - Shoe Bombers, 9/11 Bombers and Israel	0
I feel sorry for people living in Texas , i live in Australia and i always thought Texas was a basically white exclusive place to live .	I’m sorry for the people who live in Texas, I live in Australia, and I’ve always thought that Texas is basically where white people live exclusively.	0
Amazon.com : Scotch Thermal Laminator 15.5 Inches x 6.75 Inches x 3.75 Inches , 2 Roller System ( TL901 ) : Office Products Amazon.com : Scotch Thermal Laminator 15.5 Inches x 6.75 Inches x 3.75 Inches , 2 Roller System ( TL901 ) : Office Products Hope this helps .	Amazon.com : Scottish 15.5 inch x 6.75 inch x 3.75 inch, 2 roller systems ( TL901 ) : Amazon.co.uk Office Products : Scotland 15.5inch x 6.7 inch x 3.5 inch thermal laminator, 2 Roller Systems ( TL701 ).	0
The downfall has begun ...	The decline has already begun...	0
There are some white pride chats on yahoo go to governments and politics then click user rooms there are usually 1-4 white pride chats there	There are some white pride chat in Yahoo to the government and politics, and then click on the user room, usually there are 1-4 white pride chats.	0
I'm young and viciously angry I 'm not going to lie or apologize for my actions i treat non whites like utter crap and i always have and always will they are n't human in my eyes Anyone who tries to wipe out my race and culture will be met by hostility by me any race who rape and abuse their and my women will be met by hostility and contempt by me WPWW	I am young and viciously angry, I will not lie or apologize for my actions, I treat non-whites as shit and I have always had and I will always do, they are not human in my eyes, anyone who tries to annihilate my race and my culture will face hostility on my part, any race that rapes and abuses their women will face the violent violence of the world.	1
If this stupid brown savages would stop slaughtering animals or worshipping them ( like they do in India ) , maybe they would n't be starving and so poor .	If these stupid brown wild animals stopped slaughtering or worshiping animals (as they were in India), they would not be hungry, nor would they be so poor.	1
That's all I needed to hear .	That is all I need to hear.	0
Conservative and white .	Conservatory and white.	0
There's no reason to drive cars with engines larger than 7 liters either ...	There is no reason to drive a car with a engine greater than 7 liters.	0
THEN later on , IF I find my soul mate , marry and have a family .	Later, if I can find a soul mate, I will marry and have a family.	0
soon enough your kids will be taught black history month in school if they do n't already have to .	Soon, your children will be taught black story month at school if they no longer have to.	0
Insanity is running amok in this once great country .	It’s going crazy in this once great country.	3
Her forehead sticks out her eyes are small and close together her nose at the tip is bulbous I do n't see anything European about her apart from the fact she 's got fair skin .	Her head is small, her eyes are small, and the ends of her nose are voluminous, and I see nothing European about her except the fact that she has a clean skin.	0
They must have trapped her somehow , and sent her thru the network to Israel .	They should have captured her in any way and sent her to Israel through the network.	1
Watching out for Anti-Whites if you have info on Anti-Whites send it to this site I am sure there are lots of you out there with info on Anti Whites so send it in .	Pay attention to anti-whites, if you have information about anti-Whites, send it to this page, I’m sure there are many of you who have information on anti- whites, so send it	0
May they be put away for good .	Let them be left for the good.	1
My website Racial Observer offers many free e-books and you can check out our hardcover and paperback catalog at Racial Observer Books	My Racial Observer website offers many free ebooks and you can see our hardcover and paperback catalogue on Racial observer Books	0
Rule Britannia I love you .	Kingdom of Great Britain I love you.	0
Any kind of civilization Negroes have today is a gift from the White race .	Every sort of civilization black people have today is a gift of the white race.	1
I'll look the ballistics up .	I’m going to look at the balls.	0
It shows foreighners in their school and says `` in this country you need skills '' yada yada ... this is directed to enlroll foreighners and racist .	He shows the ancestors in his school and says “in this country you need skills” yada yada... this is aimed at recruiting the Ancestors and racists.	0
http://www.unitedcountry.com/search0 ... 7970 & AU = N & FT = P	HTTP://www.unitedcountry.co.uk/search0... 7970 & AU = N&FT = P	0
We shall see .	And we will see.	0
All those evil irish ignorant racists 2508	All the evil Irish ignorant racist 2508	0
I'm heading down to DC to put a sign on the White House gates that will read : ' No savage negro BEASTS in the White House ! '	I’m going to Washington, D.C., and put a sign on the door of the White House that read, “There are no barbaric black beasts in the White house.”	1
Sounds like a Jew teacher .	It looks like a Jewish teacher.	3
I saw the same textbook picture the other day but for the life of me cannot remember where I was at .	I saw the same picture of the book the other day, but all my life I can’t remember where I was.	0
Records or not .	Recording or not.	0
It would be funny.Even more so if one of them discovered that a Great Grand Father had been in the KKK. !	It would be fun, especially if one of them found that the great big father was in KKK!	0
You 're worried about affirmative action and liberals , that 's your spot .	You’re worried about affirmative behavior and liberalism, and that’s your place.	1
You are welcome , Ross .	Welcome to you, Ross.	0
This is a pop quiz !	It's a pop quiz!	0
White Watch	The White Clock	0
Of course the county is lovely , in facts its gods country in our book BUT the cities are rat infested with enrichers , just how the country is isnt it .	Of course, the county is cute, in fact, its divine kingdom is in our book, but the city is contaminated by the rich, just like the country.	0
This sounds like a sensible , well thought-out plan .	It looks like a reasonable and well thought out plan.	0
I remember when my fifth grade teacher told us this story it made me feel special because I was the only blond kid in class .	When my fifth grade teacher told me this story, I felt special because I was the only blonde child in the class.	0
Your assuming all Skinheads tattoo themselves and kill people for fun .	You accept all skinhead tattoos on your own and kill people for fun	0
How was that even happened ?	How did it even happen?	0
English team are 100 % white ...	The British team is 100% white.	0
Save this website in your favorites , and spread it around .	Save this site on your favorite site and spread it around.	0
OK bye !	Okay goodbye!	0
On the basis of this and the PM 's forwarded to me , you will take a week off to calm down .	Based on this and the PMs that have been sent to me, you will take a week of rest to calm yourself.	0
About half of Internet users are youth so it 's worth a try .	Approximately half of the internet users are young, so it is worth trying.	0
dont screw your life up because of some stupid little fight by using a weapon .	Do not shut down your life because of a little stupid battle using a weapon.	0
More likely they 're afraid of having to marry and deal with a snotty GI-Jane-dyke , only to be dragged into court and have the kids and house taken a few years later .	More likely, they are afraid to get married and deal with the wrong GI-Jane-dyke, and they will have to go to court and take away their homes with children a few years later.	0
The flipside is those 70 % White students will do worse with `` teachers of color '' .	The point is that that 70% of the white students will do worse things with 'Color Teachers'.	0
I sometimes wonder who actually runs this country .	Sometimes I wonder who is actually running this country.	0
But I guess if something like this would have happened it would 've been my fault right ? ............................	I think if this was the case, would it be my fault.	0
Anyone like to meet for a drink - I 'd love to say hello ! ( pm me or reply here )	Everyone loves meeting for a drink - I would like to say hello! (send me a message or answer here)	0
White, I agree with some of your points but also not with others .	White, I agree with some of your points, but I do not agree with others.	0
This flier addresses three of the goals that I work hard to accomplish .	This is one of the three goals I have worked hard to.	0
That's vile , but I ca n't say it 's a big shock , their culture seems to glorify that sort of behaviour ...	It’s unfortunate, but I’m not saying it’s a big shock, their culture seems to praise that kind of behavior...	1
If it 's black , send it back .	If it is black, return it.	1
Soccer is the black mans game as they are so many of them playing soccer in poportion to whites .	Football is a game for blacks because many of them play football for whites.	0
BTL	by btll	0
What city do you live in ?	Which city are you living in?	0
I bet this Negro is planning for an insanity defense and he may just get it .	I’m betting that this black man is planning a crazy defense and he might get it.	0
I wonder why this has been introduced I would n't trust anything that is being taught in our schools - nothing in our schools is for the betterment of our white children and anything that has been newly introduced ( especially in the times we are living in now ) I would be highly sceptical .	I wonder why this was introduced I will not believe what is taught in our schools - in our school there is nothing for the improvement of our white children and what is newly introduced (especially in the times we live now) I am very skeptical.	0
Getting someone else to do our dirty work got us into the mess we are in today .	Giving our dirty work to others has plunged us into the chaos we are now in.	0
Another classic .	Yet another classic.	0
Are those Greek and Albanians considered white ?	Are the Greeks and the Albanians considered white?	0
Taras Bulba ( 2009 ) ( English subtitles ) .	Taras Bulba in English (2009)	0
Not to mention that they do n't belong here anyway .	Not to say they are not here anyway.	1
Deal ?	The deal?	0
unless you are a tourist or here the study for a year or two please just go back Russian , we dont need or want more slavs	Unless you’re a tourist, or studying here for a year or two, please return to Russia, we don’t need or want more slaves.	1
Those pictures hit home for me , and some of those comments on that page are overwhelmingly ignorant .	These photos hit the head for me, and some of the comments on this page are ignorant.	0
I very much doubt anybody else will ask me because hardly anybody else goes on like you .	I am very doubtful that someone else will ask me, because almost no other person goes like you.	0
When the entire non-White world is breathing down your neck waiting for an opportunity to kill you , anything you do to protect yourself is self-defense .	When the whole non-white world is breathing on your neck, waiting for an opportunity to kill you, everything you do is self-defense.	1
The site from which the above transcript is offers all major Hitler speeches and directives for historical reference and has been endorsed earlier .	The site where the transcripts above are provided provides all of Hitler’s major speeches and instructions as historical references, and has previously been approved.	0
Is it where they grade you based on how cultural marxist you are or do they allow people their own views ?	They judge you by how culturally Marxist you are, or allow people to express their views.	0
[QUOTE=Trotis;10497843]Isn't South African chocolate made by overseas companies based in SA ? ( British and Swiss ) Would a `` Mars bar '' taste different made in SA compared to one in England ? / QUOTE ] I would have thought so too , but the stuff tastes different .	[QUOTE=Trotis; 10497843] Is South African Chocolate not made by foreign companies based in SA? (British and Switzerland) Is the taste of the "Mars Bar" made in SA different from the English taste? / QUOTE	0
I guess I got all the brains in the family .	I think I have every brain in my family.	0
Send me a PM if you 're going .	Send me a PM.	0
Because they are not the nationalists of the 30s and 40s many of them were Doctors Scientists Anthropologists-Not Chavs .	Because they were not nationalists of the 1930s and 1940s, many of them were doctors and scientists and anthropologists, not Chefs.	0
Why should they learn to read when the liberal jews down at the welfare office will tell them where to make their mark .	Why should they learn to read when liberal Jews tell the Welfare Bureau where to leave their mark?	0
True story	A real story.	0
I even thought of showing up to their paper sell outside of Heathway train station on the following saturday	I even thought about selling their papers outside Heathrow railway station next Saturday.	0
You must have met me at some point in time .	You must meet me at some point.	0
I see that you are a White Patriot , from your other comments .	I see you as a white patriot from your other comments.	0
Integrated public schools offer nothing but abuse for white children .	Integrated public school offers nothing but abuse to white children.	0
There is plenty of genetic diversity among white people .	There is a lot of genetic diversity amongst white people.	0
The Norwegian government should print several million copies of this book and distribute it free of charge to every adult Norwegian .	The Norwegian government must print millions of copies of this book and distribute it free of charge to all adult Norwegians.	0
White Power !	The power of white!	0
The owner of that little white boat on the right claims he 's had it up to 119 mph. Hmm .	The owner of the little white boat on the right claimed he had a speed of up to 119 miles per hour.	0
Who said the Bible was written by the Jews of today ?	Who said that the Bible was written by today's Jews?	0
It's hard being White in California .	It is hard to be white in California.	0
I 'm going to start looking into it , I 'm tired of being treated like I 'm less important than this mud on welfare after I 've been paying taxes for over 35 years .	After paying taxes for more than 35 years, I am tired of being treated as if I wasn’t more important than this mud of welfare.	0
This is really not European news , but everybody should know that after years of Lebanese and other arabs intimmidating white women on Cronulla beach and after the cowardly attack on two white life-savers ( !! ) the Lebanese got theirs yesterday .	This is not a real European news, but everyone should know that after years of Lebanese and other Arabs, after the horrible attacks of white women on the Crown Beach, as well as two white rescuers, Lebanesians got them yesterday.	1
It 'll be a welcome change to see a fellow WN from seeing hundreds of lefty bastards going to see RATM .	It will be a change of welcome to see a WN fellow to see hundreds of left-wing bastards who will see RATM.	1
http://www.physics.uoguelph.ca/tutor.../trigonom.html Tutorial from University of Guelph physics department .	http://www.physics.uoguelph.ca/tutor.../ trigonom.html Tutorial from the Faculty of Physics at Guelph University.	0
http://ifamericaknew.org/	HTTP: www.ifamerikaknew.org	0
Sub 70 I.Q. I would say for sure .	If it is below 70 I.Q. it can be said to be certain.	1
it does n't make sense to have hispanics securing the border. after all were are their loyalties. let 's support wn s who want to become border patrol agents .	It makes no sense that there are Spanish guarantees the border, after all they are their loyalty, allowing them to support those who want to become border patrols agents.	0
great posts. see how the media has been lying to us for decades about what actually happened and what it was actually all about .	See how the media has lie to us for decades about what has actually happened and what it is really about.	0
Still snow up there and that is on a south face slope so it gets sun there .	There is still snow on it, and it is on the border of the southern face, so there is the sun there.	0
Greeting Fellow Nationalist I and White Avenger and I have joined this Site to free our Great Contry of theColoured Invaders .	Hello compatriots nationalists, I and the White Avengers and I have joined this site to liberate the colorful invaders of our great country.	0
It actively teaches kids to be PC , but it is still useful .	It actively teaches kids how to do PCs, but it’s still useful.	0
I suggest you go away and get an education , New Grange , built in 3200bc is the oldest building in Europe .	I recommend you go and get an education, New Grange, built in 3200 BC is the oldest building in Europe.	0
A more apt analogy would be if he went to a party and showed up to find a small group of whites standing around while darkies kept pouring through the door and acting like they owned the place , so he joined some of the whites in complaining about it .	A more appropriate analogy is that when he goes to a party and finds a small group of white men standing around, the dark man continues to flow through the door and behaves as if they own the place, and he joins some of the white men who complain about it.	0
Next to the section of those job openings ?	Are you getting closer to these opening sections?	0
TAKE COVER YouTube - UPDATE 1pm CST - Meltdown , Outgassing !	TAKE COVER YouTube – UPDATE 1pm CST – Meltdown, Outgassing!	0
You should have just put the money on the counter and walked out with your drink .	You just have to put the money in the counter and get out with your drink.	0
- YouTube	and YouTube.	0
Surprised it came back so fast ...	I was surprised to come back so quickly.	0
The Black race is yet to invent any kind of civilization .	The black race has not yet invented any type of civilization.	1
White men explored space and landed on the moon and white men sent them there and brought them home safe .	The white people explored the universe, landed on the moon, and the white people sent them there and took them home safely.	0
Well said Ghost but , dont bother with that dude-he is one of those that always has to have the last word so it will just go on and on .	Good to say ghost, but don’t bother that guy – he’s one of those who always have the last word, so it’s going to go on.	0
Anyways if you wanna party respond .	Anyway, if you want to respond to the party.	0
I'd like to meet with anyone pro-white , white nationalist or especially national socialist like myself .	I would like to meet anyone who supports white people, white nationalists, especially national socialists like me.	0
Most Whites there are so tan that their skin looks like a person from India I do n't think of myself as anything BUT White too	Most white people are so thin that their skin looks like someone from India, and I don’t think of themselves as anything, but white men are the same.	0
In high school i got all kinds of hell for having an article on Rudolph Hess , and this was before i was even a WN .	In high school, I got a variety of hell because I had an article about Rudolph Hess, which was before I was even a WN.	0
I 'm left wondering what jobs did the `` working class '' whites have ?	I wonder what kind of jobs the “working class” whites had.	0
This was enforced to control behavior .	This was necessary to control the behavior.	0
I 've seen University of Cape Town 's website and checked how many white students they have , about 40 % .	I looked at the University of Cape Town website and looked at how many white students there were, but it was about 40 percent.	0
That's an American invention My Dear .	This is an American invention, my dear.	0
So there white and there against racism or they like monorities against whites ?	Are there white people and racism, or do they prefer monotony over white people?	0
The `` Dragonball Z '' hairstyle is all the rage amongst the 12-14 yr old boys , too .	The "Dragon Ball Z" hairstyles are all the anger among the 12- to 14-year-old boys.	0
I certainly agree we need to up our game , and do so quickly .	I definitely agree that we need to upgrade our games, and that we should do so quickly.	0
I'm 22 years of age and I plan to have 3-4 kids but I do n't feel I can be a father now , I will start have my kids around age 27 .	I am 22 years old and I am planning to have 3-4 children but I don’t feel that I can be a father now, I’m going to start having my children at the age of 27.	0
The Official Website of the British People 's Party A few unpleasant truths re. the zionist ass lickers of the DUP	The Official Website of the British People's Party Some Unpleasant Truths About DUP's Zionist Ass Likers	1
Council of White Patriot Voters Open Letter To NAACP Over Gay Marriage CWPV Open Letter To NAACP Over Gay Marriage - The Council Of White Patriot Voters	The White Patriots Council opened a letter to NAACP on gay marriage CWPV opened the letter to NaACP about gay marriages	0
[ youtube ] l46t _ nrySg4 [ /youtube ] [ youtube ] ky-zdHMNFNM [ /youtube ]	[ /youtube ] [ /YouTube ]	0
Home Schooling is the best option .	Home schools are the best option.	0
Dear genius : Find a statistics text and look up `` normal distribution . ''	Dear Genius: Find the statistical text and look at the 'normal distribution'.	0
There has been a constantly stream of money from the white man 's hand to `` anti-whites ''	There was a constant flow of money from the hand of the white man to the "anti-white".	0
This was taken Monday morning .	That was taken on Monday morning.	0
Kalispell, Montana - YouTube Elliott shooting for the 1st time - YouTube Big Mountain with Grace and Dad - Shreddin ' the Pow - YouTube New years wheelin Montana - YouTube New years wheelin Wild Bill - YouTube Wild Bill New Years Wheelin - YouTube	Kalispell, Montana - YouTube Elliott shooting for the first time - YouTube Big Mountain with Grace and Dad - Shreddin' the Pow - YouTube New Years wheelin Montana	0
As far as Baldwin goes , what an anomaly that place is .	As for Baldwin, what anomaly this place is.	3
I enjoy when a Brit comes in and tells Bulgarians everything they need to know about themselves .	I am delighted when the British come in and tell the Bulgarians everything they need to know about themselves.	0
Most White Western Women have the racial sense of a cabbage .	Most white Western women have a racial sense.	1
Hi, i am just looking for whitepride men in the western canada area particularly BC just to talk to hangout or whatever .	Hi, I'm looking for a white worship man in the western Canadian region almost BC just go out or talk about anything.	0
Read a few books , listen to music and stick to the internet for both entertainment and research .	Read a few books, listen to music, and access the Internet for entertainment and research.	0
Iran to patrol US East Coast & mdash ; RT This report goes back to September , the 28th , last year .	Iran is patroling the East Coast of the United States - RT This report dates back to September 28 last year.	0
Very good video which packs a hard punch .	A very good video that gives a tough blow.	0
If I go to the east ill definitely go to budapest , feel free to pm me if you want to meet up .	If I’m going to the East Side, I’ll definitely go to Budapest, and if you want to meet, be free to email me.	0
Oil on canvas , 60 x 70 cm .	Oil on canvas, 70 x 60 cm.	0
Lots of whites recover from a case of jungle fever to find that they 've done irreparable damage to their lives .	Many white people recover from the case of jungle fever and find that they have made irreversible damage to their lives.	0
Both of them died at the scene , authorities said . `` http://www.suntimes.com/news/24-7/15 ... 041809.article By their names obvisously white .	The two people were killed on the scene, the authorities said. `` http://www.suntimes.com/news/24-7/15... 041809.article Their names are clearly white.	0
I have a few things to reply to .	I have a couple of things to answer.	0
If whites did have some knowledge and a little more recognition was put out there I think most of them would feel a little more pride of who they are and stick to the white race .	If white people had knowledge and had a bit more awareness there, I think most white people would be a little more proud of who they are and would stick to the white race.	0
Maybe some of us can meet , move in next to or near each other , and start building up White communities and keep it spreading across the country .	Maybe some of us can meet, move closer to each other, build a white community and spread across the country.	0
Thank the Gods she has chosen to go with her own kind .	Thanks to God, she chose to go to her kind.	1
Vision of a Future World Pt 2 of 2 - YouTube	Vision of a Future World Part 2 of 2 – YouTube	0
I sent in my application a few days ago and was curious .	I sent my application a couple of days ago and was curious.	0
They are totally adorable !	They are absolutely cute!	0
It is disgusting .	It is disgraceful.	0
Anyone know of any youth White Pride acitivities/organizations in the South Jersey maybe Philly area ?	Someone knows about White Pride Youth Activities/Organizations in South Jersey Philly Region?	0
Although I still support all WN movements from there ...	Even though I still support all the WN movements out there...	0
I ca n't wait to finish this course I think I have about 4 weeks left .	I don't wait to finish this process, I think there's about four weeks left.	0
hi read your post and my name is james from australia , and would like to well write to such a pleasent person as yourself have a nice day !	Hello read your post and my name is James in Australia, and I want to spend a good day with a pleasant person like you!	0
https : //mimimatthews.com/2016/03/03/ ... ampaign = buffer	HTTPS: //mimimatthews.com 2016/03/03... ampaign = Buffer	0
This is another case that just hits you in the stomach hard .	This is another case, it just hits you hard on the stomach.	0
Tens of thousands of people graduate with these worthless degrees , find out they 're unemployable in today 's bleak job market , then take on several tens of thousands in ( more ) student debt to get a law or business degree -- and find out things are n't much better .	Tens of thousands of people graduate from these worthless degrees and discover that they are unemployed in today’s dark job market and carry hundreds of thousand of student debts to earn a law or business degree, and know that things aren’t so good.	0
They are nothing less than indoctrination centers designed to separate children from their parents and fill their minds with liberal propaganda .	They are not just educational centers designed to separate children from their parents and fill their minds with liberal propaganda.	0
HD download : https : //mega.co.nz/# ! zBtHCY7A ! Y6gjhR ... FmjjSD6WEq _ r94 ( 1.01 GB ) I read there will be 5 episodes of this .	HD Download: https : //mega.co.nz/#! zBtHCY7A! Y6gjhR... FjjSD6WEq _ r94 ( 1.01 GB ) I read this will be 5 episodes.	0
Well done .	But well done.	0
Many of us or our children will be attending school and want to hear what drivel they are dishing out so we will know what to expect .	Many of us and our children go to school and want to hear what they are saying so we will know what to expect.	0
RAMMSTEIN - 18.Ich will ( 2012-02-11 - Moscow ) - YouTube	RAMMSTEIN - 18 I want ( 2012-02-11 - Moscow ) - YouTube	0
I feel so sorry for all you people living there , wish you could all move here hopefully you do n't suffer like your neighbours in zimbabwe .	I’m very sorry for everyone who lives there, and I hope you can move here and hope you don’t suffer as much as your neighbors in Zimbabwe.	1
Indeed!	indeed is!	0
We will be announcing congressional candidates and local office candidates in a few months .	We will announce candidates for Congress and candidates to local offices in a few months.	0
I know a couple of skins/klansmen who live in the HB area .	I know a few skin / clanmen who live in the HB area.	0
I would like to talk to you .	I want to talk to you.	0
So laughable .....	It is so ridiculous...	3
* Le me searching le webs for info about le ongoing crisis in this thread .	* Le me searching les webs for information on the current crisis on this subject.	0
Yeah London has gone to hell , when all the remaining whites are gone it will become a zombie town of crumbling buildings , dealers and junkies .	Yes London has gone to hell, when all the remaining white people have disappeared, it becomes a zombie city of torn buildings, merchants and junk	1
One day though , our day will come .	But one day, our day will come.	0
Are Executive Orders Constitutional ? | Tenth Amendment Center Blog -	Is the Executive Order Constitutional? - Blog of the Eleventh Amendment Center	0
Many schools are closed in the area but ours hasnt had any problems so far .	Many schools in the area have closed, but we haven’t had any problems so far.	0
Just about anything you could ever dream of can be found HERE Just about everyone agrees on illegal immigration !	You can find here about everything you can dream about and almost everyone agrees to illegal immigration!	0
And this site was resticted on my moms computer so it took me a few days to hack her PW and change that .	And this site was reset on my mom’s computer, so it took me a few days to hack its PW and change it.	0
I wanted to thank you Mjodr for taking the time today to go check out a house there in the area for my family and I to move to .	I wanted to thank Mjodr who took the time today to check out the house in this area for me and my family to move.	0
Why not build little towns all around america instead of running to some little island that they can bomb if they wanted too .	Why not build small towns all over the U.S. instead of rushing to a few small islands where they can bomb if they want to.	0
Alley mills spring is an artists dream area .	Alley Mills Spring is a dream area for artists.	0
I have dark red-brown hair , but once I dyed my hair black , and it looked odd .	I had dark brown hair, but once I painted my hair black, it looked strange.	0
You are exactly right .	You're exactly right.	0
But what do you say to the ivy who wants to become a tree ??	But what do you say to an Ivy who wants to be a tree?	0
Contact me , we 'll have a holiday ... - cheers .	Contact me, we’re going to have a vacation.	0
That 's unheard of today !	This is not the case today!	3
Egyptians are not Arabs , they are Egyptians .	The Egyptians are not Arabs, they are Egyptian.	0
The illustration of Old West ghost towns is something that every American can relate to .	The illustration of the ghost cities of the Old West is something any American can relate to.	0
I understand your concern , but before you worry too much about coons with guns and their ability to plan anything , watch this video .	I understand your concerns, but watch this video before you worry too much about guns and their ability to plan anything.	0
if i end up with kids i would prefer to home school them. i worry about it though as i am not very intelligent , nor do i have experience with kids or educating them. i guess i couldnt do much worse than the public schools though. i do have a kind of plan as far as social skills. i would put my kids in sports and classes like gymnastics and karate .	If I end up with the kids, I would prefer to bring them back to school.I am worried about it, but I am not very intelligent, so I don’t have experience with the children, nor do I educate them.I think I can’t do much worse than a public school.	0
It is a tough one ..	It's a hard one...	0
I sure hope you 're right .	I hope you're right.	0
I guess this could be added to the classes available section soon at the website ?	I think this could be added to a class section that will soon be available on the website.	0
For once its nice to see an article focus not on the `` evil racist whites '' but on the racism of an ethnic group , in this case the Negroes .	Once, it was pleasant to see an article focusing not on “evil racist whites,” but on a racial group (in this case black) of racists.	0
In other news , math and science scores in California and Florida schools have declined yet again .	In other news, the mathematical and scientific performance of the California and Florida Schools dropped again.	0
Would it not be better to sack the black workers and employ Whites from the camps .	Wouldn’t it be better to fire black workers and hire white people from the camps?	0
If it was the other way around and it was white on black we would never of heard the end of it	If it were black and white on the opposite way, we would never have heard the end.	0
It doesnt even look right .	It does not even seem correct.	0
I'm actually a big fan of Subway but I always laugh when I read this .	I am a great fan of the metro, but I always laugh when I read this.	0
Here 's a link which documents all of the BS that Moore put in the film .	Here is a link that documentes all the BS that Moore has placed in the film.	0
They act quite civilized in the video but i suppose they went on a mugging spree after .	They behave quite civilised in the video, but I think they shake up after that.	1
Apparently, many are not yet out of the closet .	A lot of people are not out of the closet yet.	0
I went on the EDL page last night and I saw the funnies thing .	Last night I went to the EDL page and saw something interesting.	0
The rest is tatar .	The rest of it is Tatar.	0
That 's it I slag off anyone who did n't vote BNP or NF .	This is what I strike to all those who have not voted for the BNP or the NF.	1
Seriously Canada would have been better off if they left the pakis at home , im like you I do n't object to asians because they at least try to fit in .	Seriously, if they left the Pakistani at home, the Canadian Congress would be better, just like you, I’t oppose the Asians, as they at least try to adapt.	1
We have tons of links for materials and free downloads .	We have a ton of links to the materials and free downloads.	0
I enjoyed playing the game when I was a kid , but I never enjoyed watching it on TV .	I loved playing games when I was young, but I never saw it on television.	0
I just passed Devil ' s Lake , ND where the flooding is .	I just crossed the Lake of the Devil, ND, where there was a flood.	0
Hey negro geniuses !	Oh black geniuses!	0
I have read that more French died from Allied bombing than the casualties they sustained fighting against the Germans in 1940 .	I read that there were more French killed in the Allied bombings than in the 1940s fight against Germany.	0
So racial preservation is the basis for white nationalism and white nationalism is the method with which we want to preserve our race .	Therefore, racial conservation is the foundation of white nationalism, and White nationalism is the way we seek to preserve our race.	0
I applaud them for their nationalism , they are proud of their race , and they have their territories which they have built communities on .	I praise their nationalism, they are proud of their race, and they have their territory in which they have built communities.	0
When they sent n iggers to space the space ships started blowing up .	When they sent NIGGER into space, the spacecraft began to explode.	1
I am 1,96 meters tall , and I can pass as a Norwegian or Danish guy .	I am 1.96 meters tall and can pass like a Norwegian or a Danish.	0
Defend yourself !!!!!	Protect yourself!!	0
Forsetinn segir það hafa sent mikilvæg skilaboð til annarra þjóða að Íslendingar skyldu styðja sjálfsstæðisyfirlýsinguna .	He sent a letter to the Icelandic army to ask the authorities to take this into account.	2
I got stuck next to a really huge black woman who stunk to high heaven , and spent the entire ride with my face as close to the window as I could get .	I was locked up next to a really giant black woman, stinging in the sky, and I spent the whole car with my face as close to the window as possible.	0
The only Blacks i saw were Somalies .. and they 're a cross mix of Black and Arabs .	The only blacks I’ve seen were Somali... and they’re a mixture of blacks and Arabs.	0
First time this year that I have seen this area hotter than Lakeland , Florida .	This is the first time I see this area more hot this year than Lakeland, Florida.	0
4 cyclinder motorcycle Historic vehicle Laurin Klement T. B 1899-1903 - YouTube Historic vehicle Torpedo V4 1909 - YouTube Historic vehicle Torpedo V4 1909 http://thekneeslider.com/images/2012...-rightside.jpg Handlebar camera mount ride video !	4 Cyclist Motorcycle Historic Vehicle Laurin Klement T. B. 1899-1903 - YouTube Historic Torpedo Vehicles V4 1909 - YouTube historic vehicle Torpeda V41909 http://thekneeslider.com/images/2012...-rightside.jpg Hand camera assembly video!	0
I discovered this beer quite awhile ago when it was a regional beer even though its claim to famous was the oldest brewery in America .	I found this beer quite a long time ago when it was a local beer, but claiming that it is famous is the oldest beer in the United States.	0
He walks upright , and has human arms and legs .	He walks upright, with human arms and legs.	1
Here, for your ease & convenience -- Insight on the News current annual list as found @ http://www.insightmag.com/main.cfm ? i ... storyid = 464383 Insight 's Top CollegesPosted Sept. 15 , 2003 By Stephen Goode Published : Tuesday , September 30 , 2003 Insight 's Top 15 ( in alphabetical order ) , based on commitment to undergraduate teaching and use of a traditional curriculum .	Here, for your convenience and convenience -- Insight on the current annual list of News as you found @ http://www.insightmag.com/main.cfm? i... storyid = 464383 Insight's Top CollegesPublished September 15, 2003 By Stephen Goode Published: Tuesday, September 30, 2003 Insight’s Top 15 (in alphabetical order), based on the commitment to undergraduate teaching and the use of a traditional curriculum.	0
In fact here at home their involvement in Nigeria is criminalized .	In fact, their participation in Nigeria is being criminalized here at home.	0
Very true .	So very true.	0
If any brothers want to meet up send me a message and we can start talking and and hang out sometime .	If any brother wants to meet, please send me a letter that we can start talking and hang out at some point.	0
Video Shows How Mexicans Beat a 20-Foot Fence on California Border - True Crime Report	Video shows how Mexicans hit a 20-foot wall on the California border	0
Jim Bollich , Bataan Death March Survivor 1 of 2 - YouTube	Jim Bollich, survivor of the Bataan Death March 1 of 2 - YouTube	0
I'm going to post this one a bit early just in case .	I will post this post a little earlier.	0
The only people he 's demoralizing ( or trying to demoralize ) are the families of these dead troops at funerals .	The only people he demoralized (or attempted to demoralize) were the relatives of those dead soldiers at the funeral.	3
Yeah, we could do with the same amount of black rapists as the Nordic countries are privileged enough to have .	Yes, we can do with the same number of black rapists that the Nordic countries have enough privileges to have.	1
Download Free PDF and Kindle versions or order paperback hardcopies .	Download free PDF and Kindle version or order paper copy hard copy.	0
I've seen some other nationalities ones in the world as well .	I have also seen several other nationalities in the world.	0
well i am sure that the jews have the cure for aids but they wont give it to the fags cause they already served their purpoise	I’m sure the Jews have a cure for AIDS, but they don’t give it to the scammers because they’ve already served their purpose.	1
I suppose it 's their version of SF 's News and Articles forum .	I guess it's their version of SF's News and Articles forum.	0
The white man has no future in Canada , that is for sure , because the country is being flooded with non-white immigrants .	White men have no future in Canada, which is certain, because the country is being flooded with non-white immigrants.	1
You are lying and flip-flopping .	You're lying and flip flopping.	3
Your medical factors come in to play .	Your medical factors are coming into play.	0
American schools have dumbed-down curricula , courtesy of the `` Progressivist '' model of education .	American schools have an outdated curriculum, the courtesy of the “progressive model” of education.	0
My mum and dad were both born in the UK but both there parents came from Ireland which makes me 100 % Irish	My mom and dad were born in England, but my parents are from Ireland and I am 100% Irish.	0
They are no better than their daughters , they should have disowned them instead of parading a kid around town that looks nothing like them .	They are not better than their daughters, and they should separate them, rather than around a little boy that doesn’t look like them.	1
The burka is bad enough but it 's the hijab that 's more in need of a ban than the burka .	Burka is too bad, but it is a hijab that needs prohibition than Burka.	0
Absolute stupidity !	Absolutely stupid!	0
I dont know whether to welcome you or laugh at you .	I don’t know if I’m going to welcome you or laugh.	0
I honestly hope that we dont directly involve ourselves anymore .	We sincerely hope that we are no longer directly involved.	0
At the hospital I take care of very diverse group of patients , use your imagination .	In the hospital, I take care of a very different group of patients, use your imagination.	0
I have tall guy privilege ... but I 'm always banging my head on the shower ceiling .	I have the privilege of being a tall man, but I’m always beating my head on the ceiling of the shower.	0
It is better to be hated for what you are than to be loved for what you are not .	It's better to be hated for what you're than to be loved for what we're not.	0
Normally not a fan of beer but it was cheap and pretty good .	Usually not a beer fan but it was cheap and quite good.	0
Met some cute Florida girls up at Logan Pass today .	Meet some beautiful Florida girls on Logan Pass today.	0
Thank you my friend for posting on our section ...	Thank you, my friend, for your contribution to our section...	0
no doubt thats a lovely gun , if i had the money im looking at a benelli as my next shot gun ... also the price of single shot shot guns have gone sky high	Without a doubt, this is a nice gun if I had the money to consider a Benelli as my next gun... even the price for single gun is sky high.	0
I have nothing against staying at home , but I 'd also like to start a home day-care .	I have no objection to stay at home, but I also like to start a family day care.	0
I just do n't understand .	I simply do not understand.	0
NeoFolk ?	The Neofolk?	0
How about you tell us about whatever it is going on in your head .	What if you told us about everything that’s going on in your head?	0
CLINTON, Iowa ( AP ) Police say the boyfriend of a Clinton woman killed in her apartment has been arrested .	Clinton, Iowa police said the girlfriend of a Clinton woman who was murdered in her apartment was arrested.	0
Unfortunately , intelligent outliers of races generally not gifted with a high average intelligence can be very deadly .	Unfortunately, intelligent alien species that generally do not have a high average intelligence can be very fatal.	0
Because white peoples build is more suited to rugby ( stronger upperbody , endurance etc ) .	Because white people are more suitable for football (strong upper limbs, endurance, etc.).	0
We are part of the thraco-celtic ethnic group .	We belong to the Thraco-Celtic ethnic group.	0
Do a search of the site and you 'll find lots .	When you search the site, you will find a lot.	0
Here is Yale YouTube - YaleCourses 's Channel There are a number of other major Universities with lectures posted as well .	Here are Yale YouTube - YaleCourses' channels and there are other major universities where lectures are also published.	0
Unfortunately rich kids always get their way , I say you just ignore the kid during the summer get back at him that always works .	Unfortunately, wealthy children always get their way, I say, you ignore the child during the summer and come back to him, which always works.	0
Remind them that they 're just another Jew tool and that they are basically spitting on the graves of millions of people that were murdered by real Communists .	Remember them that they are just another Jewish instrument and they are basically screaming in the tombs of millions of people who were killed by the real communists.	1
Since you 're now in college I 'd suggest working on a B.A.E. degree and plan on moving to KS and working in this new school .	Because you’re in college now, I suggest you plan to earn a B.A.E. degree and move to KS and work at this new school.	0
I am willing to attend , support and protect Mr. Taylor 's event and his freedom of speech anywhere close to Michigan	I am ready to attend, support, and protect Mr. Taylor’s activities and freedom of expression near Michigan.	0
Why Bedfordshire Needs Kevin Carroll as Police Commissioner	Why Bedfordshire Needs Kevin Carroll as a Police Officer	0
I find that disgusting and not something I could ever understand .	I think it’s disgusting, not something I’ll never understand.	0
Maybe this was mentioned in an earlier post but what about `` online '' home schooling ?	Maybe this has been mentioned in a previous post, but what about home school?	0
Mexicans dress that way here ..	The Mexicans dressed this way.	0
Discuss.	Discuss it.	0
To me it means that Jewish supremacists will never again allow Whites to have a say .	For me, Jewish supremacists mean that they will never allow white people to speak again.	1
It 's plainly there , all you need to do is act on it .	It is clearly there, and what you have to do is to act on it.	0
A mud is a mud is a mud that 's all there is to it .	A mud is a mud.Mud is all the mud that exists in it.	1
So here 's where all that missing bank stimulus money went !	So here was everything that the bank’s incentive money lacked!	0
This is a horrible idea .	This is an awful idea.	0
From what I know they 're almost exclusively Nigerian asylum seekers .	As far as I know, they are almost exclusively Nigerian asylum seekers.	0
So who is this gay dude ?	So, who is this gay guy?	0
It is called priorities .	These are called priorities.	0
The sister of Daniel Wretström spoke at a march to remember his murder , followed directly by a speech by Blood and Honor .	Daniel Wretström’s sister delivered a speech on the march to commemorate his murder, followed by a Blood and Honor speech.	0
Joy To The World - Celtic Christmas Music - YouTube As I Went Out Walking -- Celtic Christmas Music - YouTube Gra Mo Chroi - The Love of My Heart www.celticchristmasmusic.org Irish Celtic Christmas Music - YouTube While Shepherds Watched thier Flocks by Night - YouTube King 's College , Cambridge : Choir of King 's College - Christmas Carols - YouTube Merry Christmas to all who love Jesus !!!!!	Joy To The World - Celtic Christmas Music - YouTube How I'm Out on Walk - Celtic Christmas Songs - YouTube Gra Mo Chroi - Love of My Heart www.celticchristmasmusic.org Irish Celtic Music Christmas - YouTube While Shepherds Watched Thier Flocks by Night - YouTube King's College, Cambridge: Choir of King's College - Christmas Carols - YouTube	0
Glory Glory Halliujah , Glory Glory Halliujah , Glory Glory Halliujah THe school is burning down	Glory Glory Hallelujah, glory Hallujah, Glory the Glorious hallelujah The school is burning	0
Especially in this liberal area .	Particularly in this liberal region.	0
Me an my main nigga Rakwan X and Cracka killa homey G dog money funk on the East side representin Brooklyn soul brotha numba 1 Leroy beez runnin da wigga thing up in hea !	Me an my hand nigga Rakwan X and Cracka killa homey G dog money funk on the side is represententin Brooklyn soul brotha numba 1 Leroy beez runnin da wigga thing up in hea!	0
Exactly.	More specifically.	0
Fountains Abbey-partially destroyed many years ago but still beautiful .	The fountains of the abbey - partially destroyed many years ago, but still beautiful.	0
The main free stuff page for this month is here .	This month's main free stuff page is here.	0
Who reported that they were Jews and had an Israeli passport if there was an immediate media blackout as soon as these facts came out ?	Who they were Jews and had an Israeli passport when it came out as soon as these facts came out, there was an immediate media blockade?	0
Two days , two perps killed .	Two days later, the two were killed.	0
Loopwheels: for a smoother , more comfortable bicycle ride by Sam Pearce & mdash ; Kickstarter https : //s3.amazonaws.com/ksr/assets/ ... jpg ? 1364315377 https : //s3.amazonaws.com/ksr/assets/ ... JPG ? 1366027343 I like the optical illusion of solid mag wheels produced by the spring wheels .	Loopwheels: for a smoother and more comfortable cycling by Sam Pearce & mdash; Kickstarter https: //s3.amazonaws.com/ksr/assets/... jpg? 1364315377 https: / s3.amazonws.co... JPG? 1366027343 I like the optical illusion of the solid mag wheels produced by the spring wheel.	0
Hell I 'd rather clean a dozen tiolets a day then have to walk into a bathroom and see some mongrel standing there with a mop giving me a glassy-eyed stare .	Hell I’d rather clean a dozen pieces a day, and then had to go into the bathroom and see some Mongols standing there, and a Mop gave me a glossy eye look.	1
I was sick for a week and lost 400 bucks in pay because I had to take the time off work !	I was sick for a week and lost $400 in salary because I had to leave my job.	0
Appears as if this fellow best me to it and explained a bit better than I could typing from my phone .	It seems like this guy did the best for me and explained it a little better than I could tap from my phone.	0
The email to that account does n't even exist anymore .	The email address for that account is no longer even existing.	0
I thought I was the only one interested in this .......... The first time I heard about this was in school back in 5th grade .	I thought I was the only one who was interested in this... the first time I heard about it was in my fifth grade school.	0
The wait is a bit long , but I am interested .	It was a long time to wait, but I was interested.	0
Try looking at Christian colleges , I went to one , these tend to have few if any asians .	Trying to look at the Christian Colleges, I went to one of them, which often had very few if there were Asians.	0
I think they 're not White and dont belong in White nations .	I think they are not white and they do not belong to the white nation.	0
Also, it 's so sad to see so much pre made crap in their grocery buys .	It’s also very sad to see so much pre-made junk in their retail shopping.	0
I certainly hope they live up to their name and have a mostly ( or even better all ) -White team .	I definitely hope they follow their names and have most (or better all) white teams.	0
BTW you are not wrong about Mildura , I went through there in mid 2000 and there was n't a non-White in sight but late last year when I went through there all I saw were islanders , indians , asians , and whatever other crap little johnnie could get dumped into the country .	BTW you’re not wrong about Millora, I went there in the middle of the 2000s and I didn’t see any non-whites, but at the end of last year when I went from there I saw the island people, the Indians, the Asians, and all the other shit little Johnny could be thrown into the country.	1
Well good for you .	Very good to you.	0
Revered for their intellectual depth , technical command and artistic beauty , Bach 's works include the Brandenburg concertos , the Goldberg Variations , the Partitas , the Well-Tempered Clavier , the Mass in B Minor , the St Matthew Passion , the St John Passion , the Magnificat , The Musical Offering , The Art of Fugue , the English and French Suites , the Sonatas and Partitas for solo violin , the Cello Suites , more than 200 surviving cantatas , and a similar number of organ works , including the celebrated Toccata and Fugue in D minor and Passacaglia and Fugue in C minor .	Bach’s works are respected for their intellectual depth, technical command and artistic beauty, including the Brandenburg Concert, the Goldberg Variation, the Partitas, the meticulously tuned piano, the Mass of B Minor, the Passion of St. Matthew, St. John’s Passion, the magnificent, the musical offer, the Fugue’s Art, the English and French Suite, the Sonata and Partita’s Solo Violin, the Cello Suites, more than 200 surviving songs, and similar organ works, including D minor and Passacaglia and Fugua in C minor.	0
Knock Out With Knife Hands ( US Marines ) - YouTube Kelly mccan/jum grover uses lots of strikes to that area when teaching combatives	Knock Out With Knife Hands (US Marines) - YouTube Kelly Mccan/jum grover uses a lot of attacks on the area while teaching fighters.	0
Only a very few negatives .	Just a few negative ones.	0
I also attended a Masters/PhD graduation ceremony at a major state university a few years ago - none of the CS degrees were awarded to blacks. [ a couple computer degrees went to blacks , but they were in IT with a focus on internet marketing/web-commerce ] So where are all these black computer geniuses hiding ?	I also attended a master's / doctoral ceremony at a large state university a few years ago - none of the CS degrees was attributed to the black. [ a couple of computer degrees were black, but they were in computer science with an emphasis on Internet marketing / web-commerce ] So where are all	0
I live just north of the area you 're talking about , in Manistee County .	I live in the north of the area you are talking about, Manistee County.	0
In late June early July with friends and family ..	At the beginning of June with family and friends.	0
I think this would just be a tighter grip the ZOG would have on us .	I think this is just a stronger touch, and ZOG will be on us.	1
Ive got nothing against it but i prefer one .	Ive has nothing against it, but I like one.	0
Actually, it 's not us who 's killing them ... it 's they who are killing us .	It is not we who kill them, but they who kill us.	1
I 'm sorry , I 've only got this Kazoo but ' ' Welcome Aboard ' ' just the same .	Sorry, I only have this Kazoo, but 'Welcome on board' is exactly the same.	0
Hey , hey army Dirty , Dirty army Hop off your tanks and follow me We are Marine Corp Infantry Hey , hey navy Nasty , nasty navy Get off your ships and follow me We are Marine Corp Infantry Hey , hey air force Lazy , lazy chair force Get off your chairs and follow me We are Marine Corp Infantry Back in 1775 My Marine Corp came alive First came the color blue To show the world that we are true Then came the color red To show the world the blood we shed Then came the color gold To show the world that we are bold	Hey, Hey, Dirty Army, Hey Dirty army, Hop off your tanks and follow me We are Marine Corp Infantry Hey, hey, Navy, Nasty Navy Download your ships and follow Me, Hey Air Force, Lazy, the Force of the Chair, Hop Your Chair and Follow Me We Are Marine Corp infantry Let's Go Back to 1775!	0
Police threaten woman for requesting white housemates .	The police threatened a woman for asking for white homes.	0
How about this one -- the commercials for the home burglary alarm they keep running on television---the criminals breaking in are --- surprise--always white .	What about this – the ads for the alarm of home theft that still run on television – the criminals who invade are – surprise – always white.	0
I would personally like to welcome all my White Brethren who want to join the fight in Texas !!!	I would like to personally welcome all White Brothers who want to join the battle in Texas!!	0
it makes me so happy to see all of these familes. it gives me more hope than ever that our race will live on forever .	Seeing all these families made me so happy that it gave me more hope than ever before that our race will live forever.	0
I find it kind of funny that they include no women in that picture. perhaps they didnt realize women are integral to a nation. otherwise i think its a great idea and wish them best of luck .	I find it funny that they do not include any women in that picture, even if they don’t realize that women are an integral part of a nation, otherwise I think it’s a great idea and I wish them the best luck.	0
Hey, do you think we are going to get into a fight between European countries about who all are going to get those Guantanamo prisoners ?	Hey, do you think we’re going to go into a struggle between the European countries on whom all will get these Guantanamo prisoners?	0
I never did it to look like a skinhead , but it was funny in high school when all the blacks and mexicans stared at me when I would walk by .	I never did it to look like a skinhead, but it was fun when all the black and Mexican people looked at me when I passed by when I was in high school	0
Remember there will be a delay in your potst ' appearing , until you reach unmoderated status .	Remember, until you reach the unconditional state, there will be a delay in the appearance of your potst.	0
Most white kids i know believe they are superior and they freak out whenever a black guy is fighting a white .	Most white children I know think they’re superior, and they get scared every time a black man fights a white man.	0
I'm going to have to sit down here and start replying to a lot of posts I have been missing here , when I have the time .	I’ll have to sit here and start answering many of the posts I’ve missed here, when I have time.	0
The word Jew has changed all throughout history .	The word Jew has changed over the course of history.	0
Then they will whine for days about the hard life of a 26 year old single mom of 7 kids Justice for Emily	Then they will cry for days over the hard life of a 26-year-old single mother of seven children.	0
If ra-heem had a gat wit 17 bumps and jose ' dised him in front of OG peeps and he capped dat bitch twice den double tapp hector jus cause he be dere , monique pregnant , say ra-heem baby daddy , how much welfare they get ? multiply food stamps X project housing add free utilities , stolen cars and drugs sold to find out why they are still poor	If ra-heem has a gat wit 17 bumps and jose' put him in front of OG peeps, he capped dat bitch twice den double tapp hector jus because he is dere, monique pregnant, says ra-heim baby daddy, how much benefits they get?	1
I plan on going to work and making myself some money .	I want to work and make money for myself.	0
At least the Germans in these movies dont speak English with an American accent like in the old WW2 movies .	At least the Germans of this film do not speak English with American emphasis, just like the old WW2 film.	0
And then follow up by saying `` New Speak '' is not `` Our Speak ' and watch the teacher fumble with that ball .	Then continue to say “new speech” is not “our speech”, and then watch the teacher jumping with the ball.	0
Hi all I just thought I should leave a note and wish all of our Southern Gentlemen and Ladies a happy `` Robert Edward Lee day '' .	Hello all I just thought I should leave a note and wish to all our gentlemen and gentlemen of the South a happy "Robert Edward Lee's Day".	0
After watching television I can spot a Jew like that .	When I watch TV, I see a Jew.	0
There is only about 10 black kids in our school and 300 f' n spics. its my senior year and i really cant stand all this anymore. i know there are lots of others on this board that feel the same , but i need some support !	There are about ten black children in our school and 300 f'n spics. It's my high school year and I really don't stand all this anymore. I know there are a lot of people who feel the same on this board, but I need support!	1
I think it 's profitable to jump on at mainstream conservative chatboards like conservativeunderground.com.	I think it’s profitable to jump on mainstream conservative chatboards such as conservativeunderground.com	0
Also, here is a link to the thread for meeting other people who are interested in defending our race , whether as militants or negotiators .	Also, here is a link to the trailer to meet others who are interested in defending our race, as a soldier or negotiator.	0
Only a f' n jew would have the nerve to hide away in a black country , a fugitive from US law , while making campaign promises at the same time as suing the company he defrauded .	Only a Jew would have the nerve to hide in a black country, a fugitive of American law, while making campaign promises while pursuing the society he has failed.	1
Garners major news media attention for weeks .	Keep the attention of the main media for weeks.	0
Taken together , the dark regions suggest to many the shape of a running man .	Together, the dark areas suggest the appearance of a running person to many people.	0
The sad fact is that this is how he and his Arab brethren would see her kind too .	Sadly, this is how he and his Arab brothers will see her.	0
God please bless with wisdom the judge and jury against this group of thugs that they all might be hanged .	God will bless the judges and jurors with wisdom against this mob, and they will all be hanged.	1
I sure hope they do that with mine because I have a mental block to all math past adding and subtracting !	I definitely hope they can do it with me, because I have a mental block on all the mathematics of the past.	0
So if a child asks his parents what are they celebrating the parents will answer `` we are celebrating secularism '' ?	So when a child asks their parents what they are celebrating, the parents will answer, “Do we celebrate secularity?”	0
The most feminine form which these days has been lost .	It is the most female form that has been lost today.	0
i was shocked that the New Age Tattoos parlor did my celtic cross but he did charge a lot of money for a simple black and white tat $ 130 for it	I was shocked that the New Age tattoo shop did my Celtic cross, but he did indeed charge a lot of $130 for a simple black and white tattoo.	0
Yeah I saw that one on TV about the jew rabbi that was trying to get some from the 14 year old girl .	Yes, I saw a TV about the Jewish Rabbi, who tried to get some from a 14-year-old girl.	0
Should the guy who sang cop killer also have a trial , because he tragted a minority , cops .	The guy who sang the police killer should also be tried because he was chasing the minority, the police.	0
I hope it is forgotten and we focus on the Holdomor and the death of 10 million Christians .	I hope that this will be forgotten and that we will focus on the Holdomor and the death of 10 million Christians.	3
Its made to make fun out of Nazi 's , showing that only small children belief fairy tales of Hitler	It was made to joke the Nazis, showing that only young children believe in Hitler's fairy tales	0
We knew that these structures were built by sub-saharan blacks in the same way we knew that the civilization Greek and Romanian built by white Europeans .	We knew that these structures were built by the black people, and we knew that the Greek and Romanian civilizations were constructed by the white Europeans.	0
The big problem is that some swiss are backing this colonisation !	The big problem is that some Swiss people support this colonization!	0
I 'm guessing her age to be around 12-18 months , and she is TINY She 's 15 inches STL , keeping in mind she 's missing a small piece at the end .	I guess her age will be about 12 to 18 months old, but she has a 15-inch STL and keep in mind that she’s missing a small portion at the end.	0
Meaning every explanation you 've given of what a haplogroup tends to be is inaccurate they mark genetic ancestors the mutations will be in the chromosomes .	That is to say, every explanation you give about what a haplogroup tends to be is inaccurate, and they mark the mutation of the gene ancestor that will be in the chromosome.	0
How 's Balt .	What is Balt.	0
NO!	Not not!	0
I 'm planning to have a little gathering to remember the good old days .	We are planning a little meeting to remember the old good days.	0
I thank that the only one that can tall you what to do is your self and no one els if you see this guy and like his pic. make sure he knows you are WP if you are or you like only White men. that is the way i see it .	I thank you that the only one that can raise you what to do is your self and no one els if you see this guy and like his pic.	0
It's a powerful symbol that strikes fear into the heart of our racial enemies , theres a good video on YouTube done by Thule productions entitled the meaning of the swastika our holy aryan symbol .Here 's the link The meaning of the Swastika - Our Holy Aryan Symbol - YouTube	It is a powerful symbol that passes through fear in the heart of our racial enemies, brings a good YouTube video made by Thule productions titled the meaning of swastika our holy symbol aryan.	0
Try here Amazon.com.	Try on Amazon.com here.	0
You're right .	You are correct.	0
These two are FANTASTIC !	These two are amazing!	0
I shot at 100 , 350 and 500 yards , shoots like a dream	I shoot at 100, 350, 500 yards, shoot like a dream.	0
2508	of 508.	0
That should give you a big clue about his goals .	This should give you a great clue about your goals.	0
Again, I can only offer what I have read .	Again I can only offer what I've read.	0
Please keep that in mind .	Please keep this point in mind.	0
What would people say ?	What would the people say?	0
Click to enlarge , then save to desktop to use ! cb punet square1.PNG cbr punet square1.PNG ca punet square1.PNG I made these a few days ago and was using them on Craig 's List in Europe .	cb punet square1.PNG cbr punet Square1.pNG ca punet Square1.png I created these a few days ago and used them on Craig's list.	0
I have read a 70 -/ + million figure , 92.5 million figure and an estimate of over 100 million figure So I compromised at 90 .	I read the estimates of 70 to 1 million numbers, 92.5 million numbers and more than 100 million numbers so I compromise with 90.	0
Definitely my dad said in his city growing up only nonwhites were a Chinese family running a Chinese restaurant everyone else was white .	Of course, my father said that in his city, only non-white people were Chinese families running a Chinese restaurant, the rest were white people.	3
I'm wondering how would the liberals react to the Zulu movie being released in the year 2014 ?	I wonder how liberals would react to the Zulu movie that was released in 2014.	0
Liberals will have you believe it is so they can blame Whitey but it 's all such a mixed hell hole , all that breeding with arabs ....	Liberals will let you believe that’s why they can blame Whitley, but it’s a mixed hell hole, all of which is breeding up with the Arabs.	1
To found a white community you must be in charge of all the elements that make up a community .	To find a white community you have to be responsible for all the elements that make up a community.	0
Please tell me what the actions are in general .	Please tell me what action is in general.	0
Well I do hope that he will not get the PM position ... neither do I want SV nor AP in the government ...	Well, I hope he won’t get the prime minister post... I don’t want SV or AP in the government either.	0
Does n't sound like I 'm missing much anyway .	It doesn’t sound like I’ve missed it a lot anyway.	0
YouTube - A NATION CANNOT SURVIVE TREASON : CICERO F G are the enemy of the Irish Nation vote S F not the best but care for the working class Irish not the rich scumbags .	CICERO F G are the enemy of the Irish nation to vote S F not the best, but care for the Irish working class not the rich Scumbag.	0
i just had my first child , he will be one next week. i will not push my views on him because if you push things on your child they tend to rebel ! my child will learn right from wrong from my positive examples and he will see the truth .	I just had my first child, he will be one next week.I will not push my views on him because if you push things on your child they tend to rebel.	0
There are so many race mixing ads on TV that it gets overwhelming .	There are so many mixed racing ads on television that it becomes overwhelming.	1
Gay marriage has no place in any society , regardless of your race and culture.It destroys , morals , values , and the future of your offspring that will keep your race and culture alive.Regardless of your race and culture , homosexuality and gay marriage is the genocide of mankind .	Homosexual marriage is not in any society regardless of your race and culture.It destroys morality, values, and the future of your offspring.Your race and cultures will be alive.Regardless of race or culture, homosexuality and same-sex marriage are mass killings of humanity.	1
Used it as his service dress revolver .	He used it as a gun in his suit.	0
I have never seen any around here and I am in a predominatly white area and have lived her basically all my life .	I have never seen anyone here, I am mainly in the white area, and I have lived her throughout my life.	0
I do / will continue doing all of the above .	I will continue / continue to do all the above.	0
Absolutely.	and absolute.	0
I visited your website and facebook page , and I like what I see .	I visited your website and Facebook page and I liked what I saw.	0
Not that it matters much cause you will still be pushed up against those wonderful minorities everywhere you go , and our children will go to schools where they are in the majority .	Wherever you go, you are still pushed against those great minorities, and our children go to the school where they are the majority.	0
Camden New Jersey demographics : Hispanic - 36,379 ( 47.0 % ) Black alone - 34,277 ( 44.3 % ) White alone - 3,792 ( 4.9 % ) Asian alone - 1,599 ( 2.1 % ) Two or more races - 938 ( 1.2 % ) American Indian alone - 235 ( 0.3 % ) Other race alone - 109 ( 0.1 % ) Native Hawaiian and Other Pacific Islander alone - 15 ( 0.02 % )	Camden New Jersey Population Statistics : Hispanic - 36,379 ( 47.0 % ) Black only - 34,277 ( 44.3 %) White only - 3,792 ( 4.9 % ) Asian only - 1,599 ( 2.1 % ) 2 or more races - 938 ( 1,2%) American Indian only - 235 ( 0.3 % ) Other races only - 109 ( 0.1 % ) Native Hawaiian and other Pacific	0
-Heinrich Himmler , Bundesarchiv Berlin-Zehlendorf , 28 June 1937	Heinrich Himmler, Bundesarchiv Berlin-Zehlendorf, June 28, 1937	0
Dr.	The Dr.	0
Wait until the 1950s and 60s generation dies off LOL .	Wait until the generation of the 50s and 60s dies of LOL.	0
Norway : 3.3 ( 2001 ) , 3.9 ( 2002 ) , 3.5 ( 2003 ) , 1.8 ( 2004 ) . ( assuming population of 4.5 million ) Sweden : 2.6 ( 2001 ) , 3.7 ( 2002 ) , 3.5 ( 2003 ) , 2.6 ( 2004 ) . ( assuming population of 8.9 million ) Iceland is at about 0.2 .	Norway: 3.3 ( 2001 ), 3.9 ( 2002 ), 3.5 ( 2003 ), 1.8 ( 2004 ). ( Population is 4.5 million ) Sweden: 2.6 (2001), 3.7 (2002), 3.5 (2003), 2.6 ( 2004 ).	0
I knew if I waited long enough my university would eventually endorse this crap .	I know that if I wait long enough, my university will eventually support this problem.	0
http://www.irish-nationalism.com/forum/	HTTP: www.irish-nationalism.com/forum/	0
The blood of hundreds of white women is on the hands of white liberals .	The blood of thousands of white women is in the hands of white liberals.	1
Damn, Finland is closing in on Sweden in this poll !	Damn, Finland joins Sweden in this survey!	0
What do those pictures have to do with 27 framers of the US Constitution including George Washington , James Madison and Benjamin Franklin being non-Jewish Freemasons ?	What do these images have to do with the 27 U.S. constitutional frameworks, including George Washington, James Madison and Benjamin Franklin, who are not Jewish Freemason?	0
Irish nackers do that themselves .	The Irish people do it themselves.	0
According to the 2005 Census Data from HERE : Non-Hispanic Whites = 66.8 % Hispanics = 14.5 % Blacks = 11.9 % Asians = 4.3 % American Indians = 0.7 % Pacific Islander = 0.1 % Other = 0.3 % Multiracial = 1.4 % Total = 100 %	According to 2005 census data, non-Hispanic whites = 66.8% Hispanic = 14.5% Black = 11.9% Asian = 4.3% American Indians = 0.7% Pacific Islanders = 0.1% Other = 0.3% Multi-ethnic = 1.4% Total = 100%	0
Too bad 98 percent of public school kids are being taught everything BUT the truth .	98% of public school children are being taught everything, but the truth.	0
This had me falling down laughing .	This caused me to fall into laughter.	0
i checked other. i saw the VH1 documentary `` Music of Hate '' and heard Nordic Thunder in the backround. i thought it sounded cool and downloaded some of their songs and in the info on it was the national alliance website and david duke 's EURO. i dived into the movement head first and eventually found creativity	I have seen the VH1 documentary "Hate Music" and I have heard Nordic Thunder on the back. I thought it sounds cool and downloaded some of her songs and in the information about it was the website of the national alliance and the EURO of David Duke. I have immersed in the head of the movement first and finally I found creativity	0
Even if that someone openly uses their own name .	Even if someone uses their name publicly.	0
You are going to have to make this decision on your own .	You will have to make this decision yourself.	0
thats good there they was cleaning the moscow the same way like the capital i with thay would clean here this banana republic ( Washington DC ) send all this blacks and welffare resipiance to the mexico or at list Detroid 2056	It's fine, they're cleaning up Moscow the same way I'm sending all those blacks and welfare back to Mexico or list Detroit 2056 instead of going to clean up this Banana Republic here.	1
Hear hear !	Listen to it!	0
Best thing to do is go along to a Blood and Honour gig.There is one in London in 2 weeks .	The best thing you can do is to go to the house of blood and honor.There is one in London in two weeks.	0
Why do they even have those diversity statistics ?	Why do you have these statistics of diversity?	0
Living in a boarder state , Texas , the problems of illegal aliens is , naturally , a stark reality , and let me add that the only solution that I see is the implimentation of U.S. Troops as guards on the Mexican boarder .	Living on the Texas border, the problem of illegal foreigners, of course, is a harsh reality, and I allow you to add that the only solution I see is the implementation of the U.S. military as a guard on the Mexican border.	1
I suspect they took them because a few of the guys behind were talking about how they had 7k rounds of.22 stocked .	I doubt because they have them because a few men behind have talked about how they have a 7k round.22 stock.	0
http://www.kaapeli.fi/~muutosv/http://www.perussuomalaiset.fi/http://snky.cjb.net/ http://www.kolumbus.fi/sinivalkoiset/	http://www.cjb.com/~muutosv/https://www	0
- YouTube Ghetto black lady vs. liquor store - YouTube	- YouTube Black Lady vs. liquor Shop - YouTube	0
The rest of us Goyim : we have to break our backs making up the inflation difference .	The rest of us goyim: we have to break the back of creating inflation differences.	0
THANKS	Thanks to	0
Once the budget tightening is over for the holidays will start buying certain things from there .	Once the budget increase for the holidays is over, certain things will be purchased from there.	0
The best way I have ever found of dealing with wiggers is to treat them with contempt .	The best way I deal with Wiggers is to treat them contemptuously.	0
Living expenses in Stockholm are very high and some poor Swedes and other Whites have no choice but to live in non-white suburbs .	The cost of living in Stockholm is very high, and some poor Swedish and other white people have no choice but only to live in non-white suburbs.	1
The soul that guided the Ukrainian people to fight the Beast with a great courage .	The soul that led the people of Ukraine to fight the beast with great courage.	0
http://rnebarkashov.ru/foto/ff009.jpg	HTTP://rnebarkashov.com/photo/ff009.jpg	0
The conclusion is in error and the press are disseminating misinformation to parents .	The conclusion is wrong and the press is spreading bad information to the parents.	0
I would love to have an ancient Greek Pagan name , but I do not .	I would like to have an old pagan Greek name, but I don’t.	0
hey man at least you have the balls to get in the cage. most people dont .	Hi, at least you have the ball to get to the box.Most people do not.	0
Are you asking the Africans in South Africa why they hate White people so much that they have murdered over 40 thousand of them since the end of White rule ?	You ask why the South African people hate white people so much that they have killed more than 40,000 people since the end of white rule?	1
lol!	LOL is.	0
She gets cussed every day .	She is kissed every day.	0
I like husband in a decent pair of jeans , a well fitting shirt , and a pair of boots ...	I like my husband in decent jeans, well-fitting shirts, and pairs of boots...	0
I will so so once I get to my camp .	When I get to my camp, I will do so.	0
This disgusting negro makes us ( white people ) look bad .	This terrible black man makes us (whites) look bad.	1
Pro-gun Jamie Gilt is shot by her four-year-old son in Putnam County , Florida | Daily Mail Online	Jamie Gilt was killed by her four-year-old son in the county of Putnam, Florida.	0
Do not show your email adress publicly on the forums .	Do not display your email address publicly in the forum.	0
Hello to all my friends here on the forum .	Hello to all of my friends on this forum.	0
They sometimes ride the ice south ... they turn up in Iceland once in a few years and I think they are common in Svalbard with its frozen sea .	Sometimes they travel by ice to the south... they return to Iceland once in a few years and I think they’re common in Svalbard with their frozen sea.	0
Yup .	Yup!	0
It teaches them direction in life , and it is a plus for Christian youth as it intermixes race and religion .	It teaches them the direction of life, and it is a great advantage of Christian youth because it mixes race and religion.	0
They all need to be sent back to Afreka along with the Joos that control our politicians .	They all have to be sent back to Africa with Joos, who controls our politicians.	1
I do not understand how any White Christians would stick up for Israel like these guys in the video below This happened in Atlanta this past weekend Palestinian state of unrest In Atlanta Georgia .	I don't understand how any white Christian will stand for Israel in the video below these people this happened in Atlanta last weekend	0
I just have to study for three and a half more years until I start working on a masters in electrical engineering Feels like it never ends .	I only had to study for another three and a half years until I started working on a Master in Electrical Engineering and it felt like it would never end.	0
But remember , lots of people I hear say that their parents would kick off if their brought back a non-white home to introduce him/her as their partner .	But remember, I heard many people say that if they bring back a non-white house, their parents will leave and introduce him as their partner.	0
Diversity means anything but white .	Diversity is anything except white.	0
Call the teacher and complain , or pull your child out of his class .	Call the teacher, complain, or pull the child out of his class.	0
Made to Dream - YouTube `` Vocalise '' Jackie Evancho â Vocalise [ Official Audio ] HD 2015 - YouTube	Made to Dream - YouTube "Vocalise'' Jackie Evancho â Vocalise [Official Audio] HD 2015 - YouTube	0
My natural color had been a rich chocolate brown .. but after I had my daughter it got mousy .	My natural color was rich chocolate brown, but after I gave birth to my daughter, it became mouse.	0
Perhaps the proud indigenous inhabitants of Dublin do n't want their culture ' enriching ' ( ruining ) with tripe like this .	Per the proud indigenous people of Dublin don’t want their culture to “enrich” (ruin) with this kind of trap.	1
Thank you for proving our point .	Thank you for proveing our point.	0
The state of Israel built strange communities on the West Bank , and the Palestinians said : `` What is happening here ? ''	The state of Israel built a strange community in the West, and the Palestinians said, “What is happening here?”	0
Here is her Wiki ...	Here is the wiki.	0
I know the Knights Party goes along the line of White separatist and Black separatist and in a peaceful manner .	I know that the Knights are moving along the lines of white and black separatists in a peaceful way.	0
im kind of curious what all of you think .	It is strange what everyone thinks.	0
If you 're not prepared to make the effort of holding faith in Ireland 's future , you should leave this board .	If you are not ready to do an effort to believe in the future of Ireland, you should leave this board.	0
I 'll have to reread it a few more times to get it clear but thanks for posting this .	I’ll have to review it a couple more times to make it clear, but thank you for posting it.	0
Ie : warm water fish , cold water fish , birds , big game ?	That is to say: hot water fish, cold-water fish, birds, great game?	0
Lumberton , Texas in Hardin County .	Lumberton in Texas, Hardin County.	0
White Power Brother !	Brother of White Power!	0
84% French ...	Eighty percent of the French...	0
Eldritch and myself went early to the harbour , but all the boats were cancelled on account of rough weather .	Eldritch and I went to the port early, but all boats were cancelled due to the harsh weather.	0
It's funny how our languages are similar .	It is interesting how our language is similar.	0
I'm not sure what sort of information you 're seeking but I recently found a number of Blacks who have been convicted for knowingly transmitting HIV/AIDS : Kouassi Adaye http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/uk_news/e...de/3389735.stmJohnsonAzigahttp://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Johnson_AzigaStanislasKanengele-Yondohttp://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Stanislas_Kanengele-YondjoTrevisSmithhttp://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Trevis_SmithAdrienSylverNduwayohttp://www.thenownews.com/issues06/0...031206nn2.htmlWillieAtkinshttp://www.dallasnews.com/sharedcont....32a4d9fd.htmlNushawnWilliamshttp://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Nushawn_WilliamsSimonMolhttp://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Simon_MolEversonBandahttp://www.dailymail.co.uk/pages/liv...=5&expand=truePeterMwaihttp://www.crime.co.nz/c-files.asp?ID=36WilliamKaranjahttp://www.amren.com/mtnews/archives...n_rapist_j.phpLinkoyMuhurihttp://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/uk_news/e...on/3256352.stmMohammedDicahttp://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/uk_news/e...on/3190626.stmFestonKonzanihttp://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/uk_news/e...es/4267433.stmGabrielVengesaihttp://www.dailymail.co.uk/pages/liv ... n _ page _ id = 1770	I'm not sure what kind of information you're looking for, but I recently found a number of Blacks who have been convicted for knowingly transmitting HIV/AIDS: Kouassi Adaye http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/uk_news/e...de/3389735.stmJohnsonAzigahttp://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Johnsun_AzigaStanislas www.mith.com/miths.com.com..	1
yes, if it 's true that the white cop was killed , than it is a terrible thing .	Yes, if it’s true that the white officer was killed, that’s a horrible thing.	0
Careful with it at school though .	Be careful with this in school.	0
I'm a cowboy , some what .	I am a cowboy.	0
YouTube - Lyset - Leaves ' Eyes YouTube - leaves eyes - lovelorn YouTube - Amhrán ( Song of the Winds ) - Leaves ' Eyes YouTube - Leaves Eyes A Winter Poem YouTube - Theatre of Tragedy - Lorelei ( Live ) YouTube - Theatre of Tragedy - A Hamlet For A Slothful Vassal YouTube - Theatre of Tragedy - Venus YouTube - Leaves ' Eyes - Emerald Island YouTube - Leaves ' Eyes - Njord YouTube - Liv Kristine - Trapped In Your Labyrinth I know , a lot of videos .	YouTube - Lyset - Leave the Eyes YouTube - leave the Eye - Amelorne YouTube - Amhrán ( Song of the Wind ) - Leave The Eyes A YouTube Winter Poem - Theatre of the Tragedy - Lorelei ( Live ) YouTube - Theater of Tragedia - A Hamlet For A Slothful Vassal YouTube - theatre of The Tragic - Venus YouTube - Leaving the Eye - Emerald Island YouTube - Eyes - Njord YouTube - Liv Kristine - Prisoned in your labyrinth I know, a lot of videos.	0
Shakespeare 's Globe - a reconstruction Highclere castle Gloucester cathedral Winchester Cathedral St. Paul 's Cathedral	The Globe of Shakespeare - a reconstruction of the Highclere Gloucester Cathedral Winchester Cathedral Saint Paul	0
YouTube - In the foggy dew YouTube - BraveHeart Music Video YouTube - Visit Scotland TV Advertisement - Winter Not sure about the message in the last one but at least it shows we 're a white country !	YouTube – In the Foggy Drow YouTube – BraveHeart Music Video YouTube – Visit Scotland TV Advertisement – Winter I’m not sure about the last message, but at least it shows that we are a white country!	0
What happens to a domesticated animal forced to fend for itself ?	What happens to a pet who is forced to defend himself?	0
Disagree.	disagree with	0
Show your support for Golden Dawn and sign the petition , https : //secure.avaaz.org/en/petition ... _ free _ country/	Show your support and sign the petition, https : //secure.avaaz.org/fr/petition... _ free _ country/	0
I am new on here and so far i like most of what i have seen.I am looking for some suggestions on reading material i should read to educate myself about my heritage and how to protect it.I know there are some intelligent people on here who can point me in the right direction or even share some of their knowledge with me so i can be more educated and prepared to be able to help not only myself but my race .	I'm new here and so far I like most of what I've seen.I'm looking for suggestions for reading material I should read to educate myself about my legacy and how to protect it.I know there are some intelligent people here who can point me in the right direction or even share some of their knowledge with me so I'll be better educated and prepared, not just me	0
Finally someone comes out and tells a portion of the truth !	Finally, someone goes out and tells a part of the truth!	0
Vancouver ?	In Vancouvre?	0
OP is a faggot .	It is an faggot.	0
That literally hurt my brain and made me laugh while I was reading it , it 's so ridiculous that you really ca n't do anything else .	It literally hurt my brain and makes me laugh when I read it, it’s so absurd that you really don’t do anything else.	0
Teach them to respect .	Teach them respect.	0
The above comments are spot on target .	The comments above are the objective.	0
We do n't want you in Lithuania or in the USA !	I don’t want you in Lithuania or the United States!	0
Agreed.	agreed on.	0
I cant get my head around the big picture of why we are involved .	I can’t get my mind around the big picture of why we’re involved.	0
You cant protest there for this ?	Are you protesting for that?	0
Why is Ca the melting pot of America it is so hard to fine people that have the same views on our white race as i have ?	Why is it so hard to punish people who have the same views about the white race as I do, since Ka is America’s melting pot?	0
It's a start .	This is a beginning.	0
I lived in California over where I-10 and I-15 cross in Ontario .	I live in California, where I-10 and I-15 crossed in Ontario.	0
The White Horse gig was by far the best gig EVER by a Racial band in Ireland , and a packed house too ...	The White Horse Gig was the best Gig of the Irish racial band and was also a packed house.	0
Your right the white race will have to fight or go under.For the Irish goverment dont piss down our backs and tell us its raining .	Your right, the white race will be fighting or going down.Because the Irish government doesn't hit our back and tells us that it's rain.	0
YouTube - Black doll White doll MSNBC version YouTube - White Doll , Black Doll .	YouTube - Black doll White doll MSNBC YouTube version - Black skin, white skin.	0
Welcome to the Ku Klux Klan : Knights Party	Welcome to Ku Klux Klan: The Knights Party.	0
It 's funny , she even taught their dogs to hate blacks .	It’s funny, she’s even taught her dogs to hate the black.	0
If there is a non white in town , everyone knows about it .	If there is a non-white man in the city, everyone knows.	0
The Jew in the video which I posted speaks mostly in English .	The Jews in the video I posted speak mainly in English.	0
If anyone wants to post it in other forums feel free to do so .	If someone wants to post on another forum, be free to do so.	0
Actually, I saw nicest thing the other day ...	In fact, I saw the best thing the next day.	0
That is why I asked for I figured you would be eithre very wee or very not so wee .	So I wondered if you were very wai or not too wai.	0
A citizen will have the right to bear arms and encouraged to exercise it .	A citizen has the right to carry weapons and is encouraged to use them.	0
All of this diversity crap needs to stop soon whites will be extinct and I 'm not living in a brown world I want a clean white world	All this nonsense of diversity needs to stop, white people will soon be extinct, and I don’t live in a brown world, I want a clean white world.	1
I am a new member from Bronx , New York looking for new friends to talk to .	I am a new member from Bronx, New York, looking to talk to a new friend.	0
Does he know what `` infringed '' means ?	Do you know what ‘infraction’ means?	0
At least not as far as I can tell .	At least not so far as I can say.	0
But a new PLE friend in Sao Paulo introduced himself by e-mail this morning .	However, a new PLE friend from South Paulo introduced himself by email this morning.	0
Are they playing old stuff or newer stuff more ?	Do they play more old stuff or new stuff?	0
Knife, first aid kit , emergency blanket , pancho , lighter , flares , permanent marker , car cell phone charger , pocket mirror , compass .....	knife, first-help kit, emergency whitening, pancho, light, flares, permanent markers, cell phone chargers, pocket mirror, compass	0
i am just down the road to you.welcome to the board.it breaks my heart every time i go to Galway city and see the amount of blacks there.the other week i was walking down shop street and there was a moslem standing in the street selling copies of the koran	I'm just down the way to you.Welcome to the table.it breaks my heart every time I go to the city of Galway and I see the number of black there.the second week I was walking to the street of the store and there was a Muslim who was on the street selling copies	1
Whites are the minority in the World .	White people are the minority of the world.	0
Me and Pawel .	I and POWEL.	0
Hell I 'd rather clean a dozen tiolets a day then have to walk into a bathroom and see some mongrel standing there with a mop giving me a glassy-eyed stare .	Hell I’d rather clean a dozen pieces a day, and then had to go into the bathroom and see some Mongols standing there, and a Mop gave me a glossy eye look.	1
the black security guards are racist and look evil and are always giving dirty looks to white customers especially polish customers !	The black security forces are racist and look ugly and always give a dirty look at white customers, especially Polish customers!	1
I hope the Ukrainians become experts in identifing all the toxic mushrooms springing up .	I hope that the Ukrainians will become experts in identifying all poisonous mushrooms.	3
I wonder if this is the taste of what 's to come to all of Europe in a couple of decades .	I wonder if this is the taste that will come across Europe in a few decades.	0
the kind of perversion that leads to homosexuality also leads to pedophilia. why take the risk , and even if the homosexuals turned out not to be pedophiles why would anyone want a child to live with two perverts .	The kinds of deformity that lead to homosexuality also lead to pediatry, but why take the risk, and why would someone want to live with children with two deformities, even if it turns out that a gay is not a pedophile?	1
Do non Whites really think they measure up to Whites ?	Do you really think white people are compared to white people?	1
Aryan Legacy Feel free to use our site for your project .	Aryan Heritage Feel free to use our website for your project.	0
Daniel Ramsey Shot and killed in his own house in front of his wife on Valentine 's Day by two negro burglars .	Daniel Ramsey was shot dead by two black robbers in his home in front of his wife on Valentine's Day	0
True! but ever know the longer this bs war on terror goes the more high tech wonder war toys they keep coming out with ?	But the longer this war on terror, the more amazing war toys of higher technology they continue to emerge.	0
Exactly if there was a network of devoted white nationalists across Canada there 's no knowing what we could actually accomplish .	Exactly, if there was a network of dedicated white nationalists in Canada, we don’t know what we could really do.	0
The chorus of `` trick or treat '' or `` Halloween Apples '' bellowing at the door .	The choir of “trick or treat” or “Halloween Apples” is on the doorstep.	0
LOL .	It is lol.	0
Because they are essentially child-like and until someone steps up and says something they will just carry on , again like children .	Because they are basically like children, until someone stands up and speaks, they will only continue, and like children.	1
Damn early euro fur traders could n't keep their hide pants on .	The fucking early euro leather traders could not take off their hidden pants.	0
Unfortunately , this is the country of multiculturalism .	Unfortunately, this is a country of multiculturalism.	0
Nothing in it 's lyrics are .	There is nothing in the text.	0
Is n't it interesting how genocide is a crime until it happens to Europeans ?	Is it not interesting how genocide is a crime until it does happen to Europeans?	0
I would also die for the chance for our people to have a living space .	I will also die for the opportunity of our people to have a living space.	0
Police : Suspect in U.Va. case linked to 2009 homicide Virginia State Police said Monday that a suspect charged in the disappearance of a University of Virginia sophomore is linked through forensic evidence to the abduction and murder of another college student five years ago .	Virginia Police said on Monday that the suspect in the U.Va case associated with the 2009 murder, who was charged with the disappearance of the University of Virginia, was linked through the kidnapping and murder of another college student five years ago and forensic evidence.	0
Her victim Wesley Mosier was shot multiple times in the chest , then she and her teen aged son got out and proceeded to kick him repeatedly until the police showed up http://www.courier-journal.com/artic ... g + motorcyclist	Her victim Wesley Mosier was shot several times, then she and her teenage son came out and continued to kick him several times until the police appeared http://www.courier-journal.com/artic... g + motorcyclist	0
Good luck with your bugchasing , homo . . .	I wish you good luck, Homo...	1
Laugh it up ape cause without yt to protect your race Asians will probably do the world a favour and wipe your kind from the face of the Earth .	To protect your race, the Asian people will probably benefit the world and remove your seed from the face of the Earth.	1
he's obviously a good christian white boy with good values .	He is obviously a good white Christian boy with good values.	0
14! 88 !	14 to 88.	0
But still seeing them pumpkins .	You can still see the potatoes.	0
I 'm looking to make new friends in the west / middle tn area .	I am looking for new friends in the western/middle tn area.	0
My prayers go to these parents who are fighting back this abomination against nature itself .	My prayers are with these parents who are fighting against this hatred of nature itself.	0
It is totally a greek name .	It is a completely Greek name.	0
Ugh...	The UG...	0
The boy was so traumatized he did n't want to go back to school .	The boy was so traumatized he didn’t want to return to school.	0
Ahead of their time , as you said Canada day is not about whites and their progeny who founded this nation anymore .	Before their time, as you said, Canada Day was no longer about white people and their descendants who founded the country.	0
The only time I will be willing to sacrifice that is in a fight for Ireland or a fight to defend Ireland .	The only thing I am willing to sacrifice is to fight for Ireland, or to fight to protect Ireland.	0
Yup, Africans breeding like cockroaches , AIDs is not killing them off fast enough to stop their growth !	Yup, the Africans grow like cockroaches, AIDS kills them not quickly enough to stop their growth!	1
Non Whites happened .	White people did not happen.	0
The negro would n't have big buffed muscle body if it was n't for white man 's technology .	Black people would not have big muscles without white technology.	0
I wonder why ?	I want to know why?	0
Lighting : candles , oil lamps , solar lamps Water : creek , well , spring Potatoes : freshly grown , dehydrated , canned Guns : handgun , rifle , shotgun Transportation : truck , bike , motorcycle The list is almost endless .	Lighting: candles, oil lamps, solar bulbs water: river, well, spring potatoes: fresh growing, drainage, concrete guns: guns, rifles, gun transport: trucks, bicycles, motorcycles, the list is almost endless.	0
I have found a website for the Teacher 's TV channel .	I found a site for the Teacher's TV channel.	0
Ironic that they would consider those from Iceland as Germanic when people from Iceland have a 50 % blood link with Ireland due to the Viking slave trade .	Ironically, they would think people from Iceland were Germans, as the Icelanders had 50% of their bloodline with Ireland because of the Viking slave trade.	0
All in all I 'm White	I am all white.	0
May have to get some one day .	Maybe one day you will need to get something.	0
sorry sisters and brothers but she lie to you she was not what she said she was fake used me and a other brother the same time so watch her ? say safe goldeboy 88	Sorry brothers and sisters but she tells you that it was not what she said it was false used me and another brother at the same time, so see her?	0
The other guy is over at the B & H forum ...	Another guy ended up at B&H Forum...	0
`` Those evil Whites .	These evil white people.	1
I have lots more pics of Godunov if anyone ever cares to see them .	I have a lot more images about Godunov, if anyone is interested in seeing them.	0
Have the mods refused it ?	Did Modi refuse it?	0
You can call it a lost cause but I call it home .	You can call it a cause of loss, but I call it home.	0
Seems to me they are in precipitous decline .	They seem to be declining.	0
Agreed, The Blacks and Hispanics should have their own school only for them and have worse education than the children whites like that might not compete with our children whites .	Agree, blacks and Hispanics should have their own schools for them only and can get a worse education than white children.	1
Reflections on the 1970s Image Credit & Copyright : Jimmy Walker Explanation : The 1970s are sometimes ignored by astronomers , like this beautiful grouping of reflection nebulae in Orion - NGC 1977 , NGC 1975 , and NGC 1973 - usually overlooked in favor of the substantial glow from the nearby stellar nursery better known as the Orion Nebula .	The 1970s are sometimes overlooked by astronomers, and these beautiful groups of Orion reflective nebulae — NGC 1977, NGC 1975 and NGC 1973 — are forgotten for the considerable benefits of light from nearby constellations commonly known as the Orion Nebula.	0
5	5,	0
Did daay getz dat Junglef feeeaaver and rr apes da slabve girls ?	Have you seen the boys and girls in the jungle?	0
that crap about blacks being tougher stornonger etc is crap it aint matter when its out on the street it a all new ball game	that the strikes over the black are worse, that are more painful, etc. it is strikes when it is on the road it is a whole new ball game	1
http://www.tau.ac.il/Anti-Semitism/a...-4/ireland.htm	http://www.tau.ac.il/ Anti-Semitism/an...-4/ireland.htm	0
You are welcome to grab on if you like !	You are welcome to take it into account if you want it!	0
For more on The Knight 's Party .	More information about the Knight's Party	0
Hi Michael .	Hello Michael.	0
Let's hope he 's right , and that the heads of the Marxist elites currently ruling Europe start to roll .	Hopefully he was right, and hopefully the leaders of the Marxist elite that now rule Europe will begin to move.	0
Well we must send money so you can arm yourselves .	Well, we need to send money so that you can arm yourself.	0
Ak47 with folding stock 4 .	Ak47 with stock of folding 4.	0
Its height reaches 18,62 m .	Their height reaches 18.62 m.	0
Hey, he says he wants to conquer the world , not stay home and eat cookies ... he 's obviously got balls to post a picture like that ... more power to him .	Hey, he said he wanted to conquer the world and not stay home to eat cookies...he obviously had the ball to post such photos...give him more power.	0
A tall straight white male with 5 white kids , the left is triggered no doubt .	A genuine white boy, with five white children, the left hand is undoubtedly triggered.	0
Homosexuals ca n't undo the fight against White Genocide , only hypocrites can , I 'd rather have openly homosexual men on our side than closet fags or sexual deviants who skulk about pretending to be something they 're not .	Homosexuals can not stop fighting white racism, and they can only be fake, I prefer to have publicly homosexual men next to us than fake or sexual variables in the closet that claim that they will be something they are not.	1
I think we need to take a stand in our homes across the country and around the world .	I think we need to take up a stand in our homes across the country and all over the world.	0
We are cooking a duck on the rotisserie , catch the fat drippings and cook little potatoes in that , its delicious , we 're also cooking a small turkey , mashed potatoes , carrots , pumpkin pie and butternut squash cut in half and baked with butter and brown sugar .	We cooked a duck on the Rotisserie, captured fat drops, cooked small potatoes there, it was delicious, and we also cooked one, baked chips, carrots, pepper cakes and peppers, cut in half, and baked with bread and brown sugar.	0
BTW .. update coming soon with info on my drive back to Florida .	BTW.. update will soon come with information about my return trip to Florida.	0
It is nothing short of hysterical that you are such a retard you have to TELL us in your username that you are `` educated . ''	It’s not hysterical that you are so late that you need to tell us with your username that you’ve been “educated.”	0
All you have to do is have eyes to see clearly .	All you have to do is make your eyes clear.	0
I have decided to take this debate to pm .	I decided to bring this discussion to PM.	0
Tch tch tch .... !!!	That is why tch tch!!!	0
They have no allegiance to Ukraine , their allegiance is to their god of money , power and the eternal enslavement of the hated goyim .	They have no loyalty to Ukraine, and their loyalty lies in the gods of money and power, and in the eternal enslavement of the hated Gojis.	1
go to www.limerickpost.ie . the story here is typical lies the black is laughing all the way to the bank and he did rob the man .	Go to www.limerickpost.ie. the story here is a typical lie The black man laughed all the way to the bank, he stole this man.	0
They go around school acting like being half White/half black or half White/half asian is something to be proud of .	They go around the school and act as if they were half white/half black or half white-half Asian to be a little too proud.	1
SAVATE - Basic Techniques - YouTube	SAVATE – Basic Techniques – YouTube	0
If we can turn immigration around and double the amount of babies we are having plus cut welfare to illegals we will win .	If we can reverse immigration and double the number of babies we have, coupled with reducing the benefits of illegal immigration, we will win.	0
These videos are great in that they are just long enough to get in all that is needed on a particular subject and just short enough to keep it on point and interesting .	These videos are great in which they are long enough to get to everything you need on a specific topic and as short as to keep it at the point and interesting.	0
I see a man with a somewhat Nordic nose and white , not dark , hair .	I see a man with a slightly northern nose and white, not dark hair.	0
Maybe it was because of his repeated personal attacks , in violation of the rules of the forum .	Probably it was because of his repeated personal attacks that violated the rules of the forum.	0
A has been from a genre called `` grunge rock '' AKA sheety music popular around 20 years ago I did n't like them then and now ... same consensus Pearl Jam - Jeremy - YouTube	A was of a genre called "grunge rock" AKA popular sheet music about 20 years ago I didn't like them then and now... the same Pearl Jam consensus - Jeremy - YouTube	0
Hey you youngsters , check out the web site dedicated to Skinhead rock and roll .	Hey young people, check out the Skinhead rock and roll website.	0
Hi, my name is Chris and I want to thank the English nation for being the people most responsible for the creation of the USA and Canada .	Hello, my name is Chris and I thank the British people for being the most responsible for the creation of America and Canada.	0
mate could you imagine the look on a pack of groids faces when you come screaming around a corner on one of those guns a' blazin .	You could imagine how to look at a couple of big faces when you scream a flash around a corner on one of these weapons.	0
Take it slow then gradual , hell make them watch MTV for a few hours it 's the same thing as animal planet. and just gradually introduce them to your views .	Let it slow down, and then step by step, Hell let them watch MTV for a few hours, it’s the same animal planet.	1
Sometimes I watch television here and the camera man asks some Americans where Canada is , most dont even know .	Sometimes I’m watching TV here and the cameras ask some Americans where Canada is, most people don’t even know.	0
21325 white Estonians singing patriotic and just beautiful songs .	21325 White Estonians sing patriotic songs and beautiful songs.	0
The treatment of ethnic Germans in both the east and west after the German surrender is the real genocide that no one wants to talk about .	The treatment of ethnic Germans in the East and West after the German surrender is a genocide no one wants to talk about.	0
I stayed with a Georgian family in Taganrog they was very nice and white and hated musilms .	I stayed with a Georgian family in Taganrog they were very kind and white and hate Muslims.	0
Has anyone watched the Vice Channel 's guide to Liberia ??	Have you seen Vice Channel's guide to Liberia?	0
Bomber-Bike Project at 20 .	The BOMBER BIKE project is 20.	0
I finally heard back from the Child Development today .	I finally heard about the development of the child today.	0
SUOMALAINEN ÄÄNESTÄ KANSALLISMIELISIÄ KOSKA NYT VIEDÄÄN VIIMEISIÄ !!	There is no such thing as the covenant between the people of Kosovo and the people in Kosovo!!	2
One out we will never win but if we can form proper communities we can gain real strength .	One we will never win, but if we are able to form the right community, we can get real power.	0
It makes me wonder if the man who built the `` range '' is a anti gun zealot like his neighbors and they are all in this together .	I wonder if the man who builds the “Range” is an anti-weapon zealot like his neighbors and they’re all together.	0
I've followed Mr. Kievsky 's adventures through VNN for the last couple years .	I’ve been following Mr. Kievsky’s adventures over the last few years through VNN.	0
I was wondering if the anti 's have forums like Stormfront , and if so , what are they - feel free to PM me with the details .	I wondered if the anti’s have forums like Stormfront, and if so, what they are – don’t forget to tell me the details.	0
Again I would not pay to see this Drug addict perform no matter how could she was a singer .	Again, I’t pay to see this drug addict, regardless of how she could be a singer.	0
Ð ÐµÑ Ð ° Ð '' Ð 3\/4Ð1\/2Ð¸ÑÐ°-ÑÑÐ´Ð3\/4ÐÑÐµÑ Ð ² ÐµÑ Ðµ Ð Ð 3\/4 Ð ³ Ð 3\/4ÑÐ3\/4Ð´Ð¸ÑÐµ1.	3°3°4°4′4′3′4′′4′2′′3′3′′4′′3′′3’’4′1′′4’’4′′2′′4''4′′1′′3''4''3''3′2′4''6''4 ́4''1''4`4''2''3 ́4 ́1''	2
Always back into a parking space if possible , makes for easier get away if in trouble .	If possible, always go back to the parking lot to make it easier to escape when in trouble.	0
Hups..	and hups.	0
Good night from Europe .	Good Morning from Europe.	0
If ya wanna talk just PM me .	If you want to talk to me, just send me a PM.	0
YouTube - Broadcast Yourself .	YouTube – Broadcast your own.	2
There were never more than a few hundred people attending this parade , many of them non-Romanian gays arrived from Western Europe .	There have never been more than a few hundred people who have attended this parade, many of them non-Romanian homosexuals who came from Romania.	0
Love Halloween , even the contemporary themes .	Love Halloween and even modern themes.	0
Half white and half white would probably be ok with me .	Half white and half white may be good for me.	0
Most of my food is meat and produce .	Most of our foods are meat and produce.	0
Was n't Beethoven a Native American ?	Was not Beethoven an indigenous American?	0
Thanks for posting the site info .	Thank you for posting the information on the site.	0
I went through that experience moving within the same county .	I had the experience of moving in the same county.	0
...for a giant zoo toy erected on the playground of a `` Christian '' school : Freiburg West : Neues Klettergerüst : MIT EINER SPENDE - badische-zeitung.de	For the giant zoo toys built on the playground of the "Christian School": Freiburg West: Neues Klettergerüst: MIT EINER SPENDE - badisch-zeitung.de	0
I dont know Birmingham but generally the best places to go for a haircut are up market and more importantly old fashioned hotels .	I don’t know about Birmingham, but generally the best place to cut hair is the upmarket or, more importantly, the old fashion hotel.	0
Wouldn't you be embarrassed to wear on your head , against your will , a mock foreskin in the eyes of the world ?	Wouldn't you be ashamed to wear a joke in the eyes of the world, against your will, in your head?	0
Welcome CA1784 , ROY BROWN , Th0r , dan23uk , ourtimewillcome and Glasgow Girl .	Welcome to CA1784, ROY BROWN, TH0r, Dan23uk, ourtimewelcome and Glasgow Girl.	0
18 times in the last 20 years It 's time for the next generation to fight back to regain our country ..... the baby boomers will lose it for us if we do nothing .	18 times over the past 20 years, now is the time for the next generation to fight again to get our country back...If we don’t do anything, the baby boomers will lose it for us.	1
72 hour scenario traps are a waste of time and energy .	72-hour scenario trap is a waste of time and energy.	0
What have you got to say for yourselves ?	What do you have to say about yourself?	0
Get it right .	Do it well.	0
I found it to be pretty interesting , and I hope you all had a Gædelig jul !	I found it quite fun and I hope you all have a nice Christmas!	0
You can grow fruit there .	You can produce fruit there.	0
So everytime I typed this forum appeared so I decided to join and learn more about the Aryan race and such further .	So, every time I wrote this forum, it appeared, so I decided to join and learn more about the race.	0
Monday afternoon a group of protesters took to the field during the 17th minute of an on-campus rugby match .	On Monday afternoon, a group of protesters arrived in the field within 17 minutes of the rugby match at the campus.	0
Don't know if this one 's been posted .	I don’t know if it has been published.	0
Is this confirmed ?	Is it confirmed?	0
Give and take for the good of all .	Give and receive for the benefit of everyone.	0
Hello Brothers and Sisters Just wanted to let you know I had ask for a user name change and they approved it .	Hello brothers and sisters I just wanted to tell you that I asked you to change your username and they approved it.	0
Itt a legtobb Kanadai anti-rasszista , aki meg nem , az fel kimondani az erzelmeit , mert ez sajnos a multikulturalizmus oraszaga .	Here is a Canadian anti-rasist legtobb, aki meg nem, az fel kimondani az erzelmeit, because ez sajnos a multiculturalism oraszaga.	2
Also you did contradict yourself .	You have also contradicted yourself.	0
The old shotgun held together !	The old gun is together.	0
The folks who are O.K. with people knowing that they 're online have those lit green dots on the bottom left-hand side of their screen name .	Those who know they are online have those bright green spots below the left of the screen name.	0
I ca n't believe I spelt asian wrong .	I don’t think I’m mistaken about Asia.	0
Mongol England .	The Mongolian England.	0
When Don Black says I am not welcome at SF I will leave .	When Don Black says I’m not welcome to SF, I’ll leave.	0
I was trying to find out if the Egyptians were white or not and my search brought me to a thread on this site .	I tried to find out if the Egyptians were white or not, and my search took me to this site.	0
there's a spirit rising a spirit called my blood a spirit that needs purity a spirit that needs one one in mind	“There is a spirit that rises, a spirit which calls my blood, a Spirit that needs purity, one that needs one in the world.	0
Ive never done it but heard its a great way to meet people ... although Anglin is n't my favoriate `` white nationalist '' ...	I have never done it, but I have heard that it’s a great way to get to know people... although Anglin isn’t my favorite “white nationalist”...	0
Manslaughter?	The murder?	0
My father 's family is originally from the Highlands in Britain/Scotland and my mother 's family is British .	My father’s family is from the Highlands of England and Scotland, and my mother’s families are British.	0
You can take a negro out of Africa and have it grow up in Boston and Orlando , and it still reverts to its innate negro ways the moment it hits its native African soil .	You can take a Negro from Africa and raise him in Boston and Orlando, and he still returns to his native Negro once he hits his African soil.	1
They fear it might be racist !	They are afraid it may be racist!	0
No judge or government has the right in my opinion to tell parents how to raise their kids - any home school has to be better than having your kids endure a public school brainwashing any day !	No judge or government has the right to tell parents, in my opinion, how to educate their children - any home school must be better than letting your children endure brainwashing every day at a public school!	0
Remember people it is our DUTY to spread Dr. Dukes excellent videos far and wide .	Remember people It is our duty to broadcast the great video of Dr. Dukes.	0
i think the main problem with our movement is that we 're not subtle in our approach. we need to use words that do n't promote controversy. instead of saying racial purity we use words like idenity .	I think the main problem with our movements is that we are not subtle in our approach.We should use words that do not encourage debate.Instead of talking about racial purity, we use words like identity.	0
Thanks for wasting my time .	Thank you for wasting our time.	0
A couple of White woman who speak the full truth and NAME THE JEW !	A couple of white women who tell the truth and call them Jews!	0
Wow .	WOW!	0
This is the exact same thing I think about every non White group .	This is exactly the same thing I think of all non-white groups.	0
hi, I am a 20 year old female looking for someone to talk to and develope a relationshp .	Hi, I am a 20-year-old woman looking to talk to someone and develop a relationship.	0
http://www.islandnet.com/~kpolsson/d...s/disn1965.htm March 14 The NBC TV network airs the Walt Disney 's Wonderful World of Color show , featuring Kilroy , part one .	http://www.islandnet.com/~kpolsson/d...s/disn1965.htm 14 March NBC television network broadcasts Walt Disney's Wonderful World of Color program, with Kilroy, part one.	0
Am I still welcome here ?	Do I still be welcome here?	0
Click below for a FREE download of a colorfully illustrated 132 page e-book on the Zionist-engineered INTENTIONAL destruction of Western civilization .	Click below to download for free a colorful, 132-page e-book about the deliberate destruction of Zionist designs in Western civilizations.	1
Moreover , children 's programs are usually lead by non-Whites , very often mulattos .	In addition, children’s programs are generally led by non-white, very often Mulattos.	3
The Lone Ranger was black Annie was a little black girl There were black Vikings Spartacus was black Hercules was black The jews have two choices for past historical figures Make them to be black or make them out to be crazy genocide White maniacs like in Christopher Columbus	The Lone Ranger was black Annie was a little black girl There were black Vikings Spartacus was black Hercules was black The Jews have two choices of historical figures from the past Making them black or making them mad White like Christopher Columbus	0
If there is a black event and very few Whites show up its the White people who are racist for not coming .	If there is a black event, and very few white people appear, that is white people who don’t come, they’re racists.	0
YouTube - Original Romper Stomper Soundtrack - The Smack Song Irish are white not black its a fact vote S F. YouTube - Romper Stomper - Fourth reich fighting men	YouTube – Original Romper Stomper Soundtrack – The Smack Song Irish are white not black its a fact vote S F YouTube – Romper stomper – Fourth reich fighting men	0
This applies to white humans as well .	This also applies to white people.	0
It is also a breeding ground for Dieversity , and Libturd Indoctronation .	It is also the birthplace of Dieversity and Libturd Indoctronation.	1
In one of the restrooms , someone has drawn an arrow on the wall , pointing towards the toilet paper , and written `` CLA degrees : take one . ''	In one toilet, someone drew a arrow on the wall, pointing to toilet paper, and writing “CLA grade: take one.”	0
And on another note , we have some news : Ruger Corporate Sturm , Ruger & Company , Inc. Reports Strong First Quarter Bookings March 21 , 2012 Sturm , Ruger & Company , Inc. ( NYSE : RGR ) , announced today that for the first quarter 2012 , the Company has received orders for more than one million units .	And, to another note, we have some news: Ruger Corporate Sturm, Ruger & Company, Inc. Report Strong First Quarter Reservations March 21, 2012, Sturm Ruger& Company Inc. (NYSE: RGR), Today, in the first quarter of 2012, the company received more than 1 million orders.	0
I wrote almost the same thing a week or so ago .	I wrote the same thing about a week ago or so.	0
id like kids eventually. but not now. as for your sterlization. that is great. there really is no use for ppl to produce kids if they are wackos. being a nutjob is herditary .	id like the kids at the end. but not now. for your detoxification. that’s great. really no ppl to produce children if they’re wackos. becoming a nutjob is a heritage.	1
Okay I will take your word for it ; but than why do the same people when they use that word not say Cymru for Wales or Polska for Poland ?	No, I take your words, but why do you not say Cymru for Wales or Poland when the same person uses the word?	0
I was only 12 at the time it was scarey as I was all alone .	I was 12 at the time, and I was scared because I was alone.	0
Stop justifying your yellow fever .	Stop to justify your yellow fever.	0
At the end of the day news such as this is what truly counts - not the ignorant and twisted opinions of street punks .	In the end, news like this is what really matters, not the ignorant and distorted opinions of the street punks.	0
hey i live right outside orlando pm me for my phone number not alot of skins like it was in the 80 's but i would be glad to meet others	Hi, I live just outside Orlando for my phone number not a lot of skin as it was in the 80s but I would be happy to meet others	0
I turned out that I was a euromutt and not completely pureblood : 45 % north european , 35 % Med , and 18 % south west asian	I found that I am a Euromat and not entirely pure blood : 45% of Northern Europeans, 35% of Medes, and 18% of Southwest Asians	0
I bet they 'll find a way to invent a new hoax .	I bet they'll find a way to invent a fresh hoax.	1
Good grief !	How sad!	0
I'm an adult in my late 30s .	I am an adult in the late 30s.	0
I feel like im the only `` white '' guy here .... Anyway if anybody is in the New York area let me know ! : attack	I feel like the only "white" guy here... anyway, if someone is in the area of New York, let me know! : Attack	0
It seems fairly accurate to me .	It seems quite accurate for me.	0
White money should only be for the benefit of the white race .	White money should only be made for the interests of the white race.	0
The Russian Navy Tall Ship was on display in San Francisco a few years ago .	The Russian Navy's high-level vessels were displayed in San Francisco a few years ago.	0
A becsület napjás videó nagyon tuti , mindig amikor nézek felvételeket , vagy ismerőseim , barátaim mesélik , hihetetlen sajnálom , h a tanév pont úgy esik , h nem tudok ott lenni ...	A becsület napjás videó very tuti, always when nézek felvételeket, or ismerőseim, barátaim mesélik, hihetetlen sajnálom, h a tanev pont úgy esik, h ne tudok ott lenni...	2
All I can do is hope and take care of my white family by working hard and makeing money so we can all be comfortable for Christmas .	All I can do is hope and take care of my white family, work hard and make money so that we can all be comfortable at Christmas.	0
Shows me that you 've probably never trained in jiu-jitsu .	Tell me you may never have been trained at Jiu-Jitsu.	0
I myself would distance myself from a family like that .	I will stay away from such a family.	0
They can be blue , green , or grey at different times .	They can be green, blue, or grey at different times.	0
Hello takebakamer1211 You are not typing to yourself , we can all see your message .	Hi bichon1211 You don't type yourself, we can all see your message.	0
Cheers	Congratulated	0
I wonder what is under the Gobi ?	I want to know what is under Gobi.	0
You did n't learn about it because it is n't so .	You have not learned this because that is not the case.	0
Good, it is about time those progressive libtards got theirs for the generations of young white minds they have perverted with their pseudo-education .	Well, those progressive libtards have reached their own time for a generation of young white minds who have been distorted by their pseudo-education.	1
And the guard said with an equally straight face : `` Oh , eh , that 's up on the seventh floor , .... dot , dot dot . ''	And the guard said in the same face, “Oh, oh, it stands on the seventh floor... Dot, Dot.	0
I always intended to try making one but never got round to it .	I always wanted to try to make one, but I never managed.	0
At least they 're trying to legally change the system .	At least they're trying to change the system legally.	0
Rifles ?	The guns?	0
It has everything to do with RACE .	Everything has to do with the race.	0
But I 've seen it several times in the past two or three years .	But I've seen it several times in the last two or three years.	0
I was wondering if there is any sort of interest among nordic nationalists or any organizations which promote the unification of Norway , Sweden , Denmark and Iceland ?	I wonder if there is any interest in Nordic nationalists or any organization that promotes the reunification of Norway, Sweden, Denmark and Iceland.	0
The White race is best because when the Creator made Whites , He made them better than He made the other races .	The white race is the best because when the Creator created the white people, he made them better than he created the other races.	1
So according to section C , what few jobs there are in our areas will be given to these people as well Thanks for posting this .	So, according to section C, how much work in our field will be given to these people, thank you for posting this.	0
That is how we get happy country .	This will make us a happy country.	0
It should come as no surprise that the Jews start embracing the degeneracy that they promote ; what goes around comes around .	It is not surprising that Jews begin to embrace the degradation they encourage.	1
In Galicia & Bukovina , in Moldova & Romania , in Balkans & Greece we can see many people looks like her .	In Galicia and Bukovina, in Moldova and Romania, in the Balkans and Greece, you see a lot of people liking it.	0
http://www.census.gov/geo/www/mapgal...inPD-1990.html	You can visit: www.census.gov/geo / www/mapgal... inPD-1990.html	0
I thought they agreed they wouldn t do the Salem march this year because his parents didn t want the media attention ?	I thought they agreed that they would not succeed in making Salem's march this year because their parents didn't want the attention of the media?	0
Thanks for the commentary Mjodr , now I 'm getting excited !	Thank you for the comment Mjodr, now I'm excited!	0
Classic brainwashing .	Classical brainwashings.	3
Ironically, I just started looking into how to get my license yesterday and then I see this post today .	Ironically, I just started thinking about getting my license yesterday, and then I see this post today.	0
South Africa has returned to the Stone Age in 20 years .	South Africa has come back to the Stone Age within 20 years.	1
UGH ....	Uggh...	0
Scumbag swine Churchill .	The Scumbag Pig Churchill.	0
Can anyone give me some links or a loan company they went through for student loans ?	Can someone give me some links or student loan companies they have gone through?	0
Thanks .	and thanks.	0
The DC rally was organized by the National Alliance but lots of other groups and non-members were there as well , the Topeka rally was a joint WCotC/National Socialist rally .	The DC rallies were organized by the National Alliance, but many other groups and non-members also participated, and the Topeka rally was a joint rally of the WCotC/National Socialist.	0
Just got back from my new job .	I just returned from my new job.	0
Have you ever gave hard knocks better than you got them ?	Have you ever given you better hard hits than you got them?	0
I 'll be out of town for a few weeks , and I do n't plan on getting online again while I 'm gone ... Maybe we can touch base then ! 88 !	I’m going to be out of the city for a few weeks, and I don’t have any plans to be online again while I am away... Maybe we can then touch the base! 88!	0
To me and the rest of my commrades on this wonderfull White Day !!! I hope you have loads of fun and be safe !!!!	For me and the rest of my comrades on this wonderful white day!!! I hope you have a lot of pleasure and you are safe!!!!	0
http://www.1channel.ch/	It is located at www.channel.ch.	0
They carry those `` n * * * * r brushes '' and sag their pants .	They wear these “n * * r brushes” and sweat their pants.	0
Steel is harder than brass .	Steel is heavier than brass.	0
This weekend the decorations go up .	This weekend, the decoration will go up.	0
Bit of a different perspective : What was really going on when violence broke out at the varsity rugby match ? [ video ] | The South African	A slightly different perspective: What really happened when violence broke out in a Varsity rugby game?	0
LiveLeak.com - Brawl Breaks Out at Hip Hop Awards	LiveLeak.com: Brawl Breaks Out at the Hip Hop Awards	0
The only type of museum a zoo needs , is a museum about animals and nature .	The only kind of museum required for the zoo is a museum about animals and nature.	0
Years ago I worked at a highrise building downtown , and the local bar association was one of the tenants there giving free legal advice .	A few years ago, I worked in a high-rise building in the centre, and the local bar association was one of the tenants offering free legal advice.	0
Sept 26-28 & Oct 3-5 , 2013 The Great Northwest Oktoberfest - Pioneer Little Europe Community Information & Discussion The Great Northwest Oktoberfest - Pioneer Little Europe Community Information & Discussion	September 26-28 & October 3-5, 2013 The Great Northwest Oktoberfest - Pioneer Little Europe Community Information & Discussions	0
ya they are lazy drug-attics ... and they cant get a real job , all they do is deal drugs or they jump job to job to job ...	They are lazy drug addicts, they can’t get a real job, and everything they do is drug dealing, or they jump to work to work.	1
The problem is that through western elites we have to feed and look after useless savages like malema .	The problem is that through the Western Elite, we need to feed and take care of useless wild animals like Malema.	1
im gonna be in the springs area here soon just e-mail me if you want to meet me somehwere like indy nation ( lotsa skins there )	I will be in the springs area here soon just email me if you want to meet me Somehwere like indy nation.	0
My father was born in Germany My mother 's parent 's moved from Ireland .	My father was born in Germany and my mother’s parents moved from Ireland.	0
October 31st is New Year 's Eve in our European cultural tradition - will there be specific flyers for this event ?	October 31 is the New Year’s Eve in our European cultural traditions – do you have a specific player for this event?	0
They have a few of their own shops , a food shop by the bus/train station and a clothes shop where they sell FUBU and other assorted gangsta rap crap .	They have their own stores, grocery stores near the bus/train station, and clothing stores where they sell FUBU and other kinds of Gangsta rap junk.	0
Joe you are the most self imprisoned person I have yet to meet .	Joe, you’re the most self-prisoning person I’ve ever met.	0
Sadly in France and Germany it 's illegal to homeschool like the lady said .	Unfortunately, in France and Germany, home schools are illegal, as the lady says.	0
Lonewolfing mostly .	Lonewolf for the most part.	0
Oh and the 3rd song too .	The third song as well.	0
Such a shàme how we 've allowed blacks and browns to destroy every last square inch of our cities .	It is a shame that we have allowed black and brown people to destroy the last square inch of our city.	1
On the other hand point to anything he posted as not to be the absolute truth .	On the other hand, he points out that what he posted is not a absolute truth.	0
No if anything it shows that genes play important part in how we behave .	No, if anything shows that genes play an important role in the way we behave.	0
Here is another view of this very thing : Song of Albion There are some really good words of advice for White Nationalists in the last chapter ... should get some people talking .	Here is another view on this fact: Albion's Song There are a few really good words in the last chapter to advise the White Nationalists...	0
I see they have one for $ 116 .	I saw that they had one at $116.	0
My buddy 's boat .	My friend's boat	0
Behind bullet-proof glass , a dozen armed guards , maybe 50 yards away .	Behind the ammunition-proof glass, dozens of armed guards, 50 yards away.	0
Hi brothers and sisters , i live in wiltshire so if there is anyone else here from wiltshire let me know .	Hi brothers and sisters, I live in Wiltshire, so please let me know if there is anyone else here in Wilshire.	0
Karina Sorensen is a member of the Danish Peoples Party , a pro-Danish heritage party .	Karina Sorensen is a member of the Danish People's Party, a Danish Heritage Party.	0
And the contributions of whites are everywhere .	And the contribution of whites is everywhere.	0
We must stick together and see things on the bright side whenever possible for our health 's sake .	We need to stand together and see things on the bright side as much as possible for our health.	0
It was asked for so here it is .	It was requested, it is here.	0
It is the lack of government having a role in our culture which has resulted in what Western culture is today .	It is the lack of governments that have a role in our culture, which has led to what the Western culture is today.	0
Seriously , go somewhere else and have someone else throw a pity party for you .	Seriously, go elsewhere and let someone else throw a compassion party for you.	0
I have brown eyes , and would not trade them for any color .	I have brown eyes and will not exchange it for any color.	0
The documentary `` Super Size Me '' will show you the true side effects of fast food .	The documentary “Super Size Me” will show you the real side effects of fast food.	0
Fathers of Sweden watch out for your daughters ' safety !	The parents in Sweden should pay attention to the safety of your daughter!	0
I would very much like to comment on this topic but I seriously doubt that I can manage to do so in fewer than five pages .	I would like to comment a lot on this topic, but I seriously doubt that I can do it in less than five pages.	0
Huh ?	Do you?	0
Search for it .	Find it.	0
I am a stay at home dad and run several businesses from home and rearing kids IS work .	I live at home with my dad, run several from home, raising children is work.	0
Here you go , 2 houses for 44,000 in a town that is 99 % white. located in a rural midwestern area .	Here you go, 2 houses for 44,000 in a city that is 99% white.	0
It 's a nationalist site as well , maybe give them a try !	It is also a nationalist site, maybe take a look at them!	0
Probably be a good idea to call your kid 's teachers and find out what they are learning about so you dont cause your kids to fall behind in their classwork though , and it will send a message to the school that you dont intend to not educate your kids which might get them off your back a bit .	It’s probably a good idea to call your child’s teacher and know what they’re learning, so you won’t let your child be behind in their classroom work, but it’s going to send a message to the school that you don’t intend not to educate your child, which may make them a little from your back.	0
My kids in school are only around kids born within a few months of them and they rarely get to talk .	My school children are only around children who are born within a few months of them, and they can barely talk.	0
-Zoe	by Zoe	0
The PLE 's will be our sayanim .	PLE's will be our sayanim.	0
http://bmxsociety.com/uploads/monthl...9887_thumb.jpghttp://bmxsociety.com/uploads/monthly_05_2010/post-2192-127351673801_thumb.jpg Another photo , showing the nice rims , billet axle spacers , and USA made Paul rear derailer !	http://bmxsociety.com/uploads/monthl... 9887_thumb.jpghttp://bMXSociety.co.uk/ups/monthly_05_2010/post-2192-127351673801_thomb.jpg Another photo, showing beautiful limousines, the gap between the axes of the ticket, and the dealer behind Paul in the United States	0
Yeah, I 've gotten annoying responses to people when I told them we were going to home school , but they were n't as `` You 're a weirdo '' as the responses we get for not vaccinating .	Yes, I’ve got annoying answers to people when I told them we’d go home school, but they’d not like “You’re a weirdo” as the answers we get for not vaccinating.	0
Temp agency in Conroe .	Temp agent in Colombia.	0
Only in Africa ...	But only in Africa...	0
And for those who would like to participate in a thread that 's a spin off of this one , here 's the link : https : //www.stormfront.org/forum/t204965/	And for those who want to join the trade, which is a spin-off of this trade, here is a link : https : //www.stormfront.org/forum/t204965/	0
There is no greater reason to be joyous than that .	There is no reason to be more pleased than that.	0
I 'm a firm believer in the PLE concept , I just have to take care of my present financial situation first .	I have a firm belief in the PLE concept, and I just have to take care of my current financial situation first.	0
I have to wonder exactly how far the indoctrination is going these days for such a hateful and sickening reaction to a free mind .	I have to wonder how far humanism has gone these days toward these hateful and painful responses to free minds.	0
My kids are in a co-op that meets weekly , they attend church activities twice a week , and they are active in sports and other activities .	My children meet twice a week, participate in church activities, and are active in sports and other activities.	0
Dat Da `` Rainbow Nation '' folks ..... Da rainbow being all the different colours of the trash in Da Street .	Since there are "Rainbow Nation" people..... since rainbows are all different colors of the garbage in Da Street.	1
There was a black who slit a perfectly healthy white womans throat while standing behind her in a store for no other reason then her being white and woman .	There was a black man who stood behind her in the store and teared the throat of a completely healthy white woman for no other reason than that she was white and woman.	0
Been lurking around for far too long and felt it was high time I got my bum signed up in the hope of finding other active and like minded folk close to home .	I spent too much time hiding and I felt it was great time that I signed up hoping to find other active and loving people near me.	0
I'm reporting here that I have n't seen or heard anything on talk radio or TV that even hints at Jewish supremacist ethnic cleansing of Whites from USA or Europe .	I am reporting here that I have not seen or heard anything on radio or television suggesting ethnic purification of white Jews from America or Europe.	0
hello, lisa ; i 's be de man yo ' am lookin ' fo ' . i 's got fo ' teef in mah haid an ' i 's be black lack a bowlin ' ball wif a nice shiny color. i 's got no job but mebbe yo ' kin git one fo ' yo ` f ? i 's be up in hollum ... wif lub an ' kisses. lub rastus hahaha ... sorry , lisa , could n't resist !	Hi, Lisa; I'm a man I don't want to look like a guy I're a girl I've got a bowling ball without black I am a girl with a nice colourful color I have no job but mebbe I have a girl's fo'yo'f I am in Holum... wif lub an'kiss.	0
It is easier for other races to follow the herd but not Whites .	It is easy for other races to follow the flock, but white people do not.	1
Braun	Browning	0
We will just have to wait and see .	We will only have to await and see.	0
I have always enjoyed your posts on other boards .	I always liked your articles on other panels.	0
Hi been looking round for a while on this site and finally got round to registering. nice to see a place where we can openly discuss our beliefs .	Hi, I have come around to look around this site for a moment and finally register.We can see places where we can publicly discuss our beliefs.	0
I understand that we are all proud people with very well defined beliefs but fighting amongst each other is really counterproductive .	I understand that we are all proud people with very well-defined beliefs but fighting with one another is really counterproductive.	0
I have taken THAT particular test like ten times before .	I’ve done this special test, as it was ten times before.	0
14	Fourteen	0
That justifies a zero-tolerance policy .	This justifies a policy of zero tolerance.	0
Do you do certain subjects some days or some weeks and others in different days or weeks ?	Do you do certain topics on certain days or weeks and do other things on different days or weekdays?	0
MY father is American but I would never think of going to live in the lair of Satan !	My father is an American, but I will never think of living in Satan!	0
I guess us whites who tan for most of the year stop being whites save for a few winter days , eh ?	I suppose that we whites, who will stop being white for most of the year to save a few days of winter,	0
Does anyone have a digital camera that could post some pictures of typical public places in any part of scandinavia so that I and others may see the racial makeup of present day scandinavia ???	Does anyone have a digital camera that could publish some images of typical public places anywhere in Scandinavia so that I and others can see the racial makeup of the current Scandinavian???	0
Mods and everybody else , please see this thread ...	Mods and everyone else, please look at this thread.	0
So I 'll use the same one for the most part .	So in most cases, you will use the same thing.	0
What else is new ?	What more is new?	0
www.cofo.edu Franciscan University of Steubenville , Steubenville , Ohio www.franuniv.edu Grove City College , Grove City , Pa.	www.cofo.edu Franciscan University of Steubenville, Steubenvill, Ohio www.franuniv.edu College of the City of Grove, Grove City, PA	0
As do blacks .	Just like black people.	0
So according to your logic since blacks have been in N.America for hundreds of yrs they should be allowed to stay ? and yes whites should leave africa .	So according to your logic, black people have been in America for hundreds of years, so they should be able to stay - yes, white people have to leave Africa.	1
Go to https : //www.stormfront.org/forum/show ... threadid = 22812 There s a cool picture of my friend no 1965 chain immigrants !!	Go to https: //www.stormfront.org/forum/show... threadid = 22612 There is a cool photo of my friend not 1965 immigrants in chain!!	0
Originally it was a good luck symbol .	It was originally a symbol of good luck.	0
Do you take weeks off for vacations or trips or just a break ?	Are you taking a week off for vacation or travel, or just taking a break?	0
The Fans .	for the fans.	0
Can you imagine the hell this young girl went through and for how long .	You can imagine the hell that girl has gone through and how long.	0
Big plans .	The big plan.	0
Black metal is about preserving European culture and values .	Black metal is about the preservation of European culture and values.	0
Beautiful Sweden poisoned by Arab/Muslim trash .	Beautiful Swedes poisoned with Arab/Muslim garbage.	1
National Geographic magazines in the 1950s and early 1960s are replete with color photos of African villagers .	The National Geographic Magazine of the 1950s and early 1960s was full of colour photographs of African villagers.	0
I was able to sight it in before the rain started .	I could see it before it started raining.	0
In an effort to tie the thread back together ....	Trying to bring the lines back together.	0
Torpedo V4 1909 - Ride - YouTube Custom fabricated engine and motorcycle based on 1900s photograph of 1 of a kind motorcycle .	Torpedo V4 1909 - Ride - YouTube engine and custom made motorcycle based on the 1900s photography of a kind of motorbike.	0
And reading the article one gets gets the impression that comp sci departments are desperate and grateful for bodies -- regardless of color -- in their departments .	And anyone who reads the article gets the impression that the comp sci department is desperate and grateful for the body, regardless of the color in their department.	0
I assume we have the concept that those who are themselves not in a PLE might be willing to invest in one .	I suppose we have the concept that those who are not themselves in a PLE could be ready to invest in one.	0
Just 5 bucks a month from every active member is all it takes .	Just $5 per month from active members is enough.	0
Then your gonna see what hell is like .	Then you will know what hell is.	0
Evidence?	The proof?	0
It is still owned by a branch of the same family that lived there in the 12th century , 33 generations ago .	It is still owned by branches of the same family, who lived there 33 generations ago in the 12th century.	0
I guess I should have known that there are too many bleeding heart liberals in the NW to get an answer to this thread .	I think I had to know that there are too many bloody heart liberals in the NW to get a response to this thread.	0
As far as i know they are `` frozen '' bacause they are waiting to see how things will turn out with new `` anti-racists '' laws and act then .	As far as I know, they are a “frozen” coup and are waiting to see what happens with the new “anti-racist” laws.	0
So are you African then ?	So, are you African?	0
What the white girls do apparently is either walk quickly away or whip out their cell phone and pretend-talk into it .	Obviously, what white girls did was either step away or take their phones out and pretend to talk.	0
I found the whole UFC 1 event on youtube a while ago , was great back then no gloves and only a few rules .	I found the entire UFC 1 event on YouTube, and it was fine, there were no gloves at the time, only a few rules.	0
I must say this is creepy !	I have to say it’s creepy!	0
The only hope for these pups is a good clobbering and re-education	The only hope for these puppies is a good clobbing and re-education.	0
I bet those Liberal men are sure proud of their daughter now ...	I think that liberal men are proud of their daughters now...	3
im half an hour from pasadena , maybe 45mins from the valley. im in the inland empire near ontario by the 10/15freeway interchange	in half an hour from Pasadena, 45mins from the valley. in the inner empire near Ontario through the 10/15 free walkway	0
TV , though .	Television though.	0
Why is rugby dominated by whites ?	Why is football dominated by whites?	0
May I ask , how then do you describe a typical Georgian appearance ?	I can ask you, how would you describe a typical Georgian look?	0
These moslem filth hacked there heads off it took about 30 seconds !	These Muslim dirty ones were hit by hackers, and it took about 30 seconds!	1
YouTube- Broadcast Yourself .	YouTube – Send It Yourself	2
The computer can be equally unproductive , but at least you have control over what you expose yourself to .	The computer may be just as unproductive, but at least you have control of what you’re exposing yourself to.	0
Any comments are appreciated .	Any comment will be appreciated.	0
London artist shot dead in South Africa protecting his family from gunmen in raid during wedding anniversary - Crime - News - London Evening Standard	London artist killed in South Africa to protect family from armed men during wedding anniversary - crime - news -	0
Where do you get that ?	Where did you get this?	0
It is always about divide and conquer.If you look at the Golden Dawn pictures they usually have women around there.Unity among Whites is a must between the sexes .	It’s always about division and conquest.If you look at the Golden Dawn pictures, they’re usually around the girls.The integration between white and white is essential between the sexes.	0
We can play this game all day if you want to .	You can play the game all day if you want.	0
It 's parents working all the time and letting their kids watch hours of Mtv after they get home from school , makes the girls think that dressing and acting like the `` Ho 's '' in rap videos is cool and is all they are good for is to be `` pimped '' out !	It makes girls think it’s cool to dress up and act like “Ho’s” in the rap video, because parents are always working and having their kids watch MTV for hours after they get home from school.	0
Look forward to seeing you all again	Looking forward to seeing all of you again	0
Some Klansmen refuse to see where real problems are .	Some Klanmen refuse to see where the real problems lie.	0
Here 's a salute from Bulgaria to all comrades : http://zazz.bg/play : cf3bf803	Here is a greeting to all comrades from Bulgaria: http://zazz.bg/play : cf3bF803.	0
Get ballistic helmets !	Bring a ballistic helmet.	0
( Now with over 18,300 Downloads. )	(with more than 18,000 downloads)	0
Until we have a dedicated cable television station , there 's always the opportunity to use the free cable access airwaves as per this thread : Make a Cable Access TV Program !	Until we have a dedicated cable TV station, there is always the opportunity to access the air waves using free cable according to this thread: Make cable access to TV shows!	0
Therefore everyone in this thread is a holocaust survivor .	This is why everyone in this thread is a survivor of the Holocaust.	1
I blame the school with all it 's ethicts and multicult loving teachers , i 'm saving as many pupils i can , but i fear that 's not enught	I blame the school for all the teachers who love ethics and multiculturalism, I’m saving as many students as I can, but I fear it.	0
Too many white youth have grown fat and lazy .	Too many young white people have become fat and lazy.	0
It's not WV .	This is not WW.	0
Literally .	and literally.	0
We have a National party in Canada they are just not that recognized yet. check out Nationalist Party of Canada and support !	We have a national party in Canada, and they just haven't been recognized yet. Check out the Canadian national party and support!	0
And all the others should go to .	Everyone else should go to.	0
How can anyone teach or discuss past events leaving out a race people responsible for the majority of strife amongst Europeans .	The way anyone can teach or discuss past events is to leave the race responsible for most conflicts between Europeans.	0
17 days since Halloween .	14 days after Halloween.	0
I have a lot of respect for teachers because I know I could n't do it in these times .	I have a lot of respect for teachers because I know I’t be able to do that at that time.	0
Ya hey der !	Oh oh oh oh!	0
Thanks for the encouragement !	Thank you for your encouragement!	0
We might as well just abandon the land because people invaded the land and took it from the animals .	We may have abandoned the land because humans invaded land and stole it from animals.	0
I have n't been able to finish watching even one of these videos .	I haven’t finished watching these videos yet.	0
hey and if you ever experience a lawsuit from the negro hispanic jews claiming you are racist , simply make an example of the hundreds of negro mexican schools that deny white children .	If you encounter lawsuits against black Hispanic Jews claiming you are racists, take for example that hundreds of black schools in Mexico deny white children.	1
Perhaps they realize people are waking up to the story and figure they should take their gains and quit while they are ahead .	They may feel aware that people are awakening to history and imagine they should take their profits and leave while they are ahead.	0
Dot , dot , dot . "	“Dot, dot and dot”	0
I say let him in and let him rant his mouth with all the Mudslums !	I said, let him go in, let his mouth be cleaned with all the clay!	1
The only older person I know who I can act racist around is my friend 's mom .	The only elderly person I know who can be racist to me is my friend’s mother.	0
It was too much police and security police involving , but you will see in Latvia.Also , all that crap was lasting about some 45 minutes .	It involved so many police and security officers, but you can see it in Latvia.Also, all that shit lasted for about 45 minutes.	0
Is so readily happy to `` welcome '' .	I was very pleased to be “welcomed”.	0
Wait there is going to be anti-white people in Euro 2012 ?	Are there anti-whites in the Euro 2012?	0
Janet Yellen - Wikipedia , the free encyclopedia	Janet Yellen, Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia	0
As far as I know the government gives them money for cars but im not sure how much they recieve and what the terms and conditions are if any .	As far as I know, the government gives them funding for the car, but they are not sure how much they will receive or what the conditions and conditions are.	0
It might hold together for a short time but eventually major problems will develop .	It can stay together for a short time, but eventually there will be big problems.	0
Back to where ya came from !	Return to where you have already come!	1
Hi, thought i 'd drop by and introduce myself , i just wish i 'd found this place earlier = / look forward to chatting to you all , niks .	Hi, I fell and thought to introduce myself, I just hope I found this place soon = / I am looking forward to chat with you	0
If so could I get a link ?	If so, can I get the link?	0
Beuthen - Großstadt im oberschlesischen Kohlenrevier - YouTube	Grand Town in the Oberschlesischen Kohlenrevier	0
If in doubt , ask the clerk .	If you have any doubts, ask your boss.	0
Some of the first symbols used to portray the sun god is a circle with a cross inside .	Some of the first symbols used to represent the god of the sun is a circle with a cross inside.	0
I havent seen a white security gaurd for years.although i did see a black security gaurd chasing a lithuanian shoplifter a few weeks ago it was hilarious.i was waiting to cross the road when i saw this guy run from the shop with a bag full of meat and cheese , he got two steps out of the shop and tripped up the bag fell in the road with the shoplifter almost getting run over , he got straight up and run like the wind chased by security ( who failed to catch the thief )	I have seen a white security guard for years, but even though I saw a black security driver pursuing a Lithuanian shopping rider a few weeks ago, I was waiting to cross the road when I saw this man running out of the store with a bag full of meat and cheese, but he almost fled and took two steps out to the bag where the shop rider fell on the street.	0
Either it was straight out the ass of god himself and divine or meaningless and devoid of all reason .	Either it was the donkey of the same god and divine, or it was meaningless and lacking any reason.	0
Some so remote , you will hear coyotes , and see the night sky as never before .	In the distance, you’ll hear the voices of the coyotes and see the night sky as never before.	0
We need to start a pool on stormfront and use the money to buy this place .	We need to start a swimming pool on the border of the storm and use the money to buy this place.	0
Just for the record is this the same Journalist that wrote the article a few weeks ago telling us to mongrelise ?	For the record, is this the same journalist who wrote an article that told us to mongrelize a few weeks ago?	0
Lass	Las is	0
When I watch things like this I pray God will have vengeance on these sub humans even if they have asked for forgiveness .	When I saw such a thing, I prayed that God would take revenge on these humans, even if they had asked for forgiveness.	1
My good friend and neighbor carries his like that too .	My good friends and neighbors have the same thing.	0
Swissgirl is your teacher openly gay ?	Is Swissgirl your teacher openly homosexual?	0
Now I 'm motivated !	I am motivated now!	0
Celts are tall or short blond , brunette , black headed or red headed light , medium color or suntanned light or dark colored eyes. freckled or non-freckled .	Celts are high or short blonde, brown, black hair or red hair light, medium or bright color or dark eye.	0
Their shin bones are like glass .	Their bone is like glass.	0
Has earned a degree from the Nyborg Business School .	He has obtained a degree from the Nyborg School of Business.	0
No wonder this races achieve nothing .	It is no wonder that these races have not achieved anything.	1
Only thing now is they have to go get their skin dyed .	The only thing they have now is that they will have their skin painted.	0
DO you guys still attend school or how old r ya ? just want to put it into perspective since i am the only one who dresses like a skin at my school ... i think	Do you still go to school? and how old are you? just want to put it in perspective, because I was the only person in school who was wearing the skin... I think.	0
Thanks for the e-mail and addresses .	Thank you for the email and addresses.	0
I 'll leave a blank line where the phone number goes ; that will allow for locals to write or stamp it in .	I will leave an empty line where the phone number goes; which will allow the locals to write it or mark it.	0
I'm looking for a white enchanting girl , That I can have by my side , . through the thick filth that us americans go through and the best of times aswell .	I am looking for a white attractive girl to have on my side, through the thick dirt we Americans experience, and through the best times.	1
Maximum resistance towards Zog !	Maximal resistance to Zog!	1
The home learner 's site is down can someone maybe email these to me or send me a copy of each ?	The home learner’s website is below, can someone send me these emails or send me a	0
everyone who doesnt speak Romanian and look as in WHITE get out of Romania a move back to your homeland .	All those who do not speak Romanian and see themselves as white, leave Romania and return to their homeland.	1
It gets back to the question of how we present ourselves in some acceptable fashion while at the same time not changing who we are .	It comes back again to the question of how to present ourselves in an acceptable way and at the same time not to change who we are.	0
It is a noble idea but I would rather stay here in mostly white Missouri then move to 35 % black South Carolina .	It’s a noble idea, but I’d rather stay here, in most white Missouri, and then move to 35 percent black South Carolina.	0
I've always said that black people make the perfect slaves because anyone who cannot or will not take responsibility and be master of their own lives is already a slave .	I have always said that the black people are making the perfect slaves, because those who are not responsible and cannot be the master of their lives are already slaves.	1
I read recently in cold black and white print that there was around 10,000 nigerians in Ireland ... Now you say close to 300,000 ????!	I recently read in cold black-and-white print that there were about 10,000 Nigerians in Ireland... Now you say, there are almost 300.	0
Every white person from Michigan knows that our Detroit negros are the worst in America .	Every white person in Michigan knows that our Negroes in Detroit are the worst in America.	1
I 'm surprised they 're not holding the gun back to front .	I’m surprised that they don’t hold their guns back in front.	1
Damn Canada !	The Canadian!	0
Check out the link in my sig brother .	Please click on the link to my SIG brothers.	0
THe thing i was asking if it is alright if i remain here afterwards ?	I asked if it was normal for me to stay here.	0
Cowardly scum from the Irish countryside bigging up in army jackets .	In the Irish countryside, a scary ass grew up as an army jacket.	1
High time they get back to mother Affika and fix that mess .	It is time for them to return to the mother Affika and repair this misfortune.	1
I only included guns that are in my possession .	I only took up the weapons I owned.	0
You will find many true White Nationalists indeed have tattoos so your statement they are stupid and retarded is all your own , you wont make many friend here with that attitude .	You’ll find that many genuine white nationalists do have tattoos, so your claims they’re stupid and delayed are all yours, and you won’t make a lot of friends here with that attitude.	0
Oh wait thats what the whites are doing for them , kind of like a zoo ?	Oh, wait, this is what white people do for them, like a zoo?	1
Tesco shoppers in Mold , Flintshire flee man wielding machete | Daily Mail Online edit : sorry i just saw this has already been posted .	Tesco shoppers in Mould, Flintshire fuga man wielding machete Átha Daily Mail Online edit: sorry I just saw this has already been posted.	0
Where I live now it is n't so bad .	Where I live, it is not so bad.	0
We must stand for something together for alone we stand for nothing .	We have to defend something together, because we defend everything alone.	0
Kick over the pieces ?	Put the pieces on top?	0
When the phosphor hits the skin it starts to burn going deeper and deeper into the flesh .	When phosphorus touches the skin, it begins to burn, getting deeper and deeper into the body.	0
Great Halloween !	Good Halloween!	0
How many white lives would it have saved so far if we had no non whites here , just in the USA and Canada ?	So far, how many lives would it save if we had no non-white here, only in the United States and Canada?	0
You 've managed to do the total opposite and created meaningless arguments that will get us nowhere .	You could have done the opposite and created meaningless arguments that could not take us anywhere.	0
And then you need to avoid High Fructose Corn Syrup - bad for you and made from GM corn .	Then you need to avoid high fructose corn sugar pulp – harmful to you, made from GM maize.	0
Anyone have a link to watch the Rousey / Correia fight online ?	Does anyone have a link to watch Rousey / Correia's Battle online?	0
Period .	of period.	0
The other day I Jewgled 72 shot Chicago and NO mainstream media listing came up--just smaller outlets and blogs .	Last day I hit 72 shots in Chicago and there was no mainstream media list - just smaller media and blogs.	0
Monday afternoon .	Sunday afternoon.	0
We say here that if we want to be lied to just watch the news !	We are here to say if we want to be cheated, look at the news!	0
I never drink diet anything either because of the aspartame and water is for the fish .	I never drank aspartame because water is for fish.	0
Didnt you just say we 're all going to die off anyway ... but its ok because more White people are going to replace us ?	You just said 'we're all going to die', but it's okay because more white people will replace us?	0
2508	of 508.	0
They can talk to adults or to kids of any age .	They can speak with adults or with children of any age.	0
Unfortunately for the poor Japanese , their island is getting very crowded now .	Unfortunately, for the poor Japanese, their islands are now very crowded.	0
[ 85.362 ] [ 228.275 ] March 21 The NBC TV network airs the Walt Disney 's Wonderful World of Color show , featuring Kilroy , part two .	[85.362] [228.275] On March 21, the NBC television network broadcasts Walt Disney's Wonderful World of Color program, with Kilroy, part two.	0
I'd like to add that the media reporting on this paper is diabolical .	I would like to add that the media reports in this article are diabolical.	0
They wo n't rest till they have wiped us off the face of the earth	They do not rest until they have erased us from the surface of the earth.	1
In another year I 'll have my B/S in civil engineering .	In a year, I will have my B / S in Civil Engineering.	0
YouTube - Broadcast Yourself .	YouTube – Broadcast your own.	2
Charlotte Church * * Little Drummer Boy * * - YouTube	Charlotte Church - Little Drummer Boy - YouTube	0
They say they dont want to take our guns .	They say they don't want to take our weapons.	0
I have no idea .	I do not have any idea.	0
2-Year-Old Dies Of Rape , Mammy 's Boonfren ' Charged - NNN Reporters Newsroom Forum Dekalb 2-Year-Old Dead ; Caregiver Charged Police Say Child Was Abused POSTED : 10 : 41 pm EDT October 2 , 2010 UPDATED : 11 : 51 pm EDT October 3 , 2010 Dekalb 2-Year-Old Dead ; Caregiver Charged - DeKalb County Headlines News Story - WGCL Atlanta	2-Year-Old Die Of Rape, Mammy's Boonfren'charged - NNN Reporters Newsroom Forum Dekalb 2 Year-Öld; Caregiver charged police says the child was abused POSTED: 10: 41 pm EDT 2 October, 2010 UPDATE: 11: 51 pm EdT 3 October, 2011 Dekalb 2-YearsÖld, Caregivers charged – DeKalb County Headlines News Story - WGCL Atlanta	0
I 've seen interviews of them and they seem trashy .	I saw their interviews and they looked dirty.	0
Mass media , Academia plus the news and entertainment in which parents allow , actually allow their children to watch and be educated with is a massive problem .	The mass media, academies, and the news and entertainment that parents allow is actually a huge problem for their children to watch and receive education.	0
When most whites today have so much white guilt laid upon them that they feel they have to act black or have sexual relations and children with blacks just to be accepted there is a problem with the white race memo .	When most white people today have so much white guilt on them that they feel that it is necessary to act black or have sex and that children with black must be accepted, there is a	1
http://www.facebook.com/pages/ % D0 % A0 ... 19205191443389	HTTP://www.facebook.com/pages/% D0 % A0... 19205191443388	0
I am contemplating the philosophy of Asatru , and may want to `` home school '' my grey-haired self in it .	I was thinking about Asatru’s philosophy, and maybe I thought about “home school” in my grey-haired self.	0
Perhaps when I retire .	Maybe if I retire.	0
I could be wrong on that because I 've not actually seen the census form but only heard about it .	I might be wrong because I did not really see the census, but only heard of it.	0
I suppose the concept of a male cow and a female cow producing MORE cows , and the repeating process is too much for them to understand .	I think the concept that male cows and female cows produce MORE cows, and the repetitive process, is too much for them to understand.	1
And it works in our favor the other way too - pushing White people too far so as to cause them to rebel .	It also serves us in the opposite way – pushing the whites too far to get them to rebel.	0
from reading this i realized there was no date or there is a meeting or something going on outside the ucc in cork at 10 : 30 am on the 10th of march. was walkiing around cork with a few friends and they tried handing out leaflets ¬ _ ¬ friends and i were not to happy	Reading this, I realized that there was no date or there was a meeting or something that took place in Cork at 10:30 pm outside UCC. On 10 March, I was walking around Cork with a few friends and they tried to throw the leaves.	0
We need to deport all nonwhites immediately , that or stop letting more in and sterilize the ones here , that will fix the problem .	We must immediately expel all non-whites, or stop letting more come in and sterilize those who are here, which solves the problem.	1
I hope the filthy scumbags who did this get what they deserve .	I hope that the dirty skumbags who have done that will get what they deserve.	0
Mossberg 590a1 with bayonet 3 .	Mosberg 590a1 with three lines	0
Yep, forgot I had the thing wrapped in a jacket , went to grab the jacket and the thing came tumblin ' out !	Yes, I forgot that I had the thing covered in a jacket, I went to take the jacket and the thing fell!	0
Raise your kids on more than one language .	Grow up your children in more than one language.	0
White Americans and White Europeons have too few children .	The White Americans and the White Europeans have too few children.	0
Awesome band back in the day !	A great band comes back in a day!	0
It 's the mechanism of death that 's in question , along with the one-sidedness of remembrance , but people did die .	This is the mechanism of death, associated with the unilaterality of memory, but people have died.	0
Virtually all means ~ 100 % .	Virtually everything means - 100%.	0
A former accountant for retailer American Apparel Inc. has filed a wrongful termination suit against the company alleging that he was fired after refusing requests from Chief Executive jew Dov Charney to inflate figures on the company 's balance sheet .	A former retailer, an accountant for the American Clothing Company, filed an undue termination lawsuit against the company, claiming he was fired because he rejected a request from Jewish CEO, Dov Charney, to increase the company’s balance sheet figures.	0
Good illustrations , and no politically correct nonsense .	There is no politically correct stupidity.	0
It's just the stupid ones who are copying Miley Cyrus like the one who caught on fire .	Just those stupid people are copying Miley Cyrus, just like those who are caught in the fire.	0
On most maps there are a northern pack-ice border .	Most maps have a northern pack of ice boundary.	0
When is someone going to stand up for the laws on Executive Orders ?	When will anyone object to the administrative order law?	0
They fought for their country and what they believed in .	They fought for their country and for what they believed.	0
This thread makes me thankful that I will be homeschooling my children .	This trail makes me grateful that I’m going to home school my kids.	0
White kids dressing and acting black and all that * * * * , when I was in school we would beat the * * * * out of those kids .	White children dressed in black and all of these * * *, and when I was at school, we would defeat these children.	0
It 's a new broadcast from John Young .	This is a new show by John Young.	0
No matter that Bulgarians speak similar language as Slavic people , I still don`t find them as Slavic .	Regardless of the fact that the Bulgarians speak a language similar to that of the Slavs, I still do not find them as Slavs.	0
You're RIGHT .	You are correct.	0
It used to be the churches in your own community would take care of people facing hard times ...	In the past, it was the churches in your own community who took care of people who are in difficult times.	0
I bet you can see the Mexic-ants from space with the Google Earth. photo ants on picnic table CYF salt of the earth	I bet you can see Mexican ants from space using Google Earth.	1
Elimination of all things white .	Eliminating all white things.	0
The media wants to bury the story because they care more about homo killers not getting their sick fetish for young boys fufilled .	The media want to bury history because they’re more concerned that gay killers don’t have their sick fetish for young boys.	1
I had it restrung a couple years ago but have n't taken it out since .	I stopped it a few years ago, but since then I have not taken it out.	0
Hoping to meet some NS girls if any single ones even exist lol .	I hope to meet young girls, even if they are single.	0
No it is not a joke , we have a very high standard education system here in Ireland ..	No, it’s not a joke, we have a very high level education system in Ireland.	0
I found tons of new uploads .	I found a lot of new upload.	0
General1812 I think maybe they now starting to have cold feet ; as the race who have feed them will die out .	I think they may start to have cold feet, because the race that fed them is going to disappear.	1
Communism is no laughing matter and should n't be impersonated for intentional ' rebelliousness ' .	Communism is not a ridiculous thing and should not be presented as a deliberate “rebellion.”	0
Apparantly they still have some of the stadiums to finish and 350,000 tickets to sell ( they are normally gone within days of release ) .	Apparently, they still have a few stadiums to complete and 350,000 tickets to sell (they normally disappear in the release days).	0
http://www.venetofronteskinheads.org...mmer_2008.html	HTTP: www.venetofronteskinhead.org mmer_2008.html	0
I wonder if the what looks like Arabic used for his second account name has anything to do with his hate for women .	I wondered if the Arabic language used in his second account name was related to his hatred of women.	0
Education system is messed up for the same reason everything else is messed up - Jews , non-whites and liberal women run and ruin everything .	The educational system is in chaos for the same reason that everything else is ruined – Jewish, non-white, and free women are running and ruining everything	1
Silence .	quietly	0
To understand ancient Egyptians you should read up on modern Egyptians .	To understand the ancient Egyptians, you should read about the modern Egyptian.	0
I'm guessing that you are not from Ireland as then you would know how well organised AFA are .	I suppose you’re not from Ireland because then you’ll know how well the AFA is organized.	0
! 00 bucks of gear is more than enough for 72 hour .	00 bicycle equipment is enough for 72 hours.	0
I punched out a violent negro who charged me outside a bar .	I pulled out the violent black men who accused me outside the bar.	0
At all .	in all.	0
I would like to finish this tree for posterity , so what about these terms ?	I want to complete the continuity of this tree, so what about these conditions?	0
I guess these blind idiots overlooked the NFL and NBA , If they do n't like it why do n't they just leave , No one will miss them .	I think these blind idiots have ignored the NFL and NBA, and if they don’t like it, why aren’t they just leaving, nobody’s going to miss them.	0
It refers to people you find in Ireland with very black hair and very pale skin .	It refers to people you meet in Ireland with very dark hair and very pale skin.	0
I wish you luck , is it any wonder Jew males lust for our White women ?	I wish you good luck, do the Jews have any curiosity about our white women?	1
Please message me .	Please send me a message.	0
As kids they watch leftie music shows kids tv shows etc .	Like children, they watch the leftie music shows children's TV shows, etc.	0
I've never been to London but from what I 've heard it 's like spot the white man and every girl down there almost has a little niglet half breed .	I’ve never been to London, but from what I heard it’s like a white man and almost every girl has a small black half-race.	1
the entire system of classes are a marxist invention. the judeo-bolsheviks are using this to divide our society. in other words ' Divide et impera ' .	The whole class system is a Marxist invention; the Bolsheviks use it to divide our society.	1
The Western teen was naturally grossed out , and then they cut to different scene .	Western teenagers are naturally grossed and then cut into different scenes.	0
( Includes : one pair of baggy pants , one pistol , a set of golden grills , a looting guide titled ' But I dendu nuffin ' , and one race card )	(Includes: a pair of cotton pants, a gun, a set of gold grids, a luxury guide entitled 'But I dendu nuffin', and a race card)	3
FANTASTIC!!	It is wonderful!	0
He use to run it a few year ago I use to run around with him and some other lads from London	He used it to run a few years ago, I used to run with him and other guys from London.	0
It is your family and you are their blood just avoid argue with them and humor them .	It’s your family and you’re their blood, just avoid quarrelling with them and humour them.	0
M & p Vtac 45 5 .	The M&P Vtac 45 5.	0
I would like to get some of the leaflets printed and distribute them but sadly I have not got the funds .	I wanted to print some brochures and distribute them, but unfortunately I didn’t get the money.	0
It was Stormfront been shown on TV3 that made m join the site .	It was Stormfront showed on TV3, which m joined the site.	0
Hey, just looking for some fellow brothers or sister to meet with , im starving for information and Possible Klans to join. would like to be able to meet with people around my age but also older and helpful	Hey, just looking for some fellow brothers or sister to meet with, i hungry for information and Possible Klans to join.	0
First there 's rations : food you 'll need , water you 'll need , ways to get food along the way ( guns and ammo , fishing lines , traps , nets , etc ) , and ways to get water ( containers , purification tablets , filters , etc ) .	First, there are categories: the food you need, the water you will need, methods of getting food on the way (pistols and ammunition, fishing lines, traps, nets, etc.), and the method of getting water (containers, purifier plates, filters, etc.).	0
I wonder if he spends a lot of time trying to figure out how he got confined to the Open Forums .	I wonder if he spends a lot of time finding out how he has limited himself to the Open Forums.	0
God Bless you , Mr. Trump	God bless you, Mr Trump.	0
Im going to read a lot instead this summer .	I will be reading a lot this summer instead.	0
In the local student rag 's dating section , there was a letter sent in by a black guy complaining about white girls at this university shunning him and his other negro friends .	In the local student rugby dating section, a black man sent a letter complaining that a white woman at this college is avoiding him and his other black friends.	0
Ill shave my head when I finally get my 5 GCSE grades at C or above .	The disease finally cleans my head when I get my 5 GCSE rating to C or higher.	0
Teach him to be proud of his white heritage and let him know that acting like a wigger is demoralising him ...	Teach him to be proud of his white legacy and let him know that it demoralizes him to act like a wigger.	0
Never buy from stores that hire minorities over whites if at all possible .	Never buy in a store that employs minorities than white people if possible.	0
Tom, follow the links following this message if want to be prouductive ; otherwise we have to delete the messages of those who spread the message of non-community and defeat .	Tom, follow the link to this message, if you want to be proud; otherwise we have to delete the messages of those who spread non-community and failed messages.	0
Here it seems they are all hitchers or lizards , and maybe robbers .	Here, they all look like hitchers and riders, and maybe thieves.	0
Public schools have been left wing indoctrination centers for a century .	Public schools have remained at the heart of indoctrination for a century.	0
Virtually all of those rapes are committed by non-whites .	Almost all rape is carried out by non-whites.	0
http://scipio.uark.edu/cdm4/item _ vie ... ISOBOX = 1 & REC = 2	HTTP://scipio.uark.edu/cdm3/item _ vie... ISOBOX = 1 and REC = 2	0
I reported some time ago that negroes will even strip the bricks off your home while you are away at work .	I a while ago that black people would take bricks from your home when you were working.	1
There are White folks that require a little of our time .	There are white people who need a little bit of our time.	0
This was the first silent movie I saw , the first movie I saw starring Lillian Gish , who is now one of my favourite actresses .	This is my first silent film, the first film I’ve seen by actress Lillian Gish, now one of my favorite actresses.	0
The guy giving the beating could very possibly be a Hispanic , I would have to see a much clearer video before I 'd give him the honor of calling him White .	The guy who gives the hit could most likely be Hispanic, I should see a much clearer video before giving him the honor of calling him White.	0
This is from a black forum , they are not happy about this .	This is from the black forum, and they are not pleased with it.	0
MUCH NICER down here. e mail me sometime	It's very good here and I'll mail you someday.	0
we're out just gotta keep looking i live in east texas out here its just as hard for us to find single white men	We are out just have to keep looking live in the east of Texas here it is so hard for us to find single white men	0
Dreaming of a Future World ( Full Version ) - YouTube Dr William Pierce .	Dream of the Future World (full version) - YouTube by Dr. William Pears.	0
Dr William Pierce .	by Dr. William pierce.	0
It's not my responsibility to locate , isolate or else eliminate trolls at this site , nor do I wish to defend this person in any way .	It is not my responsibility to locate, isolate or otherwise eliminate trolls on this site, and I do not want to defend this person in any way.	0
I wonder how any times this same video was posted on this thread .	I wonder how this same video has always been posted on this thread.	0
I went in to chase bank to make a payment on my credit card all chase banks in my city have bullet proof glass in front of the teller .	I went to the bank to make payments with my credit card, and all the banks in my city have a ball proof glass.	0
You know my track record from the pms I have sent ya .	You know the track record I have sent from the PMS.	0
All the Whites I know watch negro sports and wear their sports gear .	All the white people I knew were watching black sports and wearing their sports equipment.	0
Why would any white European in his or her right white mind want to move to a country that imports hundreds of thousands of nonwhites every year ?	Why do white Europeans want to move to countries where hundreds of thousands of non-white people are imported each year?	0
Others were poignant accounts of the behavior of indisputably grief stricken animals .	Other were remarkable reports about the behavior of unbearably sad animals.	0
Though I can see it happening someday soon by the state of the rest of the UK .	Although I can see it will soon happen in other countries in Britain.	0
White people have been around for 40,000 years IJ is the exact same thing the split is I and J J is older than I and it was J first farmers from that it became J2 I2 is what Dinaric have there are different subclades to being Nordic to be a Nordic I2 it has to be a I1 variant nice try though .	White people have been there for 40,000 years, IJ is exactly the same thing division I and J J are older than me and it was J the first farmer because it became J2 I2 there is Dinaric there are other subclades that may be Nordic I2 it must have an I1 variant	0
hahahahahaha!	HAHAHAHAHA!	0
Piece of * * * * deserves to be shot .	The piece of * * * is worth being shot.	1
I guess it 's a good thing we did n't let any walk on the moon , heaven knows what would have happenned to it .	I think it’s good that we didn’t allow anyone to walk on the moon, but Heaven knows that it pleased us.	0
- YouTube Welfare Checks Late - YouTube	– YouTube Welfare Check Late – YouTube	0
Watching those videos makes me feel like im going to explode with hatred for those creatures .	Watching that video, I feel like I’m going to explode with hatred of that creature.	1
I 've always considered teaching as one of the professions I would like to get into , but not in a neighbourhood like that ... never. kids like that disgust me .	I’ve always seen teaching as one of the professions I’d like to enter, but not in a neighborhood like... never.	1
Quit whining about it and go find a beautiful white girl to have babies with .	Stop complaining about it and find a beautiful white girl with whom you can get babies.	0
Most school age youth cannot access the main K K K site from their schools , but they can access Stormfront .	Most school age teenagers are unable to access the K K K main site in school, but they can access Stormfront.	0
I hope such classes will be the future of all Russia	I hope that such classes will be the future of the whole of Russia.	3
The best darned pecan pie I have ever had !	This is the best food I’ve ever had!	0
- YouTube short version-bad rock canyon - YouTube	- YouTube short version - Bad Rock Canyon	0
``Lookhow my family is growing - two new fellas and a baby on the way !	“Look how my family grows, two new comrades and a baby on the way!	0
Did you know that chef Jamie Oliver , the Essex boy is part black ?	Do you know the chef Jamie Oliver is black?	0
Thus , shockingly , Canada may actually achieve a non-white majority before the U.S. does .	So, surprisingly, Canada can really reach a non-white majority before the United States does it.	0
178 black teachers in Apelanta conspired and changed black student 's test answers to help them pass state exams .	The 178 black teachers of Apelanta conspired and changed the test answers of black students to help them pass the national exam.	0
There is also an entire forum dedicated to this concept as well at the F & F Forum www.folkandfaith.com/invisionboard US & European Alternatives Regards - FNF !	There is also a whole forum dedicated to this concept, as well as the F&F forum www.folkandfaith.com/invisionboard US & European Alternatives Regards - FNF!	0
This is unforgivable .	That is unforgivable.	0
Blacks and mexicans were represented thoroughly. do yourselves a favor , shoot your t.v. !	The Black and Mexicans have been depicted in depth. make yourself a favor, throw your t.v.!	1
We are a civil rights movement for the 21st century , we are on the righteous path of freedom and no one will stop us from bringing true equality and diversity of thought to the educational field .	We are a civil rights movement for the 21st century, and we are on the right path of freedom, and no one can stop us from bringing true equality and diversity of thought into the field of education.	0
The Aryan Body , Mind and Soul - Prodigies and Geniuses Dr. William Shockley ( February 13 , 1910 - August 12 , 1989 ) Dr. William Shockley was an American physicist and inventor .	The Aryan Body, Mind and Soul – Prodigies and Geniuses Dr. William Shockley (born 13 February 1910 – 12 August 1989) was an American physicist and inventor.	0
If the Orthodox Churches had mobilized against the Reds they could have been smashed in their cradle .	If the Orthodox Church had been mobilized against the Red People, they might have been crushed in their nest.	0
Congrats and I hope you both have very happy and long lives together !	I hope you both have a long and happy life together!	0
I notice it does n't say if the kids were jews or not .	I noticed that it did not say whether these children were Jews.	0
i have no problem eating foreign food , what i have a problem is is handing over my money to foreigners. there is no reason you should hate any foods just beacuse some other race found out a nice way to prepare it .	I have no problem with eating foreign food, what I have a problem is giving my money to foreigners. there is no reason why you should hate any food, just blame some other race,	0
Groids are scared to death of a big aggressive dog .	Dogs are afraid of the death of an aggressive dog.	0
YouTube - Dmitri Hvorostovsky - Eugene Onegin - Onegin \ \ \ ' s Act I aria Renee Fleming and Dmitri Hvorostovsk - Lippen Schweigen ( Lehar , `` Die Lustige Witwe '' ) YouTube - Lippen Schweigen - Hvorostovsky & Fleming `` Offtop '' bonuses : Hvorostovsky - `` Troika '' YouTube - Hvorostovsky - Troika Dmitri Hvorostovsky - `` Temnaya Noch '' YouTube - Temnaya Noch Dmitri Hvorostovsky - `` Little Bell '' YouTube - Hvorostovsky - Little Bell Dmitri Hvorostovsky - `` Moscow Nights '' YouTube - Dmitri Hvorostovsky Moscow Nights	YouTube - Dmitri Hvorostovsky - Eugene Onegin - Onegin \'s Act I aria Renee Fleming and Dmitry Hvorostowsk - Lippen Schweigen ( Lehar, `` Die Lustige Witwe '' ) YouTube - Lipfen Schweigen - Hvorostovski & Flemin `` Offtop '' bonus: Hvorostovski - `` Troika '' YouTube - Hvorostofsky - Troika Dmitrij Hvorostkovsky -  Temnaya Noch '' YouTube `` Temnaïa Noch Dmitriy Hvorostwsky - '' Little Bell '' YouTube	0
Eeeeh , that was a great summer .	Yes, it was a wonderful summer.	0
I see instead large scale riots along ethnic lines ... quickly started , quickly suppressed and marital law instilled .	Instead, I see a massive conflict along the racial line... quickly begun, quickly repressed, and the law of marriage was abolished.	0
If you think that 's funny , you should have seen the black guy that used to run around my home town wearing a kkk emblem.But people like that are usualy not that bright .	If you think it’s fun, you should see that black man who once ran through my hometown wearing a KKK badge, but people like that are usually not as bright.	1
PALATKA , Fla.	The Palace and the Fla.	0
In memory of Deputy James McGrane who was shot and killed while conducting a traffic stop by known gang member and Mexican POS Michael Paul Astorga .	Known gang member and Mexican POS Michael Paul Astorga was shot dead while carrying out a traffic interruption	0
If you are a skinhead then by definition you must have your head shaved because if you do n't you 're not a skinhead .	If you’re a skinhead, you should cut your head by definition, because otherwise you’ll be a skinhead.	0
Thank You for Proving What I said	Thank you for testing what I said.	0
Check out this interview : http://findarticles.com/p/articles/m ... _ 7576181/pg _ 5/	Please see this interview: http://findarticles.com/p/articles/m... _ 6578181/pg _ 5/	0
Intellectual morons , or educated idiots , are good phrases to describe them .	Intellectual morons, or educated idiots, are good sentences to describe them.	1
The problem is in blacks ' heads , but hey , you have already known that .	The problem lies in the heads of the blacks, but hey, you already know that.	1
Millions ca n't .	million is not.	0
So happy you remind me this I have a little altar portraying a bronze buste of Beethoven on my bedside table along with one of Wagner ( he was Beethovenian fan too )	I’m glad you reminded me of this, that I had a small altar with Beethoven’s copper depicted on my bedside table, as well as Wagner (he was also a fan of Beethovens).	0
Peter, it is no suprise that you were the first to make a comment on this thread .	Peter, it’s not surprising that you’re the first to comment on this trade.	0
As it is , now they get free meals and watch TV all day with the tax payer footing the bill .	As it says, now they can eat for free, watch TV all day, and taxpayers are taking their bills.	0
Mary Gow .	by Mary GOW	0
There are about 20 minutes with the webmaster and the remaining 25 minutes are callers on the subject .	There are approximately 20 minutes with the webmaster and the other 25 minutes are callers on the topic.	0
I can go weeks in my town without seeing a non white unless an Indian is hitchhiking to town .	I could stay in my city for weeks without seeing a non-white man unless an Indian had visited the city.	0
Race is a dogma on the physical world , the will of the gods and the way of the buddha is the ultimate path .	Race is the dogma of the physical world, and the will of God and the way of Buddha is the ultimate path.	0
I was very inspired by Moran 's writing .	I am very interested in Moran’s writing.	0
its the same way in denver. i dont even think anybody speaks english out here anymore. i love this town but i think its time to go ..	I don't even think that no one speaks English here anymore. I like this city but I think it's time to leave..	0
11000 euro !?! * * * * ing scum ! i wonder if anyone would get anything if they set themselves up in a polish area and started begging. they would probably get a * * * * ing beating .	I wonder if anyone would get anything if they set up themselves up in a Polish area and began begging.	1
http://www.stltoday.com/stltoday/new ... A ? OpenDocument	HTTP://www.stltoday.com/stltday/new... A? OpenDocument	0
I am going to try and update my site soon , I did however add a chat room .	I will try to update my website soon, but added a chat room.	0
I will go to sleep now , as I have to wake up reasonably early this morrow .	I’m going to go to bed now, because I have to get up reasonably early this morning.	0
A Racist is someone who loves their Race .	A racist is a person who loves his race.	0
oh i get problems all the time ... a group of spics run into all the time and then talk crap ... next time they try it im not lying down	Oh, I get trouble all the time...a group of spikes runs in all of the time and then they talk fucking...the next time you try not to.	0
Welcome to Stormfront , Eldritch !	Welcome to The Stormfront, Eldritch!	0
we all want the females that are smart and look like top model but imporant is to ask ourselves : do we deserve ?	We all want smart women who look like top models, but it’s important to ask ourselves: Are we worth it?	0
Unreal .	Unrealistic	0
i'd love to hang out with anyone since there 's very few white nationalists here if any one wants to please PM because i really need some people to hang out with	I would like to go out with anyone because there are very few white nationalists here if someone wants to please the Prime Minister because I really need a few.	0
http://www.youtube.com/watch ? v = w-yIU ... elated & search =	HTTP://www.youtube.com/watch? v= v-yIU... high & search =	2
Microsoft , Amazon , Intel , Hewlett Packard all prefer Hindus and Chinese to Americans .	Microsoft, Amazon, Intel, and Hewlett Packard both prefer India and China than the Americans.	0
Saul Kassin : `` False confessions '' https : //www.youtube.com/watch ? v = JDRRwFfJKkw The Vera Institute of Justice 's Neil A. Weiner Research Department Speaker Series presents Saul Kassin , Distinguished Professor of Psychology at John Jay College of Criminal Justice .	Saul Kassin: ``Fake confessions '' https: //www.youtube.com/watch? v = JDRRwFfJKkw The series Speaker of the research department of the Vera Institute of Justice, Neil A. Weiner, presents Saül Kassin, distinctive professor of psychology at John Jay College of Criminal Justice.	0
I 'm going to go with my old man .	I'm going with my old man.	0
New York reported 419 murders in 2012 , down from 515 the year before .	In New York, 419 murders were in 2012, a decrease from 515 in the previous year.	0
And now this clip suggests they were suffering by having to live among heartless and barbarian Whites .	And now this video shows that they suffer because they have to live among heartless and barbaric whites.	1
That's either a White guy who 's been exposed to a nuclear fallout or a Black guy ( how many Blacks do you see at Tour de France ?	It was either a white man exposed to a nuclear disaster or a black man (how many blacks did you see on a French tour?).	0
The media will praise and encourage the non-white establishment while denoucing and degrading the White man 's establishments .	The media will praise and encourage the non-white establishment and at the same time demean and humiliate the institutions of the White Man.	0
I have just added Treblinka : By Carlo Mattogno , Extermination Camp or Transit Camp ?	Treblinka: An Extermination Camp or Transit Camp by Carlo Matogno?	0
You ca n't attend Regular Meetings , but you will attend youth meetings , and all major rallies such as Nordic Fest .	You will not attend regular meetings, but you will attend all major meetings such as youth meetings and Nordic Fest.	0
The Swedish Flag today was presented by a Nigerian Girl at the House of the President of Ireland , during the European Union Expansion Ceremony .	The Swedish flag was presented today by a Nigerian girl at the President's House in Ireland during the expansion ceremony.	0
This should be on every major news channel in America .	That should be on all major news channels in America.	0
Would be down in the new year to get together with other brothers and sisters .	In the new year, we will be together with our brothers and sisters.	0
Kapela OSP Radawie g.Z	Capra OSP by Radawie G. Z	0
When there , have many children .	When you are there, you have a lot of children.	0
And all nonsense .	And all the disappointment.	0
I have my card board decorations ready along with thumb tacks .	I have my cardboard decoration ready, plus my thumb.	0
I honestly believe that folks are S L O W L Y getting wise , and fed up with this `` sea hags '' crap .	I honestly believe that people are getting smarter and tired of such "sea" nonsense.	0
Imagine the uproar if the black girl said `` ten '' .	Imagine the excitement if a black girl says “10”.	0
She is off this week from school for thanksgiving and my other kids had school still for 2 days so she went with me to school.On way back was explaining to her my side and her mothers side of our heritage and explaining to her where the different countries were and told her we can get a map of Europe and she can color in the countries we are from .	She dropped out of school this week for Thanksgiving and my other children had school for two days so she went with me to school.On the way back, she explained to her our legacy of my side and her mother's side and explained where other countries were and told her that we could get a map of Europe.	0
Was an asset	It was a asset.	0
And most people will laugh and shake their head at you when you tell them that Jews are a very dangerous group of people .	And most people will laugh at you and shake their heads when they say that Jews are a very dangerous group.	1
Bye .	Farewell to	0
That sounds like a very weak thing to do .	It seems a very weak thing to do.	0
Q : If Johnny was at his own 10 yard line when he threw the ball and Jimmy was at his 30 yard line when he caught the ball , how many yards did Johnny throw the ball ?	Q: If it was a 10 yard line when Johnny threw the ball and a 30 yard line where Jimmy took the ball, how many yards would Johnny throw the ball?	0
I really hope she overdoses or something .	I really wish she was overweight or something.	0
I m just over on the other side of the country .	I was just on the opposite side of the country.	0
Thanks for the replies .	Thank you for the responses.	0
It should never be a crime to tell the truth or speak your mind .	Speaking the truth or telling your own mind should never be a crime.	0
I really like this idea .	I really liked this idea.	0
My aunt teaches at an all black inner city school in Kent , OH .	My grandmother teaches at a black city school in Kent, OH.	0
Watch out from Turkey they have a little score to settle with you guys .	Be careful with Turkey, they have a little score to get along with you.	0
There are always people there when I go in there .... but that 's not all to often ..... maybe I just always pick the right time .	There’s always people there when I’m there... but that’s not all too often... maybe I always choose the right time.	0
As usual the magic negro opens his mouth and lies pour forth .	As usual, the black magician opened his mouth and lied.	1
All of them plus tens of thousands of their relatives will get to stay here .	All of them, along with tens of thousands of relatives, will remain here.	3
Not only is this case typical of the feral sub humans but it 's a perfect example for our people of how totally out of control they are and that they cannot be allowed to remain among us .	Not only is this case typical to mankind, but it is the perfect example of our people, how completely they are out of control, they cannot be allowed to stay among us.	1
Outraged presenters and all .	Angry teachers and everyone.	0
Only if you can afford it , white good areas in croydon are semi house 350.000 + a 1 bed flat is 200.000 + .	Only if you can get it, the white good area of Croydon is half house 350,000 + 1 bed apartment is 200,000 +	0
AS in Business Admin , bachelors may have to wait because the college system in California is falling apart fast with tuition skyrocketing and admission shrinking .	As a business manager, undergraduate students may have to wait because California’s university system is rising in tuition and admission is falling.	0
My cousin lives there , he 's retired nypd .	My cousin lived there, and he was retired.	0
Sad thing is I could n't even find the real classics I was looking for on youtube which air far more with even worse messages .	Unfortunately, I couldn’t find the real classical that I was looking for on YouTube, which flows much more with even worse messages.	0
If i sent you some pic wound use be able to put them up cuz use dont have many also i have lots of links to give use	If I send you some pic wounds use I can put them on cuz use dont there is a lot I have a lot of links to use	0
I guess there 's going to be some miraculous event within the next 11 years that will make everyone mixed race .	In the next 11 years, I think there will be a miraculous event where everyone can create a mixed race.	0
Thanks both of you for that .	Thank you both for that.	0
Teachers care less and tend to chalk it up to rebellion .	Teachers were less concerned and tended to push it into rebellion.	0
O sister if you want to talk to a brother I 'm here pm me if you want. dont give up sister you well find what your looking for 88 stand tall and be proud to be a ARYAN WOMAN and sister 88 Goldenboy GODS RACE and NATIONS	My sister, if you want to talk to a brother, I am here asking me, you want, don't give up your sister you'll find you are looking for what 88 stands high, proud to be an ARYAN lady and sister 88 Goldenboy GODS RACE and NATIONS	0
Hello, I 'm Mike , I 've been reading these board for some time now and finally got around to registering .	Hi, I am Mike, I have read these boards for a while and finally decided to register.	0
``Weall bleed red '' As do dogs , apes , snakes and rats red blood means nothing but lets compare brain size and accomplishments by race .	Like dogs, monkeys, serpents and rats, red blood does not mean anything, but it allows you to compare the size of the brain and the achievements by race.	0
I cannot imagine how revolting it must be - the PC dialogue at your university -- idolizing athletes who dont belong in college -- white women getting pregnant with freaks	I can’t imagine how revolting this must be – the PC dialogue to your university – idolatry of athletes who aren’t part of the college – white women fall	0
There are 3 liquor stores in less than half a mile radius and one of them does n't stop selling beer until midnight .	There are three bars within a half-mile range, one of which does not stop selling beer until midnight.	0
I think VHS tapes are available at Amazon .	I think VHS tape is available on Amazon.	0
I remember going on them when I was a young boy .	I remember following them when I was young.	0
Same here .	This is the same as this.	0
I think it is a bit late to think to look after the safety and the future of white people in South africa .	I think it’s a little late to think about taking care of the security and the future of the White in South Africa.	1
the money he is giving away to refugees and the third world is money Canada does not even have !	The money he gives to the refugees and the third world is the money Canada has not even!	0
Sqwincher - Sports Drink - Isotonic Beverage Sqwincher mixes with water also , it is usually found at workwear or welding shops and is aimed at the construction market instead of athletes .	Sqwincher - Sports Drinks - Isotonic Drinks Sqvincher is mixed with water and is usually found in workwear and welding stores and is directed to the construction market instead of athletes.	0
how the hell are they going to integrate into Irish society ? They come from a dirt poor medieval country and have spent the last 3 years living in a refugee camp.what skills are they going to bring here ?	They come from a poor medieval country and have lived in a refugee camp for the last three years, what skills will they bring?	1
In all of Vancouver ?	Anywhere in Vancouver?	0
MEMPHIS, Tenn.	Memphis in Tennessee.	0
Get the hell out before you people become part of a great dirt !	Get out of hell before you become a part of a big dirt!	0
They speak of the soul of our Race .	They talk about the soul of our race.	0
Has anyone been back to this zoo lately ?	Have anyone returned to this zoo recently?	0
A B.A. is virtually useless .	A B.A is practically useless.	0
Looks like Dennys is on my s * it list now .	It looks like Denis is now on my s* it list.	0
read posts in activism local and regional by dutchy and ladyaryan , the thread name is white town in the making and white strongholds in your city. take care 14 words	Read posts in local and regional activism by dutchy and ladyaryan, the name of the thread is the white city in creation and the white fortresses in your city.	0
I just want to add that no matter what a person 's class or character I will always give a white person the benefit of `` coming right '' before I reject them as `` wiggers '' or `` white trash ''	I just want to add that regardless of the class or character of a person, I will always give a white man the advantage of “right coming” before I reject it as “wiggers” or “white waste.”	0
She was 27 years old and leaves behind a 5 year old daughter .	She was 27 and leaves behind a five-year-old daughter.	0
It is as good as anywhere in the world ..	It's as good as everywhere in the world.	0
This boy is not tatar-looking .	This boy doesn’t look like Tatar.	0
Maybe this should be a poll so we can democratically set his iq .	Per this should be a survey so that we can democratically define its IQ.	0
All Slavic people had same pre-Christian Gods , Svarog , Svetovid , Perun , etc. etc. but old Bulgarian pantheon is totally different .	All Slavic peoples had the same pre-Christian gods, Svarog, Svetovid, Perun, etc., but the old Bulgarian pantheons are completely different.	0
For instance , the U.S. lets in about 900,000 people legally every year , while Canada lets in about 225,000 .	For example, the United States legally allows about 900,000 people each year, while Canada allows about 225,000.	0
These negro sports are supported with White peoples money .	These black sports are supported with the money of the white peoples.	0
I'm not looking for a date , but I wanted to reply to get your thread to the top of the pile so that other people will look at your site .	I’m not looking for a date, but I wanted to answer to get your thread at the top of the stack so that others can see your site.	0
Somebody scratched her car and let the air out of the tires one day .	Someone scratched her car and one day let the air out of her tyres.	0
Now you know why I DON' T want to attract them to our movement .	Now you know why I don’t want them to be attracted to our movement.	0
Do you mean ......	Meaning is...	0
They probably stole a bunch of stuff .	They might have stolen a lot of things.	1
Friesl hg1 0.2273 0.2222 0.4000 0.4279 0.3214 0.2222 0.1908 0.1034 0.0909 0.0882 0.1515 0.0547 0.6323 0.5532 hg2 0.5909 0.5873 0.4286 0.4233 0.5179 0.5778 0.4913 0.5862 0.6136 0.8088 0.4848 0.6244 0.3000 0.3511 hg3 0.0423 0.0929 0.0558 0.0179 0.0333 0.1040 0.1034 0.0227 0.0441 0.0606 0.0249 0.0290 0.0745 Compare the Armenian regions ( Ararat , North , Syunik , K bakh ) [ blue ] with England and North German ( Friesl ) [ red ] and Mongols [ yellow ] The Armenians genes mark lg1 , that is , mainly , the modern R1b .	Friesl hg1 0.2273 0.2222 0.4000 0.4279 0.3214 0.222 0.1908 0.1034 0.0909 0.0882 0.1515 0.0547 0.6323 0.5532 hg2 0.5909 0.5873 0.4286 0.4233 0.5778 0.4913 0.5862 0.6136 0.8088 0.4848 0.6244 0.3000 0.3511 hg3 0.0423 0.0529 0.0558 0.0179 0.0333 0.1040 0.1033 0.0227 0.0441 0.0606 0.0249 0.0290 0.0745 compared to the Armenian region (Alarat, Northern, Sinic, Bahrain ) [Blue ] with the Northern England (Red ) and the Mongolian [Golden ] is mainly the modern Rb1.	0
Are ira fighting for WHITE Irish exclusively and a WHITE future for Ireland or is it all the same to them ?	Was Ira fighting specifically for the white Irish, fighting for Ireland’s white future, or was everything the same for them?	0
`` My message to UPA and Bandera scum from a Polish American small town politician from Pennsylvania ....	“My message to the UPA and Bandera comes from a Polish American politician from a small town in Pennsylvania.	0
But to start ... if this is all you 'll have , I 'd go with something that you 'll trust your life to in every regard in and around your home .	But to start... if that’s all you’ll have, I’m going with something that will make you trust your life in all ways in and around your home.	0
Couple Befriend Negroid , Negroid Tries To Burn Down Couples Home - NNN Reporters Newsroom Forum Moblie Couple Says Neighbor Tried to Set Their Apartment on Fire Reported by : Irika Sargent Last Update : 4/25 9 : 01 pm Moblie Couple Says Neighbor Tried to Set Their Apartment on Fire | Local15tv.com , Mobile & Pensacola News , Entertainment , Videos , Business Search and Shopping This is what happens when you make friends with spearchuckers .	Negroid Friend Couple, Negroid tries to burn couples at home - NNN Reporters Newsroom Forum Moblie Couple says the neighbor tried to put his apartment on fire Reported by: Irika Sargent Last update : 4/25 9 : 01 pm The Moblie couple says that the neighbour tried to set his floor on fire Local15tv.com, Mobile News and Pensacola, Entertainment, Videos, Business Search and Shopping This is what happens when you make friends with spechuckers	1
Nothing so beautiful in the whole world in fact .	Nothing is so beautiful in the entire world.	0
True and good point .	Good and true point.	0
I 'll go look at your stuff , thanks !	I’m going to go to see your stuff, thank you!	0
I'm not allowed to use any negro inventions ?	I have no right to use black inventions.	3
http://www.wnd.com/index.php ? fa = PAGE.view & pageId = 100806	HTTP://www.wnd.com/index.php? f = PAGE.view & pageId = 100807	0
I remember hearing a talk from Irving on that massacre .	I remember listening to Irving’s words about that massacre.	0
YouTube - Broadcast Yourself .	YouTube – Broadcast your own.	2
This is a video with pictures of old postcards of Gliwice ( Gleiwitz ) Upper Silesia , at the beginning of the video , and present day pictures of Gliwice ( Gleiwitz ) at the end of the video .	This is a video with a photo of the old postcard of Gliwitz at the beginning of the video and a current photo of GliWitz at its end.	0
I bet quiet a few white 's or black 's in Zimbawee , think `` Ape '' or `` Gorilla '' .	I calmly bet some white or black on Zimbawee, think of “Ape” or “Gorilla”.	0
Its a very old symbol and the Nazi 's chose it because it had been around for a long time and that represented strong Aryan roots .	It is a very ancient symbol and the Nazis chose it because it existed for a long time and represented a powerful Arian root.	0
Peter the Great .	Peter of the Great.	0
I have just dispatched a PM to a nember of staff politely suggesting that this forum would be more properly renamed Brentworld , Potato land , the Orange playpen , trollsville , Paisleyland , Londonstormfront , `` Ulster Scot '' Pixie-land , Smilie City ..	I just sent a PM to a member of the staff, and the forum would devoutly suggest that it would change the names of Brentworld, Potato land, the Orange playpen, trollsville, Paisleyland, Londonstormfront, 'Ulster Scot' Pixie-land, and Smilie City more appropriately.	0
I especially like the news stories told un-PC .	I especially liked the Un-PC news story.	0
Coming out of the worst drought the country ever seen we must all thank God for the rain He send .	As we escape from the worst drought this country has ever seen, we all need to thank God for the rain he sent.	0
Quenten Demps , 44 , was arrested Saturday on a first-degree murder charge in the killing of Elizabeth Clemente , 37 .	Quenten Demps, 44, was arrested on Saturday for the murder of 37-year-old Elizabeth Clement.	0
Welcome back , I hope you make s/f a habit .	Welcome back, hopefully you can create a S/F habit.	0
This Is The Most Disturbing Muslim ' Refugee ' Video You Will Ever See - BuzzPo	This is the most confusing Muslim 'immigrants' video you've ever seen - BuzzPo	3
This is an awesome post !	This is a fantastic post!	0
Situation in Switzerland is terrible , blacks and muslims are everywhere ! We were a great Country with a great People but all these monkeys are transforming Switzerland in a zoo where law is not respected .	The situation in Switzerland is awful, black people and Muslims are everywhere!We were a great country, great people, but all these monkeys are turning Switzerlands into a zoo that does not respect the law.	1
Aragorn	by Aragoron	0
The reason large white families were encouraged those days was to build up the population of white Germans , which were ravaged by the jewish attacks at them during WW1 and in hyperinflation 1920 's .	The reason why the big white families encouraged themselves at those days was to build the population of the white Germans, who were destroyed by the Jewish attacks against them during the First World War and in the hyperinflation of the years.	0
I fell asleep on the couch with a blue tongue skink on my chest one night and awoke to him biting my neck , I guess my Adam 's apple set off a feeding response .	I fell asleep on the couch one night with the skin of my blue tongue on my chest, and waking up as he bit my neck, I think my Adam’s apple caused the eating reaction.	0
Off the grid is double speak for not being inserted into the political indoctrination assembly lines that are today 's schools .	Outside the grid, it is double-talking that it is not inserted into the gathering line of political indoctrination, which is today’s school.	0
There are many alternatives to adopting little mud babies.There is srrogate mothers and invitro fertilization are just two.If these are not financialy possile then wait till it is .	There are many options to adopt a small wet baby.Mother and invitro abortion are just two things.If this is not financially possible, wait until it becomes.	1
Oh and Pankration was a martial sport not a martial art	Oh and Pankration was not a tactic but a fighting sport.	0
Those who do n't believe are free to walk away and those who do believe are not forced against God 's will .	Those who do not believe are free to leave, and those who believe are not forced against the will of God.	0
But maybe she was just mistaken .	But maybe she just was wrong.	0
I read an article on that awhile ago and it said that when Eisenhower went to Moscow he did n't even ask for american POWs to be released .	I read an article before that, which says that when Eisenhower went to Moscow, he didn’t even ask for the release of the U.S. military.	0
His the little John of Ireland.Part of the system as the rest.When it comes down to it these types are more our enemy then the rest .	Be the little John of Ireland.A part of the system like the rest.When it comes to it, these guys are more our enemy than the rest of us.	0
I have no problem with Black Pride .	I don't have a problem with black pride.	0
Wolf 278	The wolf 281	0
Det er forresten en ting til Órkneyjar vil si deg , `` Tack så mycket . ''	In the case of those who are in the center of the city, it is said, “Thank so much.”	2
Dessert * * * * * * !!	Dishes and dessert!	0
This Islamisation is going on all over Europe. but we can object .	This Islamization is taking place throughout Europe, but we can oppose it.	0
Maybe if you opened your eyes you 'd see that I did .	Maybe if you open your eyes, you’ll see what I’ve done.	0
welcome to mass. its been awhile since i have ben on but i am from milton , just south of boston. if looking for a friend send me a message .	I’m from Milton in southern Boston, but if I am from the southern part of Boston, if you’re looking for friends, send me a message.	0
I have realized while on stormfront , that my idea of what white looks like is flawed .	I realized during the stormfront that my idea of how it looks is wrong.	0
You should check it out .	You need to check out it.	0
I was up late watching tv and there it was on CNN , Click on the link Video - Breaking News Videos from CNN.com	I was late to watch television and there I was on CNN, Click on the link Video - Breaking News Videos from CNN.com	0
I think Casablanca and Gone With The Wind are horrible movies and that The Sound Of Music is one of the most annoying things ever put to film .	I think Casablanca and Gone With The Wind are a terrible movie, and I think The Sound Of Music is one of the most annoying things thrown into the movie.	0
Were Whites to leave in large numbers leaving few Whites behind in South Africa the country would start going down hill and then maybe more Whites would begin to see what losers Negros are and how they cannot even maintain what is given to them .	If a large group of whites remained in South Africa, leaving a few whites behind, the country would begin to descend, and then more whites would start to see what the failed blacks are, and they couldn’t even sustain what they gave them	1
Sources for Homeschooling Curriculum One of the biggest challenges for the homeschooling parent is finding good sources for educational materials and finding curriculum that is new , fresh and inexpensive .	One of the biggest challenges for parents in homeschooling is to find good sources of educational material and to find a program that is new, fresh and inexpensive.	0
I cant understand why people in Britain loves so much to breed with non whites , it keeps me shocking when i go there .	I don’t understand why the British love to breed with non-whites, and I was shocked when I went there.	0
I do not let my children watch tv at all .	I don't let my kids watch television at all.	0
Having worked around blacks at my previous job every stereotype you hear are all true .	After working around the black at your previous job, all of the stereotypes you hear are true.	1
Well then , that makes the fact these scum are sending millions of their kin to my country , taking jobs from the White inhabitants , killing our people and mongrelizing our race all alright then .	So, this makes the fact that these stupid people are sending millions of vacancies into my country, getting jobs from the white people, killing our peoples, and destroying our race.	1
i used to go out with younger women but i just dont understand them any more. i would prefer low 30s were they have gotten some of the wildness out of them .	I’ve used to going with younger women, but I don’t understand them anymore. I’d rather lower 30s if they get some of the wildness from them.	0
YouTube - Mike Castle on PeeBo 's Birthcertificate .	YouTube – Mike Castle on PeeBo’s Birth Certificate.	0
Is there anything like this on the market today ?	Is there something like this in the market today?	0
Holocaust Survivor Tells Her Story - YouTube It 's from this channel https : //www.youtube.com/channel/UCML ... wgbpH7gn _ vebtw	The survivor of the Holocaust tells his story - YouTube It is from this channel https: //www.youtube.com/channel/UCML... wgbpH7g _ vebtw.	0
I speak two .	I am talking two.	0
I 'm moving to a bigger house pretty soon , and that map is perfect for doing a groidal analysis .	I will soon move into a larger house, and this map is perfect for a groid analysis.	1
Most importantly draw that mental line in your head and once crossed unleash hell .	The most important thing is to draw that mental line on your head and once you cross it you release hell.	0
It is for 6th through 8th Grade .	from 6th to 8th year.	0
I feel its over .....	I felt it...	0
I myself have extremely pale skin , brown hair and brown eyes but half of my family is blond hair green or blue eyes .	I myself have an extremely pale skin, brown hair and brown eyes, but half of my family are white hair and blue eyes.	0
WhiteUtopian	The White Option.	0
I enjoy outdoor sports , although I never went fishing before .	I love outdoor sports, but I have never fished before.	0
Somebody please give this kid a quick lesson in history , geography & irony before I throw my iPad against the nearest wall	Someone please give this child a quick lesson of history, geography and irony before throwing my iPad against the wall	0
You tried to help .	You try to help.	0
http://www.krepublishers.com/02-Jour ... sey-K-Text.PDF `` Molecular genetic methods supported our observations , that there is a relatively small difference between the Hungarian and Indian groups , the Central - Europeans differ more '' .	http://www.krepublishers.com/02-Jour... sey-K-Text.PDF "The molecular genetic approach supports our observations, and there are relatively small differences between Hungarian and Indian groups, with more differences among Central Europeans."	0
This is a good one .	This is one good one.	0
Every cultured society and all things therein were created by whites .	All cultural societies and everything in them were created by white people.	1
Ive never liked rap , or to be closely associated with blacks in any way .	Ive never liked rap, or in any way being closely associated with blacks.	0
It was never yours to begin with .	It has never been yours to start with.	0
That was over 30 years ago .	That was more than 30 years ago.	0
Leaves eyes/Liv Kristine / Theater of Tragedy She is Norwegian and her husband I think is German .	Leave the eyes / life Christina / Theatre She is a Norwegian and I think her husband is a German.	0
Michael Paul Astorga Astorga is set to go on trial around the beginning of the year and the DA is seeking the death penalty .	Michael Paul Astorga will be tried earlier this year, and the DA is seeking the death penalty.	0
I feel as though this border should be much , much further south .	I think this border should be much, much more south.	0
Anyone ever put one on an MP5 ?	Has anyone put one in a MP5?	0
Your all-white nation is a fraud .	Your all white nation is fraud.	0
I said `` Well yes , just like every other intelligent and honest person on Earth . ''	I said, “Yes, just like any other smart and honest person on earth.”	0
BaoFeng 左眼技术 采用左眼专利技术 利用cpu和gpu有效提升画质 在线高清 shd专利技术 , 1m带宽 流畅播放720p高清视频 3d技术	BaoFeng 左眼技术 采用左眼 patent technology 利用cpu和gpu effective提高画質 在线高清 shd patent technology, 1m wide band 流畅播放720p high清 video 3d technology	2
It's going to be a great read whenever all the chapters are translated !	Every time all chapters are translated, it will be a good reading!	0
Ha Ha Ha Ha in England it would go as follows : Water Pistol Water Pistol Water Pistol Water Pistol Water Pistol	In England it will go as follows: water gun water rifle water gun	0
i have seen the autopsy report on emily they did not look for rape becouse they knew what they would find , they went just for the murder charge not rape and murder becouse they knew it would be to much for the public to take .	I saw the autopsy report about Emily that they were not looking for rape because they knew what they were going to find, they were just going for the murder charge, not for bullying and murder because they were aware that it was too much for them.	0
Interesting, I will pass this information on to my professor who always talks about the poor poor Africans , walking miles to drink dirty water	Interestingly, I would pass this message on to my professor, who always talks about poor Africans and walks a few miles to drink dirty water.	0
This link covers Citrus County and you are right , some very cheap lots and , the county , looks to be our kind of placehttp://www.homosassausa.com/	This link covers the City Hall of Fame, you are right, some very cheap goods and, the County, appears to be our type of place http://www.homosassausa.com/	0
Is that a hate crime what I just said ?	Is it a crime of hate what I just said?	0
They seem to be a fake window trying to get you to go to a hook up site .	They seem to be a false window that tries to get you to a host site.	0
No problems .	no problem.	0
Would n't change it for anything !	It would not change for anything!	0
I was always under the impression that the whole sitting down together and being friendly story was a bunch of BS .	I always felt sitting together and friendly stories were a bunch of BS.	0
My skin color , well its white .	The color of my skin is white.	0
The government and elites will not do anything about it .	The government and the elites will do nothing about this.	0
I've been following the events in Ukraine and have noticed some troops using the SKS .	I watched what was happening in Ukraine and found some soldiers using the SKS.	0
The oxymoronicness is strong with this thread title .	Oxymoronism is strong in this title.	0
well, the liberals would go ape crazy .	Nevertheless, liberals are crazy.	1
Non-whites like crowded conditions not wide open spaces .	Non-white people like busy conditions, not widespread open space.	0
Of course , they are more virile than us , so that would n't happen would it ?!!!	Of course, they’re more masculine than us, so that’t be the case if that happened!!!	1
This is what Pierre Trudeau gave Canadians once .	This was something that Pierre Trudeau once gave to the Canadians.	0
but please prepare yourself for anything like a nuclear blast or a huge earth quake or hurricane .... shtf in many ways	But be prepared for anything like a nuclear explosion or a massive earthquake or hurricane.	0
17L x 6W x 10.5H.	17L x 7W x 10.5H	0
Искористи неки сајт за хостовање слика .	Use a website to host images.	2
i found another example of a so called `` russian '' turk who hates armenians and georgians .	I found another example of so-called "Russian" Turks who hate Armenians and Georgians.	0
I said drugs mess up babies that grow up and ruin society for everyone else .	I said drugs would disrupt those babies who grow up and destroy society for others.	0
Taurus Judge buckshot ammo test : Federal 410 Handgun 000 vs 4 buck in ballistic gel - YouTube 4.25 `` barrel : Pretty devestating .	Taurus Judge ammunition test: Federal 410 Handgun 000 vs 4 buck in ballistic gel - YouTube 4.25 barrel: Pretty devestating.	0
My friend Mar with nice blue-eyed cat .	My friend Mary with a beautiful blue eye cat.	0
Jews !	The Jews!	0
Heard about this a while back .	I heard about it some time ago.	0
Wieghtlifting and martial arts , I used to fish a hell of a lot when I was younger with my grandfather aswell as going shooting - need to get back to it ...	Wieghtlifting and tactics, I not only had a lot of fishing when I was young with my grandfather, but also shooting - I have to go back to it...	0
She may or may not be a Jew but she 's certainly stupid , she seems to think the Blacks wo n't kill her alongside every other White they can get their dirty hands on , what a muppet !	She may or may not be a Jew, but she’s stupid, and she seems to think that black people don’t kill her along with all the other whites they can catch with their dirty hands.	1
hello my name is shane i live in eka i like to surf talk be around kids enjoy people the arts have fun camp fish love my mom have a few close friends but a big support system i go to cr its good i like it also if you need more write me back	Hello my name is shane I am on eka I like to surf conversation around the kids enjoy people love the art is fun camp fish my mom has a few close friends but big support system I like it good I love it also you have more	0
I hope all make you feel welcome Glad you finally decided to join .. and you are young enough to post stuff here	I hope all make you feel welcome. - I'm glad you finally decided to participate.	0
I think this member meant this for stress relief .	I believe this member meant this to stress relief.	0
It is a wonder that no scientist has thought it an amazing resemblance and wanted to do more tests .	Curiously, no scientist thought this was a surprising similarity and wanted to do more tests.	0
I'm glad you 're gay !	I am glad you are gay!	0
WTF is wrong with the Irish ??	Is WTF wrong with Irish?	3
http://www.passportmagazine.com/33/Sitges.php Too bad , because it 's a beautiful landscape and beaches ...	HTTP://www.passportmagazine.com/36/Sitges.php is too bad because it is a beautiful landscape and beach.	0
If it continues England will become a cesspool of sh * * pardon my English	If England continues, it will be the cesspool of sh * pardon my English.	1
He has won many awards and has been featured in Tatto magazine .	He has won numerous awards and appeared in Tatto magazine.	0
Karina Sørensen is a member of the party outreach group .	Karina Sørensen is part of the party outreach group.	0
Still in pretty good shape for a grandpa .	It is still pretty good for my grandfather.	0
A Glorious Future for us Europids , is now ushered : Kritayuga : The Golden Dawn .	A glorious future for us Europids: Kritayuga: The Golden Dawn	0
You should look into it .	You should take a look at it.	0
I 've seen guys lose to girls and have their high school lives ruined to the point of having to switch schools because of the teasing and tormenting after losing to a girl .	I saw the boys lose to the girls, their high school lives were destroyed, and they had to switch to school for suffering and torture after they lost the girls.	0
In Eternal Combat with that Satanic Spirit - The physical incarnation , creation of the Demiurge : The Jews .	In the eternal struggle with the Satanic Spirit – the physical incarnation, the creation of the Demiurgen: the Jews.	1
We gottem-aplenty in DC ..	We getem-aplenty at DC.	0
During the 19th century , attributing human feelings to animals was generally considered to be more sentimentality than science .	In the nineteenth century, the attribution of human feelings to animals was generally considered more sentimental than science.	0
Plus they dress like ladies and not strippers so you are forced to look at their faces and their fake tits and miniskirt .	Plus they’re dressed like a girl and not a stripper so you’re forced to see their faces and their false breasts and mini-shorts.	0
I cant believe i actually wasted several minutes of my life reading that page .	I can't believe I really wasted a few minutes of my life reading this page.	0
Stay away from all fast food garbage .	Stay away from any fast food wastes.	0
SPORTS A group of MIT grads are launching a high-tech product designed to turn any bicycle into an electric-hybrid vehicle .	A group of MIT graduates is launching a high-tech product that will turn every bike into an electric hybrid vehicle.	0
The kikes probably put the Leftist up to it , to make it seem like they do n't have total control of everyone .	They might put the left there, making it look like they have no full control over everyone.	1
Forgot to add that in my earlier comment .	I forgot to add it in my previous comment.	0
Latest reported attack on students by the local Negroes was on a couple out getting a pizza in the late evening hours , 4 Blacks jumped them on their walk home .	The recent attack on students by local black men was a couple who bought a pizza late in the night, with four black men jumping them into the house on a walk.	1
http://www.nogw.com/download/ _ 07 _ il _ kidnap _ aussie.pdf	HTTP://www.nogw.com/downloads/ _ 06 _ the _ abduction _ aussie.pdf	0
I will take your word for it and thank you , this is even better news to understand his political views and what kind of people he will accept as supporters .	I will take your word and thank you, it is even better to understand his political views and the people he will accept as supporters.	0
Or the same race that thought the 1st Klan were actual ghosts .	Or the same race believes that the 1st clan is a real ghost.	0
Five years ago there were zero `` apathetic refugee children '' in Sweden .	Five years ago, there was zero “apathetic refugee children” in Sweden.	3
Quit and find another job .	Get out and find a new job.	0
Anti-racism is a CODE WORD for anti-white max	Anti-racism is the code word for Anti-White Max.	0
I think only on the island of Rügen their local gods were actually major gods ( Porewit , Rugiewit , Porenut , Karewit , etc. ) , and there was also Kresnik here in Slovenia .	I think only on the island of Rügen their local gods are actually the main gods (Porewit, Rugiewit, Porenut, Karewit, etc.) and there was also Kresnik in Slovenia.	0
EPISODE 71 : Halloween Costumes You Already Own | Watch the video - Yahoo !	Episode 71 - Halloween Costume You already own Watch Video - Yahoo!	0
I 've tried everything talking to my parents about it but I guess it 's their choice to get a divorce if they are n't happy together .	I’ve tried everything to talk to my parents about this, but I think it’s their choice to divorce if they’re not happy together.	0
Sometimes I just HAVE to feed the trolls and they serve no positive purpose here .	Sometimes I just have to feed trolls and they don’t have a positive purpose here.	0
I agree .	We agree.	0
Since your genetic makeup determines your physical appearance , as long as those photos are of authentic native born people living in Non European areas , there probably are some Non European peoples whose genetic makeup as well as physical appearance differs not in the slightest from that of Europeans , then they must be considered white , so there probably are non European whites .	Since your genetic makeup determines your physical appearance, as long as these photos are genuine non-European natives living in the region, then it’s likely that there are some Non-Europeans whose genetic Makeup and body appearances are different from those of Europeans, then they have to be considered white, so there’s a	0
Meh..	and Meh...	0
Let me be the first to say WELCOME to SF .	I was the first to welcome me to SF.	0
I going to get homeschooled tired of looney lefty teachers and the negroes	I want to study at home, tired of lazy left-wing teachers and blacks.	1
Wake up White People !	Waking up the white people!	0
A few Mestizos but the main heroes were white .	A few Mestizos, but the main heroes are white.	0
What happened is they left .	What happened was that they left.	0
SKIN COLOR = / = RACE I hope I dont have to come up with pictures of blonde jews .	Color of skin =/ = RACE I hope I don't have to take pictures of Jewish blondes.	0
2 ) Lethargic [ syn. inactive ]	2) Lethargic (syn. inactive )	0
WELLSBURG, W.Va.	in the city of W.Va	0
You may as well think of it as the blood of an animal .	You can also think of it as the blood of a animal.	0
Is n't the EU wonderful ?	Is the European Union not wonderful?	0
I 'm pretty sure that tens of billions are sent abroad every year even though 50 + % stays in Sweden .	I am sure that billions of people are sent abroad every year, even though more than 50% of them remain in Sweden.	0
I guess the term `` blond '' is somewhat subjective , but to a Swede the vast majority of Spaniards are brunettes .	I guess the word "blonde" is a bit subjective, but for a Swedish, the vast majority of the Spanish are brown.	0
I usually use Powerade or Sqwincher .	I use Powerade and Sqwincher.	0
Memphis Teen Charged with Rape | My Fox Memphis | Fox 13 News	Memphis teenager accused of raping my fox Murphy Fox 13 news	0
I 'm glad that you 're planning on getting out there to do it .	I am glad you are planning to get out there.	0
He dissappeared somewhere and I thought nothing of it .	He disappeared somewhere, I didn’t think of anything.	0
I want to thank you for responding to my thread .	Thank you for answering my thread.	0
Its good to know that living in San Fran does n't mean you have to give up your 2nd amendment right anymore .	Knowing that living in San Fran does not mean that you have to give up your second amendment.	0
Your right .	to your right.	0
So it 's not enough Professor Ratajczak 's life was destroyed when he was fired , some filthy desert rat from Israel still had to go kill him ?	So, it is not enough that Professor Ratajczak's life was destroyed when he was shot, a desert rat of Israel has still had to do so.	1
They do n't even claim their white parent .	They are not even claiming their white parents.	0
Don't want to ruin the spirit of the mood , but are n't Russians for the most part Orthodox Christian , and they have a different day for Christmas ?	I don’t want to ruin the spirit of the mood, but most Russians are not Orthodox Christians and there are other days at Christmas?	0
Sad it happens more and more they want to take ours but what do they think i want to date one of those negro women	Unfortunately it happened more and more, they wanted to take us, but they thought I wanted to date one of those black women.	1
I recently bought a book from here and it was very fast shipping and great quality .	I recently bought the book from here and it was very fast delivery and excellent quality.	0
This will always - always be a classic : AS USUAL - FULL SCREEN : Poor Pimp KO - YouTube `` target = '' _ blank " > Poor Pimp KO - YouTube http://www.youtube.com/ watch ? v = sam6vfq7XS8	This is always - always classic: as usual - full screen: poor Pimp KO - YouTube `` target = '' _ blank " > poor pimpKO - YouTube http://www.youtube.com/ watch? v = sam6vfq7XS8	0
If it 's really this easy for an admittedly skilled hypnotist to do this to people , what could CIA/KGB/MI6/etc do with full , unrestrained control over someone ?	If it really is so simple that a permitted qualified hypnotist can do that, what could the CIA/KGB/MI6/etc do with full, unlimited control over someone?	0
This information was denied by the protesters in the Administration building .	This information has been denied by protesters in the Administration building.	0
TRUTH NO LIE .	The truth is not lying.	0
Having recently traveled to London I was disgusted by how non-white the city had become .	When I recently went to London, I was disgusted with how white this city has become.	1
Damn affirmative action they got the white house , now our beer halls , their is only one safe place left ... God 's save Iceland .	Damn affirmative action that they had the White House, now our beer rooms, their is just a safe place to stay... God save Iceland.	1
I just need to turn on a tv and I see it advertised everywhere , mostly African apes with attractive white woman .	I just need to watch a TV and I see advertising everywhere, mainly African monkeys with an attractive white woman.	1
Thanks for saving the picture but the one I saw was a black guy looking at a laptop and a White girl sitting next to him , laughing and hanging on him also looking at the laptop but they did n't show what was on the laptop .	Thank you for saving the picture, but what I saw was a black man looking at a laptop, and a white girl sitting next to him, smiling and hanging on him, but also looking at the laptop, but she	0
Rosanna Davison I think is her name .	I think Rosanna Davison is her name.	0
We have a couple of events coming up that are pretty close together so I 'll post them both here now . June 24th event July 1st event	We have a few events quite close, so we will post both here right now. June 24 Event July 1 Event	0
It 's all BS anyway .	Anyway, everything is BS.	0
Thanks for posting .	Thank you for posting.	0
http://www.righttomarch.com/	You can visit: www.righttomark.com	0
Yes, the Americanos even prevailed on the armyless Costa Ricans to round up their European nationals , even European-descended Costa Rican citizens , for a nice Costa Rican concentration camp in San Jose !	Yes, the Americans even prevailed over the Costa Ricans without an army to gather their European citizens, or even Costa Rican citizens of European origin, for a beautiful Costa Rica concentration camp in San Francisco.	0
Ex - ( A Taurus would n't have a chance , lol ! )	A Taurus would not have luck, lol!	0
Watching tv or film with subtiitles is also good .	It is also good to watch television or movie titles.	0
Police confirmed Monday that forensic evidence links Matthew , a University of Virginia Hospital worker , to the disappearance and slaying of 20-year-old Morgan Harrington in October 2009 .	Police confirmed on Monday that the forensic evidence links Matthew, a Virginia University Hospital worker, with the disappearance and collapse of Morgan Harrington, 20 years old, in October 2009.	0
The lesbian student will probably find a jew lawyer and sue for violating her civil rights.That 's a common jew tactic .	A lesbian student will likely find a Jewish lawyer and complain that she has violated her private rights.	1
:stupid The liberals and communists of all shades can relax and take it easy .	The liberal and communists of all shadows can relax and take it easily.	0
I can tell you about my city which lies in Europe .	I will tell you about my city in Europe.	0
As long as they are pro-White and follow board guidelines , I can put up with their `` spin '' ... as long as they 'll put up with mine .	As long as they are white supporters and follow the guidelines of the board, I can endure their “spinning”... as long as it enables me to endure.	0
Peter the Great .	Peter of the Great.	0
I just meant in the US generally , whether it turns out he 's a friend or not my first instinct is always to help one of my own if they 're being attacked .	I just mean in America, whether he’s a friend or not, my first instinct is always to help myself if they’re attacked.	0
I'm new to this so here it goes Looking for WP Girl in Ft.Worth Texas 18-35 That likes the Outdoors and partying E-Mail Address in profile	I'm new, so here it goes to find WP girls in Ft.Worth Texas 18-35 like outdoors and share email addresses in personal profile	0
Also work my core and upper body .	I also work on my upper body and core.	0
i would move to surrey just outside Kingston upon Thames ok Kingston is infested but outer areas are not too bad inner London is just a joke	I’m going to move to surrey just outside Kingston on Thames ok Kingston is infected but the outer areas are not too bad inside London is right	1
The bodies of Melinda Nicole Brown Allen , 31 , and her 8-year-old son , Ethan James Michael Brown , were found Wednesday night .	Melinda Nicole Brown Allen, 31 years old, and her eight-year-old son, Ethan James Michael Brown.	0
Bump.	The Drum.	0
Hell, i tend to not give a tinker 's darn if my friends ' ocasionally ' smoke weed .	Hell, I tend not to give a tann of tinker if my friend is “sometimes” smoking weeds.	0
Aside from the fact that the mayor never offered any evidence to back his claims , your claims have no relation to what was actually said in the article .	In addition to the fact that the mayor has never provided evidence to confirm his claims, your claims have nothing to do with what is actually stated in the article.	0
It 's amazing how well dogs and cats get along when they are raised together .	It is surprising how good dogs and cats are when they grow together.	0
Maybe he was that suicide bomber in Iraq who blew himself into a million pieces yesterday with 100 pounds of dynamite .	Probably he was the Iraqi suicide bomber who bombed a million pieces with 100 pounds of dynamite yesterday.	0
What are you using this school year ?	What will you use this school year?	0
14/88	13 / 88	0
I like this video : Die Antwoord - `` Fatty Boom Boom '' ( Official Video ) - YouTube Girl dresses in blackface , shows Africa is savage , and makes fun of Lady Gaga .	I like this video: Die Antwoord - ``Fatty Boom Boom '' (Official Video) - YouTube Girl Wears Black Face, Shows Africa is Barbaric, and Lady Gaga	0
Egyet se ismerek .	The Egypt is familiar.	2
BR , Tapio 2508	by TAPIO 2507	0
More ethnic crime .	Even more ethnic crimes.	0
Islam is not compatible with our way of life in this green and pleasant isle.Irish people are white and Christian FFS !	Islam does not match our way of life on this green and pleasant island.Irish people are white and Christian FFS!	1
I joined today and just found this sight recenty , I Love being white and wanted to talk to others with veiws simular to my own .	I joined today and recently discovered this view, I like white and want to talk to others about landscapes similar to my own.	0
I've been looking for a proud Aryan women to help me in the distribution of literature and for a long term relationship .	I am looking for a proud Arian woman to help me for the distribution of literature and long-term relationships.	0
With lots of file work and 3 inches of hundreds .	With a lot of filework and 3 inches of a hundred.	0
There are a few big name books used in many colleges .	There are a number of books used at many universities.	0
Wondering how do I get homeschooled .	I wonder how I can get home school.	0
Well this is just like Westchester county advertising solely for nonwhites to come and live there in projects .	Well, it’s like advertising in Westchester County, just for non-white people to come and live in the project.	0
If we are White and wish to save this country rather than have it turn into a disorderly non-White hegemony , then we are all at a loss for what to do .	If we are white, if we want to save this country rather than turning it into a disorderly non-white regime, we all lose what to do.	1
I do not hate fox news but they throw the jew stick at you every chance they get which makes it unwatchable .	I don't hate Fox News, but they'll throw the Jews on you every occasion, which makes it unobservable.	0
I heard about the romanian gypsies that were on the roundabout in ballymun last year ... 400 of them will be coming back to Ireland and given houses !	I heard about the Romanian Gypsies who were around Birmingham last year...of whom 400 are trying to return to Ireland and give them a home!	0
You are no different than any other manipulating Jew .	You are no different from all other manipulative Jews.	3
Why does Stormfront not have a section for this type of thing .	Why does Stormfront have no section for this kind of thing.	0
The maker of this video originally thought it had melted down , but now feels it has not .	The creators of this video initially thought it had melted, but now they feel that it is not.	0
They have all put their careers first .	Everyone has put their career first.	0
im not in history this year. cant really talk about last year cause i forgot most of it by now and what i do remember would be biased cause i didnt join national socialism until coupla months ago , and i dont even know if you could really say i joined. not like u fill out a form or something .	I can’t really talk about last year, because I’ve forgotten most of it so far, and what I recall will be biased because I didn’t join National Socialism until a few months ago, and I don’t even know if you can really say I joined.	0
yes there 's many of us in the Chicago area .	Yes, there are many of us in the area of Chicago.	0
Well that 's good to hear .	It is good to hear it.	0
With their age 's they enjoyed the One fish Two fish Red fish Blue fish ..	With their age, they like one fish, two red fish, blue fish.	0
I wonder if the mex will steal them this year .	I wonder if the Mexicans will steal them this year.	0
I 'll host it for a spell if anyone wants to send it to me .	I will host it if someone wants to send it to me.	0
The UAF are just a bunch of middle class faggots , the EDL should steam into them every time they show up to counter a demonstration , they 'll soon run home to daddy .	The UAFs are just a bunch of middle-class households, and the EDLs have to steam on them whenever they appear at the demonstration, and will soon run home to Daddy.	1
Even if they do stop pouring in most of those that are here have no intention of going back to poland .	Even if they stopped flowing here, most of them did not intend to return to Poland.	1
I 'll go eat hagis and sip whiskey with the Scots thank you !	I’ll go out to eat hagis and taste whisky with the Scottish thanks!	0
I will find some way to get hold of this speech and make it public .	I will find a way to hold this speech and publish it.	0
Thanks for that Limerickpit I have put that on my planner no doubt it will be a total destoration of the facts !!	Thanks for that Limerickpit I put in my plan that would undoubtedly be a complete destruction of the facts!!	0
Blacks have shown as they are able to survive all year round sitting on their arse waiting for comic relief .	The blacks have demonstrated how they can survive the whole year sitting in their ark waiting for comic relief.	1
YouTube - & #x202a ; Unruly Teens wrecking a Dunkin Donuts at 75 christopher street in manhattan & #x202c ; & rlm ;	YouTube - & #x202a ; Unrighteous teenagers shoot Dunkin Donuts on the 75 Christopher Street in Manhattan & rlm ;	0
There 's sugar in the bowl and lemon on the side .	There's sugar in the cup and lemon on the side.	0
Those who are interested in this subject and who are Sustaining Members may find the following thread to be of interest also : https : //www.stormfront.org/forum/show ... ml#post5825477	Those who are interested in this topic and are continuing members may be interested in the following trades: https: //www.stormfront.org/forum/show... ml#post5825477	0
I say it is better to be very strict with your kid and homeshcool if possible than not to and hope for the best .	I say that it’s better to be very strict with your children and home school if possible, and better than hoping for the best.	0
Yes, it 's time to imagine that .	Yes, it’s time to imagine it.	0
I've actually discussed this idea with others here on SF However it would have to be in a PLE sort of situation to have the number of students and teachers required .	I’ve actually discussed this idea with others on SF, but it has to be in a PLE situation to get the number of students and faculty needed.	0
As always the video is filled with the truth .	The video, as always, is filled with truth.	0
According to this story , the two Swedes were outnumbered , and the video only showed the final few seconds .	According to this story, the two Swedish were out of number, and the video shows only the last few seconds.	0
If you have a link , send it and perhaps we can figure it out based on context .	If you have a link, send it and we can find it out on the basis of context.	0
Paper claims 250 - I was walking pass there and would estimate 100-200 demonstrators .	The paper claimed 250 - I walked there, with an estimated 100-200 demonstrators.	0
8000 $ later ( paid for byJiffylube ) his car was as good as new .	After $8,000 (paid by Jiffylube) his car is as good as new.	0
Thanks !	Thank you!	0
but if you print it and get it into comic stores , you get a lot more coverage of the population , my oppinion .	But if you print it and get it in cartoon stores, you get much more population coverage, in my opinion.	0
It was not hard either .	It wasn't hard either.	0
Mr Irving played a fundamental role in my own journey through Holocaust revision and for that he will always have my gratitude .	Irving played a pivotal role in my own journey through the Holocaust review and for that I will always be grateful.	0
I left Stormfront because I got tired of the petty bickering .	I left Stormfront because I’m tired of the little bickering.	0
Their report stated about 220,000 people or somewhere around that figure .	Their report said there were about 220,000 people or somewhere around the number.	0
We are not a criminal organization and there is no place for criminals in the klan .	We're not a criminal organization and there's no place for criminals in the clan.	0
Well in my opinion you dont have to maybe more White living on sports not only the players but also employees to serve the team	Well, in my opinion, you don’t need more whites living in sports not just for players, but also for staff serving the team.	0
Good for the lions .	It is good for lions.	0
The president said it sent an important message to other nations that Icelanders recognized their independance .	The president said it sent important messages to other countries that the Icelanders recognized their independence.	0
No , I 'm NOT kidding .....	No, I’m not kidding.	0
The earth is not getting bigger people .	The world is not becoming bigger.	0
Softly bright or radiant ; luminous ; as , `` a lambent light . '' 3 .	Soft bright or radiant; bright; like “a shining light”.	0
That Ca n't be good !!	This is not good!!	0
Lervik does not sound like a name on a person but is rather a name on place .	Lervik doesn’t sound like a person’s name, but rather is the name of a place.	0
I just came across this piece of garbage .	I just found that piece.	0
If it helps you feel better , I got accepted into the following schools : - UCLA - UCI - UCSB - USD - Pepperdine - Oregon State - USC F * ck Ivy League .	If it helps you feel better, I have been accepted in the following schools: - UCLA - UCI - UCSB - USD - Pepperdine - Oregon State - Ucc F * ck Ivy League.	0
Slavery is a word which has special meaning to Americans .	Slavery is a word that has a special meaning for Americans.	3
Been a dream of mine to visit Iceland for years now .	Visiting Iceland has been a dream for many years.	0
Have you ever spent time outside of the Vancouver area ?	Did you ever spend time outside the Vancouver area?	0
YouTube - & #x202a ; Walmart Greeter Beatdown ( Caught on Tape ) & #x202c ; & rlm ;	YouTube - and #x202a ; Walmart Greeter Beatdown ( Catched on Tape ) & # x202c ; & rlm ;	0
I'm trying to contact individuals interested in joining together and coordinating their efforts on a National/worldwide scale , the web site to go to for more info is Pro White Action Group click on the special events link for contact information .	I tried to contact people who are interested in uniting and coordinating their efforts nationally/global, the website for more information is Pro White Action Group click on the special event link to get contact information.	0
hi school is a zoo and suck i hate my school to but white trash is some one who is a race mixers or a w * * * * * * white power at all times	Hello, school is a zoo, I hate my school, but white waste is someone who is a racial mixer or a w * * ** * * white power at any time	1
What if there had been no Norman conquest ?	What if no Norman had conquered it?	0
This is why libtards and Jews call us white supremacists and get away with it .	That’s why the libertarians and Jews call us white supremacists and avoid it.	1
I'll second that .	I will do it for the second time.	0
When I see this stuff nowadays it makes me wa n't to punch the white people who fall for it .	When I see this thing today, it makes me not punish the White who fall for her.	1
I have been looking for a site like this for 4 months now since I last found one with like 75 Eastern Front propaganda posters .	I’ve been searching for these sites for four months since I last found a site containing 75 Eastern Front propaganda posters.	0
Just like this thread should be stickied .	It’s as if this topic had to be broken down.	0
https : //en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Nordic _ aliens	HTTPS : //en.wikipedia.org / Wikipedia / North _ Aliens	0
By the way , if the person you 're speaking to is claiming that blacks are held back it 's their duty to prove their claim , not your duty to disprove it .	By the way, if the person you’re talking to claims that black people are detained, it’s your duty to prove your claim, not to refute it.	0
YouTube - Good Night to Fed Ex	YouTube – Good Night to the Fed Ex	0
Why do the Swedes hide their best looking females ?	Why do they hide their best-looking women?	0
I grew up near Little Italy ( not NY ) and parents grew up in Brooklyn .	I grew up near Little Italy (not New York) and my parents were raised in Brooklyn.	0
Every day its a little more in the garbage	Every day is a little bit more in the trash.	0
Save your change or eat pork and beans one night instead of going out , and give the money to a White mother. photo crawling infant reaching out	Save your change, eat pigs and beans a night instead of going out, or give money to a white mother.	0
2 Years of foreign language is mandatory to graduate from my school .	Two years of foreign language is mandatory for graduating from my school.	0
I do n't go line dancing but I listen to country and want to live on a ranch or farm	I don’t dance, but I listen to the country and I want to live in a ranch or farm.	0
If anyone can tell what happened on this lake ?	If someone could tell me what happened in the lake?	0
2508	of 508.	0
The Belgian school was one hundred percent white .	The school in Belgium was 100 percent white.	0
158 carpenter NiB BCG , 1/7 twist , CHF barrel and chamber , comfy CTR stock , etc .	158 NiB BCG carpenter, 1/7 twist, barrel and room CHF, stock CTR comfy, etc.	0
Once again , blacks showing they cannot control themselves .	Again, black people show that they can’t control themselves.	1
String ' em up !	Get up!	1
I've been through Utah once .	I have been to Utah once.	0
Kanal 5 only shows American garbage shows and reality shows like `` Big Brother '' .	Channel 5 shows only American junk shows and reality series like "Big Brother".	0
Who says this is an undeclared war ?	Who said this was an undeclared conflict?	0
SPORTS	sportsmen	0
Or do you believe that humans from different species did n't evolve from the same point ?	Or do you think different species of humans did not evolve from the same point?	0
https : //s3.amazonaws.com/ksr/assets/ ... jpg ? 1365024003	HTTPS: //s3.amazonaws.com/ksr/property/... jpg? 1365024003	0
Well I heard that the airport is in the process of implementing their new security procedures and subsequently did n't have an x-ray device or metal detector ...	Well, I heard that the airport implemented a new security procedure and then had no X-ray devices or metal detectors.	0
I 'm 19 , 150lbs. green eyes , light brown hair , good features. good looking to myself , and maybe to you , k.i.t emerald714@hotmail.com	I am 19 years old, 150 pounds. green eyes, bright brown hair, good features. good look for me, and maybe for you, k.i.t emerald714@hotmail.com	0
facebook has an 4x4 van page .	Facebook has a 4×4 van page.	0
Right in the mainstream .	Just into the mainstream.	0
Great,i didnt knew you guys opened this thread Their accent will be super funny for you , but this Belgrade Band is singing some of the most famous Irish and Celtic songs .	Great, I didn’t know that you opened the people that your accent will be super funny for you, but this Belgrade band sings some of the most famous Irish and Celtic songs.	0
No dogs ?	Without a dog?	0
I will be handing all mine over to the proper authorities .	I will deliver everything to the appropriate authorities.	0
How can they do well at anything that requires logic when they are required to accept that A and B are equal ?	How can they be good at everything that requires logic if they are obliged to accept that A and B are equal?	0
Last I checked though , there are more Europeans being raped by non Europeans in Europe than there have been in Canada	In Europe there are more Europeans raped by non-Europeans than in Canada.	0
And `` heat '' means guns ( ' case y' all ai n't down wit da slang )	“Heat” means weapons (‘ case y’ all ai n’ down wit do slang)	0
Lots of ice fishing and fly fishing here , antelope , elk and moose too .	A lot of ice fishing and fishing, Antelope, Elk and Mouse are also here.	0
I totally agree with you .	I completely agree with you.	0
Its the rural towns that would allow a community to go unnoticed and unattacked at first .	It is the rural cities that would first let a community be unrecognized and not attacked.	0
And her husband is Tom Brady , this good-looking White Nordic guy : Here 's a photo of them with their ( white ) children :	And her husband is Tom Brady, this beautiful white Nordic man: Here are photos of them and their (white) children:	0
Nope prisoner means that you belive in wp and try to dress as much like one but cannot due to parents or your job .	Prisoner Nope means you believe in WP and try to dress as much as one but can’t because of your parents or work	0
I like going to the gym and doing anything athletic .	I like to go to the gym and do any exercise.	0
There use to be meetings here then it got down to one a year at folk fest now , I do n't know of any get togethers in South Florida .	It was used when there was a meeting here, so now it’s reduced to one a year at the People’s Festival, and I don’t know any friends in southern Florida.	0
There 's no effin way I would send a child to public school .	There's no way I'd send a child to public school.	0
Unit14canada@gmail.com	Unity13canada@gmail	0
I posted a thread in Stormfront Ireland the week before about english hooligans slashing an Irish mans throat , the thread dissappeared without explanation .	The previous week I posted a bull in Stormfront Ireland about English hooligans cutting off the throat of an Irish man, the bull disappeared without explanation.	0
False information and bad science is right .	False information and false science are right.	0
The powers that be want all Whites dumbed down with Negro blood .	The powers that want all white people to be upset by the blood of the blacks.	1
This is exactly what the Truth Movement needs more of !	This is exactly what the movement of truth needs the most!	0
Hey j.p. i called the number you left me in my mail a couple of weeks ago but they said they never heard of ya , i e-mailed you back and havent heard back , shoot me yopur #again .	Hey j.p. I called the number you left me in my post a few weeks ago, but you said you never heard of ya, I sent you back and heard you shoot me again.	0
Just wait until they find a school where Asian girls are more violent and stupid than black males , and the leftists will have a plan on how to fight the achievement gap .	Waiting for them to find a school where Asian girls are more violent and stupid than the black, the left will have a plan on how to tackle the gap in achievements.	1
Here is the Haiti story for the negro sock puppet , posted for the umteenth time Dr William Pierce The Island Paradise of Haiti - YouTube	Here's the Haitian story of the black socks doll, released for the eleventh time by Dr. William Pearce, The Island Heaven of Haiti - YouTube	0
They also threatened to throw me out of the country .	They also threatened to expel me from the country.	0
they act as if negros with aids should have the right to reproduce when they will die off and have no way to take care of the kid I cant believe that they are doing this by the millions its crazy	They think that black people with AIDS should act as if they should have the right to reproduce when they die and there is no way to take care of the child.	1
One day when true people come to power in italy they will have to go back where they came from ! Italy to Italians !!	One day, when the real people come to power in Italy, they will have to return to where the Italians came from Italy!!	1
Definitely an act of Genocide .	It is definitely a genocide act.	0
Mod Note : I moved this to here from the Youth room .	Mod Note: I moved this from the Youth Room to here.	0
Thank you for this post .	Thanks for this post.	0
Anyways , smearing a single DNA stem with black DNA is horrible .	Anyway, it is terrible to throw a single DNA block with a black DNA.	1
Pigs bladders were not used there , and the footballs were made from Camels doings .	Pig leaves were not used there, and football was made through the work of a camel.	0
The reason they are killing themselves is because our weak liberal goverment are too afraid to make them do any sort of training ..	The reason they kill themselves is because our weak liberal government is too afraid to get them to do any kind of training.	0
One day , brother ... one day .	One day, brother, one day...	0
ha, I just made this. but my point is , I suggest something with an American theme to it to make it our own .	Hey, I just did it, but my point of view is, I suggest something with an American theme to make it ours.	0
Let 's all stay together .	Let us all remain together.	0
Stay away from any public or state schools , would have to be private .	To stay away from public and public schools, it must be private.	0
Thanks though .	However, thank you.	0
School begins for me in a week , which is when I 'll be answering your question .	The school starts within a week, and this is the time I will answer your question.	0
Asians ?	And the asians?	0
Not only did he not sell a car he ended up in court and 500euro lighter in the pocket from his latest meeting with a Negro .	Not only did he not sell the car, but he ended up in court and had a lightweight of 500 euros in his pocket from a recent meeting with a black man.	0
They pretty much say if you get mugged it 's your fault .	They almost say that if you’re beaten, it’s your fault.	0
Tight as in do n't be a tramp ?	Isn’t it like this?	0
http://abcnews.go.com/International/print ? id = 2483106 AP Story	HTTP://abcnews.go.com/international/print? id = 2483107 AP Story	0
The churches also used to operate hospitals .	Churches used to also operate hospitals.	0
Id like to say something but I once heard `` if you have nothing good to say dont say anything at all '' .	I like to say something, but I’ve heard once, “If you don’t have anything good to say, don't say anything.”	0
It is certainly enough money to keep hundreds of jews employed by over a dozen companies involved in the certification process .	It was enough funding to keep hundreds of Jews employed in more than a dozen companies involved in the proof process.	0
Good example for white people with dark hair and eyes : Uta Franz ( 1935-2012 ) austrian actress from the Sissi movies who had dark hair and eyes but she 's was recognizable as a white woman	Good example for a white man with dark hair and eyes: Uta Franz (1935-2012) was an Austrian actress in the Sisi film, but she was recognized as a white woman.	0
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------- Ebonics ...	── ─	0
I dont know but becareful .	I don’t know, but it’s crazy.	0
This is the reason certain schools down here where I live have a white prom and a black prom .	That’s why the school where I live has a white and a black prom.	0
Check out the whole series ..	Check out all the series.	0
ignorant racist black lady wants free water.flv - YouTube Black guy goes crazy at popeye & #39 ; s - YouTube OLD RACIST BLACK LADY CURSING OUT WHITE FOLKS ON TRAIN !	Ignorant racist black women want free water.flv - YouTube Black men go crazy at popeye & #39; s - YouTube old racist Black ladies on the train white men!	0
And I only caught a few of the stories that were generated .	And I have only captured some of the stories that have been generated.	0
When is that projected to happen ?	When is this expected to happen?	0
This girl was almost made another human sacrifice to your false god .	This girl was made almost another human sacrifice for your false god.	1
-Sending their kids to jewish summer camps .	He sends his children to the Jewish summer camps.	0
That 's the first I heard of her and her story , truely saddening .	This is the first time I hear about her and her story, really sad.	0
http://www.natfront.com/join.html	Library: www.natfront.com and join.html	0
So , bring her along slowly and she 'll more than likely see the light .	So, bring them slowly and they will see the light more than likely.	0
It 's the ideal way to raise boys into men .	It is an ideal way to raise a boy as a man.	0
Can you give any examples of progress made by skinheads or the Klan ?	Can you give an example of the progress made by the skinheads or the Klan?	0
Has anybody pointed out that Finland is n't part of Scandinavia yet ? ( Hur gick det i Finnkampen , vet ni det ?	Has anyone pointed out that Finland is not yet part of Scandinavia?	0
A nice holiday in the sun paid for by the silly Irish is just the ticket .	A nice holiday paid under the sun by the stupid Irish is just a ticket.	0
Thanks, but I 'll pass .	Thank you, but I'll pass.	0
Wow, The Birth of a Nation profited ZOG ?	WOW, was the birth of a nation benefited by ZOG?	0
Ask a friend ?	Ask for a friend?	0
They have their place , just like every other group .	They have their place, like any other group.	0
I'm going to try my hand at laying this out .	I will try to put this in my hands.	0
Very great pictures everyone !	Everyone has great photos!	0
These negroes make way more money than you do , and sleep with way more white women than you do , they 're the kings and you are their pathetic followers .	These blacks make more money than you, sleep with more white women than you do, they are kings, and you are their miserable follower.	0
Free Edgar Steele has announced the start of an official fundraising campaign with full support of Cyndi Steele : Fundraising Campaign | Free Edgar Steele	Free Edgar Steele has announced the start of an official funding campaign with the full support of Cyndi Steele: Funding Campaign	0
Get back to me if u have plans to be anywhere within the next few weeks .	Contact us if you want to go anywhere in the next few weeks.	0
You got that right in one go.Lets hope he gets well soon and on his way home If you do n't have these apes in your great Country then count your blessings	Hopefully he’ll get well soon and on the way home If you don’t have these monkeys in your big country, then count your blessings.	1
wonder what anyone thinks of this for a logo , gaelic guard , garda gaelach Green for Ireland , four stars for the four provinces , on a white field for obvious reasons 2508	I wonder what someone thinks about this, the logo, the Galilean guard, the garda gaelach green for Ireland, four stars for four provinces	0
A : 14 yards , or 42 feet Johnny 's ' homeschool math assignment ' could be 10 or 15 problems that he learned on the field that day .	A: 14 yards, or 42 feet, Johnny’s ‘home school math problems’ could be 10 or 15 issues he learned in the field that day.	0
I wonder if we 'll see any pictures of cops with garlands round their necks dancing with the natives this year ?	I wonder if this year we will see pictures of police officers with gardens around their neck dancing with the locals?	0
Thank god for the Poles .	I am grateful to the Poles.	0
i joined this site just a few hours ago but ive been visiting for a while before hand .. very interesting topics things you just dont see in mainstream anymore .. actualy what the hell am i saying never ever seen in main stream EVER ... its a damn shame ...	I just joined this site a few hours ago but I visited for a moment before hand.. very interesting topic you just can’t see in the main stream.. actualy what hell I’ve never seen I’m saying... it’s a shameful shame	0
Send me your phone # I 'll call you when u I land in heathrow I 'm just gonna leave all of my money and all improvements I 've made here .	Give me your phone and I’ll call you when I land at Heathrow and I just want to leave all my money and all the improvements I’ve made here.	0
OV topics really do come in waves .	The issues really came in waves.	0
Get gas masks !	Buy a gas mask!	0
Has anyone been able to locate a clip or photgraph of the father ?	Have you managed to find a clip or a photograph of your father?	0
There's more than a little evidence that modern Europeans are at least partially descended from Neanderthals .	There is more than little evidence that modern Europeans are at least partially descendants of the Neanderthals.	0
I am currently attending high school .	I am currently in high school.	0
Ready .... GO !!!	Get ready to go!!	0
I have tried more than 10 and none of them are accepting loans .	I've tried more than 10 and no one of them is accepting loans.	0
This is a picture of Christian Albanian people they do n't look White they look like something from the Caucasus I know my Dad dated a Christian Albanian at one point she was light Brown ( I do n't just mean a tan she was literally light Brown ) she had coal black hair and a massive nose .	This is an image of Christian Albanians they don't see white they look like what from Gaza I know my father dating a Christian Albanian man at one point, she's lightly brown (I'm not just saying that she is literally lightly Brown) she has coal black hair and a huge nose	0
I own this game and it is by far the most violent and sick game I have ever played .	I own this game, and it’s the most violent and sick game I’ve ever played.	0
Traditionally, there have always been a lot of them despite the fact that NE Asians are the extreme version of our breeding strategy .	Traditionally, NE Asians are always there, despite the fact that they are an extreme version of our breeding strategy.	1
Thank God it is n't , everyone on Facebook is obsessed with it so much I began to hate the colour pink .	Thank God, everyone on Facebook has been obsessed with it, so I started to hate pink.	0
I need the money .	I needed the money.	0
Therefore they had to practice slavery before all other races .	Therefore they had to practise slavery before all the other races.	1
Peter, these people have just been brainpolluted .	Peter, these people have simply been contaminated by the brain.	0
You will love this : https : //www.linkedin.com/pub/wayne-weber/19/899/116 got out of the Air force and went straight to the head of HK. wow .	You’ll love this: https : //www.linkedin.com/pub/wayne-weber/19/899/117 left the Air Force and headed directly to the head of HK. wow.	0
WOULD YOU PLEASE STRIVE TO READ MORE CAREFULLY BEFORE YOU JUMP DOWN PEOPLE 'S THROATS ABOUT SOMETHING .	You must try to read with more joy before one day you will dissolve the fear of people.	0
Watch this ! #1 reason why speed limiters kill ...	#1 Reasons Why Speed Limits Kill...	0
I'd say a fitting punishment is dealing with the developmentally challenged children for the rest for your life .	I would say that an appropriate punishment is to deal with a child with developmental disabilities for the rest of your life.	0
A good kick from a woman wearing steel toes can break their shin ( I know from experience ) .	A good blow of a woman who carries her steel fingers can break her shin (I know from experience).	0
Come in with a Swedish Power shirt .	Wear a Swedish power shirt.	0
Or hide it behind a link or something ?	Or hidden behind a link or something like that?	0
Tell me this wo n't happen !	Tell me that this does not happen!	0
Crews search for missing in Hungry Horse | KAJ18.com | Kalispell , Montana	The crew is searching for the missing in Hunger Horse KAJ18.com Kalispell, Montana	0
They are n't a band they are a group. like a white pride group. they are pretty big , they 've been on tv quite a few times .	They are not a band, they are a group, like a white pride group, they’re pretty big, have been on television a couple of times.	0
This means if the mind is stupid the body must suffer .	This means that if the mind is stupid, the body must suffer.	0
When I was very young we read and looked at the same books as the adults .	When I was very young, we read and watched the same books as adults.	0
When will people * * * * * * * wake up ?	When will people waken up?	3
Well, at least these dumb negroes got the fact that Jews are evil right ; though I suspect whitey and the jews are one in the same to their primitive minds ...	Well, at least these foolish blacks knew that Jews were evil men, but I suspect that whites and Jews are the same as their primitive minds.	1
You do not have to wait for this law to pass since already you would be expelled from your school for doing the above under some sort of hostile school environment clause , as you would at most places of work .	You don’t have to wait for the law to pass because you’re going to be expelled from your school because you do the above under some kind of hostile school environment, just like you do in most workplaces.	0
But I just saw this .	But I've just seen this.	0
I am happy to be a part of it and my girls cannot wait to get started !	I'm happy to be part of this and my girls can't wait to start!	0
There is not a show on tv that is n't a propaganda vehicle for `` The Agenda '' ( white genocide ) .	There is no television show that is not a means of propaganda for “The Agenda” (white genocide).	0
None of these options fit me .	None of those options fits me.	0
But as for them adopting kids , the answer is NO .	But when it comes to adopting children, the answer is NO.	1
Those boys will use the plastic whisks as swords , and the girls ' lego creations will consist of dollhouses for the few white dolls , with the dark ones in the adjoining farm pen .	The boys will use plastic beads as swords, the girl’s Lego creation will consist of a couple of white doll houses, while the black dolls will be located in a neighboring farm pen.	1
i've seen it , the whole thing and i remember the part where he started to talk about BLACK MALES and showed a bunch of these news clips saying `` the suspect is a black male '' etc. acting like we are suppose to feel sorry for them and they are all innocent. and like you said , i don`t think one black person was interviewed ...	I watched it, the whole thing, and I remember he started talking about some of the black men, and showed a bunch of those news clips saying “the suspects are black” and so on, acting as if we should be sorry for them, they’re all innocent.	0
R.I.P Elizabeth .	by R. I. P. Elizabeth	0
Large enough to have a secure border and 100 mile free fire zone around it .	Great enough to have a safe border and a free fire zone of 100 miles around.	0
These in Russia i saw was pure black as black as can be , maybe some of them was `` tourists '' and `` students '' but the ones i seen near the out door music show was wearing dirty clothes in their late 20s big gang off them , even seen a girl dating a black .	The Russians I saw were probably some of them “tourists” and “students,” but those I saw near an outdoor music show were wearing dirty clothes from a big gang in their late 20s, and even saw a girl dating a black man.	0
Somene was telling me somewhere that he has put in a claim about having been abused in an orphanage by one of the religious orders .	Somene told me somewhere that he had put forward a claim that one of the religious orders abused him in an orphanage.	0
Anyone who want to listen to the broadcast can do so here > > > http://www.drmireland.com/audio.php There 's another broadcast on the 24th , see this message from Michael Quinn : ------------------------------------------ `` Freedom Of ﻿ Speech '' Has PREVAILED !	Anyone who wants to listen to the broadcast can do it here > > > http://www.drmireland.com/audio.php There is another broadcast on the 24th, see this message by Michael Quinn.	0
I think I read a comment like that on a video on YouTube and it made me chuckle .	I read such comments on YouTube videos and I think it made me laugh.	0
That is about as cheap and low as I 've seen it around here , your task is so transparent as to be laughable .	It’s as cheap and low as I’ve seen it here, and your job is as funny and transparent.	0
I am disgusted by the amount of white hate and brown love that teachers try to pump into my 16 year olds head .	I hate the amount of white hatred and brown love that the teacher is trying to pump into my 16-year-old head.	1
To post it on a public message board is just inviting disaster .	Posting it on the public message board just invites a catastrophe.	0
But both Samis and Finns have N1C1 .	However, both Finns and Samis have N1C1.	0
It 's the old carrot and stick routine .	This is the old routine of carrots and stick.	0
Pffffft!	and pfffff!	0
In this text there is a table of how they are going to destroy our culture and implement their communist state .	In this text there is a table on how they destroy our culture and implement a communist state.	0
Unfortunately , she starred in some partisan films ...	Unfortunately, she played a role in some party films...	0
I want to wish all students here and everywhere else the best of luck on your mid-terms .	I would like to wish all students here and elsewhere the best of success in your midterm.	0
He is a hero of mine .	He's a Hero of mine.	0
I just buy the movies/shows I like on DVD .	I just bought my favorite movie/show on DVD.	0
The problem is well eventually run out of places to hide , then game over	The problem is that at the end there is no place to hide, and then the game ends.	3
I got the book in a box with others for $ 1.00 I never knew anything about free masons until I read this book .	I bought the book in the box with others for $1.00 and nothing about free traders until I read this book	0
That could be cool !	This might be cool!	0
No comment ?	Not a comment?	0
Obama is by no means a muslim .	Obama is not a Muslim.	0
I was driving near USC and It was ALL darkies .	I was driving close to USC and it was all dark.	3
SNICKERS ® - `` Coach '' - YouTube	SNICKERS – “Coach” – YouTube	0
Just because we can `` breed '' does n't mean we should .	Just because we can “breed” doesn’t mean we should.	1
Sorry, but are you gay ?	Sorry but you are gay.	0
I never let my kids drink store bought cow 's milk because of the massive amount of stuff they give diary cows to up the milk output .	I’ve never bought cow’s milk because of the huge amount of things that children give to cows every day to boost milk production.	0
I'm really sorry to say that due to the land we use being under water due to severe flooding we 've had to cancel the event .	I’m really sorry to say that we have to cancel the event because the land we use is underwater due to severe flooding.	0
I got the impression he was trying to sell something to me .	I felt he was trying to sell me something.	0
YouTube - Broadcast Yourself .	YouTube – Broadcast your own.	2
Yes and thank you to those who reported this vile sicko .	Yes, and thank you for those who liked this ugly Sicko.	0
You are very handsome and your attitudes about your daughter are right where they should be !	You are very nice and your attitude towards your daughter is right where they should be!	0
Also every other multi they are trying to force upon us .	Everyone else is trying to force us.	0
Racist attack by blacks on a young white girl in France .	A black man attacked a white woman in France.	0
I wish I had her eye color ...	I wish she had the color of her eyes.	0
.99Cents Only stores have a nice selection of Halloween stuff .	The.99Cents only store has a great selection of Halloween items.	0
These are the essentials if you would to add more thats up to you .	These are the essential elements if you want to add more things to yourself.	0
There is no way you are taking our ancestral homelands from us ever !	You have no way to ever take our ancestral home away from us!	0
So my interests in this group are minimal .	So my interest in this group is minimal.	0
All rapes are disgusting , but raping a FIVE year old ???	All rape is ugly, but rape a five-year-old???	0
Get out of here !	Get away from here!	0
Hell , ill even give out my pic on aim = P Ladieees ; P AIM : Trilidon	Hell, sickness even gave me the image of the goal = P Ladieees ; P AIM : Triangle	0
More than that I cringe every time I go to hang out with my friends and they blast this filth in their cars and homes .	More importantly, I get angry every time I go out to play with my friends and they’re splashing out the dirt in their cars and homes.	0
I 'm not trolling , but venting .	I am not a troll, but a vent.	0
The next time you post something this long please quote a little bit and then leave the link for whoever wants to read the whole thing .	The next time you post this time, please quote a little and then leave the link to anyone who wants to read it all.	0
i seen the article we want to go to ireland get free money and goverment will give us houses and not one member of goverment says a peep expect residents against racism to take on their cause and the law system to make a mint off of them .	I saw the article that we wanted to go to Ireland for free money, the government would give us a house, and no one member of the government said that people want to take their against racist residents, and the legal system will take a dollar out of them.	0
The Ridge motel in Mandan/Bismarck costs $ 300 a week .	Ridge motels in Mandan/Bismarck cost $300 a week.	0
hello. my name is sean brennan. i live in mission kansas. i 'm looking for more people in my area to hang out with. please email me at nirvana@emailnerd.com	Hello, my name is Sean Brennan, I live in Mission Kansas, I'm looking for more people in my area, please send an email to Nirvana@emailnerd.com	0
This article should reinforce in our minds WHAT we are dealing with .	This article should strengthen in our minds WHAT we're dealing with.	0
Just occasionally drive through the local hood and toss out a few new Shoes and fake toy guns and they 'll do the rest .	Just occasionally driving through local hats, throwing out some new shoes and fake toy guns, and they would do the rest.	0
They are black and Hispanic , not white .	They're black and Hispanic, not white.	0
But from what i have seen of the UFC lately , there are many whites dominating their division or challenging in the top positions of just about every weight class , with the exception of the heavyweight division .	However, from what we have seen from the UFC recently, many white people have dominated the division or challenged in the top positions of almost all weight classes other than the weight division.	0
I love that video so much .	I love these videos so much.	0
I swam in them once at the beach , and was wearing only swim trunks .. just like the boys .	I used to swim on the beach, wearing only a swimsuit... just like a boy.	0
These ' niggas ' .	The “Niggas”	1
Post the topics discussed in class as they come up on this thread .	Post the topics discussed in the class and appear in this trend.	0
ALL this high school talk makes ME feel old , and Im 19 !!!	All these high school talks make me feel old, and Im 19!!!	0
Just to point out : how do you know that your sources do n't have a chip-on-their-shoulder , and an agenda ?	Just point out: How do you know that your source doesn’t have a chip on your shoulder, and doesn't have an schedule?	0
I was always under the impression that there was always more women in the world than men .	I have always had the impression that there are more women than men in the world.	0
I have never seen such thing in any other country .	I have never seen something like this in any other country.	0
An autopsy ruled her death a homicide .	An autopsy declared his death as a murder.	0
I was surprised to see it there on Palm Canyon Drive .. here 's a detail :	I was surprised to see it on the palm canyon drive... here is a detail:	0
Facebook account helps me fo example if im not present in school .	The Facebook account helps me to give an example if I am not present at school.	0
I was born in Canada but my family is 730 + members strong and we are all from Ireland , so the heritage is thick and the pride is strong .	I was born in Canada, but my family has 730+ strong members and we are all from Ireland, so the legacy is thick and the pride is strong.	0
When I die just put a monitor in my coffin running a never ending holocaust documentary , just to make sure I nevah fo-get !	When I died, I put a monitor into the coffin, running an endless Holocaust documentary, just to make sure I could escape!	1
Plop them down in front of Livy , have them read it , and then write a report on it .	Fold them in front of Livy, read them, and then write a report about it.	0
Markus Riikonen http://www.angelfire.com/hi5/himalajafoundation 32	Markus Riikonen HTTP://www.angel fire.com/hi4/himalajafoundation 3	0
Racist woman rant in London part 1 - YouTube ORIGINAL Racist Black Girls Fighting , South London Railway Balham to Mitcham 18.11.2011 - YouTube	Race-Discriminated Women in London Part 1 - YouTube Original Race Black Girl Fight, South London Rail Balham to Mitcham 18.11.2011 - YouTube	0
Thank you , Sieg Heil Ryan	“Thank you,” Sieg Heil, Ryan	0
If anyone lives near London , ON .	If anyone lives close to London, then.	0
Voice my opinions without riding the coat tails of others .	Speak my opinions without hitting someone else’s tail.	0
It 's just the way they are .	It's just how they are.	1
I would allow them to fall away out of my life and I would never look back .	I will allow them to fall from my life and I will never look back.	0
Do a search on kissing pranks on youtube .	Make a search for the kiss pen on YouTube.	0
if you have enough money for high speed internet to download it you can probably afford the book ! you have your priorities mixed up if you have high speed internet which you 'd need to d/l it but cant feed your kids , lol .	If you have enough money high-speed internet to download it, you may be able to give up this book! you have your priorities mixed, if you have high- speed internet, you need it, but you can feed your child, lol.	0
I wonder how many moms would kill to look that good after having a kid .	I wonder how many mothers will die to look so good after they have a baby.	0
Jesus Christ ...	The Christ Jesus...	0
We will become a melting pot like our other sister countries in Europe .	We are going to become a melting pot like our sister countries in Europe.	0
This is your claim and yours alone ; take it to yourself .	This is your claim, it is only yours, and accept it to yourself.	0
I do n't know about you but I rather fight a 2m swedish male than a 1.70m asian kung fu expert .	I don’t know about you, but I prefer to fight with a 2 meters Swedish man than with an 1.70 meters Asian kung fu expert.	0
Did you note all the info on Israel ?	Have you read all the information about Israel?	0
Those Jewish murderers of millions of Whites have been forgiven .	The Jews who killed millions of white people were forgiven.	1
If u search on yahoo ( ya-jew ) you can find it .	If you search in Yahoo, you can find it.	0
I think it 's best if white men looked after white women in our schools .	I think it’s best for white men to take care of white women in our schools.	0
I am a 33 year old single white male in northern Virginia .	I am a 33-year-old single white man in North Virginia.	0
You can ask to your french fellow in stormfront french part for a little help both of them speak english and french .	You can ask for some help from your French colleagues in the French section before the storm, both they speak English and French.	0
We ca n't afford to babysit unstable people .	We don’t allow us to take care of unstable people.	0
If that was your DNA test results you posted , and if the methods of the particular testing company are reliable , then your dark coloring may be coming from these components :	If this is the DNA test result you publish, and if the methodology of that particular test company is reliable, then your dark color may come from these components:	0
Ok Ignore the one pic. that is n't so good ....	OK, ignore one word, it’s not so good.	0
Which is why you build them far away from silos , cities and targets of interest to a 1st world nuclear adversary .	That’s why you build them away from places, cities, and targets that interest the world’s first nuclear opponent.	0
man as that video went along i got more and more fearful that there would be a tag at the end stating all in the video had been assaulted or murdered. glad it turned out better than that .	As the video continued, I was increasingly afraid that there would be a tag that said that everyone in the video would eventually be attacked or killed.	0
I'm glad to see miscegenation is n't occuring on a large scale ; I have high hopes for Mother Russia Once again it 's shown that we do n't need a majority in parliament to have an impact	I am pleased to see that mass chaos will not happen; I have high hopes for Russian Mother to prove once again that we don’t need a majority in parliament to have an impact.	0
Check it out this is disturbing but insightfull and revealing information that are people here need to see .	Find out that this is disturbing, but insightful and revealing information that people have to see here.	0
2 ) Full tank of gas 3 ) watch riot on TV from 5 star Hotel 100 miles away .	2 ) Full Tank 3 ) Watch the riots on TV 100 miles away from the 5-star hotel.	0
Maybe it 's not the same but it is very similar .	It might not be the same, but it is very similar.	0
If only we had more friends that we could count on through thick and thin like balije .	If we had more friends, we would have been able to calculate through thick thin things like balije.	0
I 'm either in North Florida or Nigeria sometimes i ca n't tell the difference. mothergrinninbird@yahoo.com	I'm either in North Florida or Nigeria sometimes I can't tell the difference. mothergrinninbird@gmail.com	1
Can you cite a source for that ?	Could you quote a source for this?	0
No I will not be buying guns and bullets .	No, I don’t buy guns or bullets.	0
And every human is `` together '' with all people , of their country .	And all human beings are “all together” with their nations, with all the nations.	0
Whats your point ?	What is your point?	0
Emily Tubb , 33 , of Southaven , who is in the English department at East High School , was indicted last week for alleged possession with intent to distribute Adderall , alprazolam and heroin .	33-year-old Emily Tubb of Southaven, who is the East High School English department, was accused last week of intentionally distributing Adderall, Alprazolam and heroin.	0
Perhaps I should walk back into my H.S. when it starts Monday and get on the P.A. system and say I want to tie all * * * * * * s to the back of my car and drag them across the ground till they die , and then say I 'm joking .	Maybe I should go back to my H.S. when it started on Monday, turn on the PA system and say I want to put all the * * ** * s tied behind my car, drag them to the ground until they die, and then say I’m joking.	1
I have never seen an Asian woman dating an Asian man.They like the white man they re-force wiggers and our detrimental towards our cause.Cpamikei	I’ve never seen Asian women dating Asian men.They’re like white men, they’re forcing our years to our problems again.Cpamikei	1
Once again ..	And once again...	0
It congers up images of blacks in chains and whippings which was the intention .	He gathers black images in chains and whippings that were intended.	3
We have to learn to appreciate diversity .	We must learn to appreciate the diversity.	0
Of course , it 's obvious why the Belgians outscored the `` Americans '' .	Of course, it’s clear why the Belgians outperformed the “Americans.”	3
The problems start when you start to accommonadate these people in the first place ! , give an inch and they 'll take a mile ......	The problem starts when you start to accompany these people first!, give 1 inch and they will take 1 mile...	1
I would like to continue to encourage new people to come out and to message me if you are interested in coming out to our social gatherings and meets. it is always nice to see things growing	I continue to encourage new people to come out and send me a message if you are interested in coming to our social meetings or meetings.	0
yes RoadHog i did check into j and g they sound good , im hoping i will find one on the shelf soon tho , the mosin	Yes RoadHog I checked j and g they sound good and I hope I will soon find one on the shelf tho, Mosin	0
They do sell it and it may be needed one day .	They sell it, and maybe one day they need it.	0
There have been times when I have walked past some nigerian or skinny and they will cough with hand at their side without care for those around them .	Sometimes I’ve walked by some Nigerians or thin people who would cough, hold hands around them and don’t care about the people around them.	1
Probably the most disgusting thing I 've seen in the last year .	Probably the most unpleasant thing I’ve seen last year.	3
heil sisters thank you this is why i wood stand side by side on the front line with my sisters thay are the bast ps AggroOigirl your profile say your are a single mother so i thot you was oi sorry skins for ever Goldenboy 88 WPFR	Thank you this is why I stood in front of my sister instead of being the fucking ps AggroOigirl your profile says you are a single mother so I say you are oi sorry skin forever gold boy 88 WPFR	0
It is now unusual to see White families on telly .	Now it is unusual to see the white families in the telly.	0
Washington State University ( WSU ) ?	The Washington State University (WSU).	0
And 15 minutes .	And for 15 minutes.	0
I must say , the younger guy sure keeps this gal young and fit .	I have to say that the young guy will definitely keep this young and fit girl.	0
Most Bibles never used the word Jew untill the late 1700 's .	Most of the Bible did not use the word Jew until the late 1700s.	0
3702	4702 to	0
INTJ Introvert ( 78 % ) iNtuitive ( 38 % ) iNtuitive Thinking ( 100 % ) Judging ( 56 % ) I find the descriptions of they give to be fairly accurate regarding myself .	INTJ Introvert (78%) Intuitive (38%) Intuitively Thinking (100%) Judgment (56%) I find the descriptions they give are quite accurate about myself.	0
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zhItDmRiULg one Croatian neo-pagan/slavic song for ya folks , hope you like it ...	http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zhItDmRiULg a Croatian neo-pagan / Slavic song for already people, I hope you like it...	0
We should start gangs of our own and kill them and rob their homes , is this what the liberals wanted as `` diversity ? ''	We should start our own gangs, kill them and loot their homes, this is what the liberals say is “diversity.”	1
Indeed.	indeed is.	0
Here 's a list of some of the other derivitives : Skr . धूम ( dhūma ) , Old Prussian dumis , Russ. дым ( dym ) , Lat. fūmus , Gm. toup/toben , Gk. θυμός ( thumos ) , Toch. twe/tweye , Lith. dūmai , Ltv. dūmi , Eng. dōmian/dusk , Goth. dauns , ON daunn , Ir. dé/deathach , Welsh dywy , Oscan Mefit , Polish dym , Pers. / dud , OCS дꙑмъ ( dymŭ )	Here is a list of other derivatives: Skr. धूम ( dhūma ), Old Prussian dumis, Russ. dym ( dym ), Lat. fūmus, Gm. toup/toben, Gk. θυμός ( thumos ), Toch. twe/tweye, Lith. dūmai, Ltv. dúmi, Eng. dōmian/dusk, Goth. dauns, ON daunn, Ir. de/deathach, Welsh dywy, Oscan Mefit, Polish dym, Pers. / dud, OCS dmu (dymŭ )	0
More black-on-white savagery : YouTube - Racist Black gangs are targeting White men for hate crimes in Baltimore YouTube - White Boy Beat Up Because of Slavery YouTube - 32 gangbangers arrested in hate crime roundup for targeting Whites and Latinos YouTube - Violent , racist African immigrants	More black on white wildness: YouTube - Black racist gangs target white men for hate crimes in Baltimore YouTube - The white boy fights for slavery YouTube - 32 gangbangers arrested in a roundup of hatred crimes to target whites and Latinos YouTube	1
Exactly.	More specifically.	0
Have there been any arrests ?	Was there any arrest?	0
The only Mexican in town has since moved out and kids can now leave their bicycles in the yard without fear .	The only Mexican in the city has moved since then and children can now leave their bicycles in the garden without fear.	1
Same with all of Europe after the evil yellow invasion .	It is the same with all Europe after the bad yellow invasion.	1
Re: What is happening in our schools ?	Re: What's going on in our schools?	0
Are you my White Princess ?	You are my white princess?	0
http://www.geocities.com/ireland_awa...w_design02.jpg	www.geocities.com/irland_awa...w_design02.jpg	0
Only 6 Corporations Control Over 90 % of the Television Channels These Corporations are Anti-White and are Turning Our People Into Zombies Let 's break the monopoly of news and information by supporting alternative , pro-white media like Stormfront .	While there are only six companies that control more than 90% of our TV channels, these companies are anti-white, turning our people into zombies and monopolizing news and information by supporting alternative, white-backed media like the Storm Front.	0
Good.	well to	0
One can only express sympathy to the families of those people who died regardless of whether they were protesters , police , or pro-government .	We can only express our sympathy to the families of those who died, whether they are protesters, police or pro-government.	0
The measurements given in that ad are whacked .. it says house #1 and #2 are 7,000 sq feet !	The measurement given to that ad is wrong...it says that home #1 and #2 are 7,000 square feet!	0
A nationalist white network is a really good starting point ... then we could eat in white restaurants , sell or rent our houses to white people , buy our groceries in white shops and so on	A white nationalist network is a very good starting point... so we can eat in white restaurants, sell or rent our houses to the White, buy our shops in the white shops and so on.	0
Yes, not to mention lagathas Amazonian warriors .	Not to mention the Amazonians.	0
Hopefully these video 's can wake you all up abit - [ youtube ] twHzXN3kNTs [ /youtube ] [ youtube ] DiLbAEQqrqY [ /youtube ] [ youtube ] x9QNKB34cJo [ /youtube ] [ youtube ] LZf _ Ag7SmxI [ /youtube ] Oppression and Violence ?	Let us hope these videos can awaken you all down - [ youtube ] twHzXN3kNTs [ /youtube ] [ Youtube ] DiLbAEQrqY [ /YouTube ] [ YouTube ] x9QNKB 34cJo [ / youtube ] LZf _ Ag7SmxI [ / Youtube ] Oppression and Violence?	0
I caught this on youtube , I 'm sure someone has posted this at some point on here but it deserves reiteration .	I found it on youtube, I’m sure this was posted here at some point, but it deserves a repeat.	0
Most of them do n't care either .	Most of them also don’t care.	0
It must be the Mossad or the CIA ...	It has to be Mossad or the CIA.	0
It is a testament to your child rearing skills that your boy is turning around .	It’s a testimony to your child’s upbringing skills that your child is coming back.	0
If teachers have to focus extra attention on foreigners because they cannot speak English properly , it will be the indigenous Irish students who will suffer .	If you need to focus more attention on foreigners because teachers can’t speak English properly, you’ll be indigenous Irish students who will suffer.	0
Are you shore ?	are you on the shore?	0
Everyone keep on spreading Dr. Dukes videos around the internet and we will soon win the war .	Everyone continues to spread Dr. Dukes videos across the internet and soon we will win the war.	0
He said the documentation showed the victims were sent along with several weeks of food , so they were not intended to be killed .	He said the documents showed that the victims were sent together with food for a few weeks, so they did not intend to be killed.	0
Crime will go up as well but that is another issue .	Crime will also increase, but that’s another matter.	3
NGC 1977 stretches across the field just below center , separated from NGC 1973 ( above right ) and NGC 1975 ( above left ) by dark regions laced with faint red emission from hydrogen atoms .	NGC 1977 spreads to the very bottom of the center, separated from NGC 1973 (top right) and NGC 1975 (top left) by a dark area enveloped by thin red radiation from hydrogen atoms.	0
Good to see WN is back in Limerick it might counter balance some of the bleeding hearts down here who thought it was fashionable to have ethnic diversity Badboybillx	It’s nice to see WN return to Lemerick, and it might be a fight against some of the bloody hearts here who think that having racial diversity is fashionable Badboybillx.	0
well i have no money to go over the sea neither i think we should have it all over the world on the same day for those that dont have enough money to travel that far wpww .	Well, I don’t think we should go anywhere in the world on the same day for those who don't have enough money to travel that far.	0
How many of these do I have to show you before you catch on ?	How many of them should I show you before you find yourself there?	0
Whites in Canada need to wake up and start realizing they are slowly losing their rights .	White people in Canada must wake up and begin to realize that they are slowly losing their rights.	0
So am I , I 'll let them sit there for days before I reply , even if I 'm hanging out here .	So, even if I’m hanging here, I’ll let them sit there for a few days before I answer.	0
I have been thinking about Ireland as a place to settle and refuge for the white race .	I have always considered Ireland as the settlement and refuge of the white race.	0
Or was that just a media run ...	Or is it just a means of communication?	0
After all thats happened since the end of apartheid it amazes me how whites in south africa can still look up to mandela .	After all, all this has happened since the end of apartheid, and I’m surprised that white people in South Africa can still see Mandela.	0
Then it back to getting the gun and shooting .	Then he is back to get the weapon and shoot.	0
Partly visible and partly invisible at all times , PLEs are based upon standard community organizing practices that even take into account the factor of opposition .	Partly visible and partly invisible all the time, the PLE is based on the standard community organization practice, even taking into account the opposition factors.	0
Now I get it !	And now I got it!	0
Your posting of this information is very useful !	Your post of this information is extremely useful!	0
They will vote in a conservative but when the conservative does anything conservative the marxist left label the conservative as an idiot or a racist .	They vote for Conservatives, but when the Conservative Party does something conservative, the Marxist Left makes the Conservatism stupid or racist	0
I hope this will catch on like the 14 words .	I think it would be good to use these 14 words.	0
Not that I would pick Finland though .	I don’t think I’ll choose Finland.	0
You are joining a unit that is famous for its great spirit and effectiveness at awakening our kinsmen .	You are joining a group known for their great spirit and efficiency that awaken our relatives.	0
Oh my god .	My God.	0
What do they do with them ?	What are they doing with them?	0
In 1985 she was found with a machete in her head .	In 1985, he was found with a machete on his head.	0
Number One : The white race is a biological division of the human species ( obviously ) , and to qualify as white you must have certain physical and genetic charcateristics .	Number 1: The white race is a biological separation of the human species, and to qualify as white, you need to have certain physical and genetic characteristics.	0
-------------- > An average Modern Greek without special education can understand 80 % of the original text of the New Testament written in Hellenistic Greek approximately two thousand years ago .	The average modern Greeks without special education can understand about 80% of the original text of the New Testament written in the Hellenistic Greek language about 2000 years ago.	0
I guess me and mine probably throw a bit of a curve in your math then do n't we ?	I think I and I will probably throw a little curve into your mathematics, right?	0
Yeah I know that they have been around since the 1930s and have not gotten anywhere .	Yes I know they’ve been around since the 1930s and haven’t gotten anywhere.	0
What is colour , is that ghetto fly , super dawg slang ???	What is the color, that is that the ghetto fly, super dosg slang???	0
Looks like some Jews good broken into their car and garage I just had to laugh when saw this .	It looks like a few Jews broke well in their car and garage, I just had to laugh when I saw it.	1
He should be flagged and reported. skyyjohn 's Channel - YouTube EstablishedMen.com sent me on a blind date !	Skyyjohn's Channel - YouTube EstablishedMen.com sent me to a blind date!	1
The Philippines ?	in the Philippines?	0
This is the previous edition of that textbook `` Making Europe '' Amazon.com : Making Europe : People , Politics , and Culture since 1300 ( 9780618004829 ) : Frank L. Kidner , Maria Bucur , Ralph Mathisen , Sally McKee , Theodore R. Weeks : Books Amazon.com : Making Europe : People , Politics , and Culture since 1300 ( 9780618004829 ) : Frank L. Kidner , Maria Bucur , Ralph Mathisen , Sally McKee , Theodore R. Weeks : Books when you click on the picture to `` Look Inside '' the negro pops up .	This is the previous edition of that textbook `` Making Europe `` Amazon.com : Makeing Europe : People, Politics, and Culture since 1300 ( 9780618004829 ) : Frank L. Kidner, Maria Bucur, Ralph Mathisen, Sally McKee, Theodore R. Weeks : Books Amazon.com : making Europe : people, politics, and culture since 1300.	0
Listening now .	Listen now.	0
Anyone know where i can buy one .. ? 88 Jab : soldierfn	Does anyone know where to buy it? 88 Jab : soldierfn	0
I appreciate your contributions here. have been a fan for a long time .	Thank you very much for your contributions, have been a fan for a long time.	0
Freuer Frei !	Freer is free!	0
oh dear isnt that terrible well i suppose they will just have to leave then and go somewhere they are more valued	Oh, dear, that terrible, I assume they just need to leave and then go somewhere they are more valuable.	1
A Kosher slaughter , blessed by every Rabbi under the sun .	The slaughter of Cossar, which all the rabbis bless under the sun.	1
I think I heard somewhere that they had to remove the links if they did n't want to be sued by the German government ... : /	I think I’ve heard somewhere that they had to delete the link if they don’t want to be prosecuted by the German government...	0
I always thought it would be cool if somebody covertly set off a nuke in Kashmir , and then we all could sit back and watch as the Paki 's and Indians nuke the scheiss out of each other .	I always thought it would be nice if someone secretly launched a nuclear bomb in Kashmir, and then we were all able to sit down and watch Parky and the Indians isolate each other.	1
This is the night he and I got all engaged and stuff .	This is the night in which he and I committed everything and things.	0
Where do you see a hook nose ?	Where do we see a hole nose?	0
Or a classified section for employment or contract services .	Or a section classified for employment services or contracts.	0
Alright, I 'll send my pic out only for request in a pm .	OK, I will only send my pic on request at pm.	0
Good for you !	Good to you!	0
Idiots like you fail to last when surrounded by your pets , The name of your alleged savior will be on your lips as you get `` diversified ''	A fool like you can’t keep up when surrounded by pets, and what you say the name of the Saviour will be on your lips when you get “diversified.”	0
And yes , they will steal anything from whites because they think whites owe them something , so it 's ok to steal .	And yes, they’ll steal something from the white because they think the white owes them something, so it’s okay to steal them.	1
Los Angeles County sheriff 's officials arrested 53-year-old John Ewell on Saturday night , just two days after the killings .	Officials at the Los Angeles County Sheriff arrested 53-year-old John Ewell on Saturday evening, just two days after the murders.	0
This is what we used to sing in elementary school Mine eyes have seen the glory of the burning of the school We have tortured all the teachers , we have broken every rule We are heading for the Principal with fire and torture too As we go marching on !	It was the song we sang in elementary school, my eyes saw the glory of the burning of the school, we tortured all the teachers, we broke every rule.	0
Or are the CIA and FSB on the same team ?	Or are the CIA and the FSB in the same team?	0
Click below for a FREE download of a colorfully illustrated 132 page e-book on the Zionist-engineered INTENTIONAL destruction of Western civilization .	Click below to download for free a colorful, 132-page e-book about the deliberate destruction of Zionist designs in Western civilizations.	1
This gay kill a young bulgarian man to protect some criminal brown gypsy from beating This is the true face of so-called `` anti-racist '' !	This gay defends from killing a young Bulgarian man and beating a brown Gypsy of crime This is the real face of the so-called "anti-racist"!	1
I would never homeschool my kids , or send them to public schools .	I will never send my children to home school or to public schools.	0
Try and put in WN views into your classroom .	Try and insert the WN view into your classroom.	0
This was a bad move by the Jew puppets .	It was a bad gesture of the Jewish puppet.	1
I was looking at it the other day and I realized that most kids that probably get this go through and get to check every single club on the back ... I have n't been in one club or group in school .	I was looking at it the next day, and I realized that the majority of the children who got it could check every club behind... I was not in a club or group at school.	0
I tried to click on your link and see your pictures , but there was nothing .	I tried to click on your link and see your photo, but nothing.	0
Noose	The Noise	0
I'm sure the Jews in Scandinavia dumb down the education systems there too .	I believe that the Jews in Scandinavia have also destroyed the education system.	1
I 've started asking myself that question every day , and every day it seems like I did n't do enough .	I started asking myself this question every day, and every day it seems that I didn’t do enough.	0
You could also open up the school via the internet just like the other schools have done in my area they have kids go to a class and learn via a feed from the teacher who could be hundreds or thousands of miles away .	You can also open schools via the Internet, as other schools do in my area, and children can go to classes and learn through feeds from teachers hundreds or thousands of miles away.	0
I use Feria 's Blowout Burgundy every 6 weeks ... it 's a subtle color unless I 'm right in the sun - then it 's vibrant .	I use Feria’s Blowout Burgundy every 6 weeks... It’s a subtle color except if I’m in the sunlight – it’s vibrant.	0
I'm Scottish on my mom 's side and Portuguese on my dad 's side and I live in the north of Portugal	I am Scottish on the side of my mother and Portuguese of my father and I live in northern Portugal.	0
I like the Wall idea .	I liked the wall idea.	0
Hi all , I just would like to meet white conscious people from other countries , specially girls .	Hi, I just want to meet white-conscious people from other countries, especially girls.	0
May be SF Ireland could apply to the funding , as it 's working hard to improve White racial relations in the Community ?	Could SF Ireland apply for funding as it works hard to improve white race relationships in the community?	0
90 + % of those on it are White .	90% of those who are there are white.	0
I can not call the government by an appropriate name .	I cannot call the government with a proper name.	0
The snake should be chased out again !	The serpent must be pursued again.	0
I've told some immigrants that if they did n't like it here they should just go home .	I told the immigrants, if they don’t like it here, they should just go home.	0
And they will flood into all white countries as much as they can !	And they will flood in all the white nations as much as they can!	1
Man theres been alot of stuff on the news about it. the last week weve been on the front page of the news paper 3 times and on the news every night .	Last week he has been on the first page of the newspaper 3 times and in the news every night.	0
I'm not really surprised - now going to college with blacks I can tell you they continue to behave in such a manner even in higher education .	I'm not really surprised - now I go to college with black people and can tell you that they behave in this way even at college.	1
Yes and unfortunately the Mayans were eating it well over 1,500 years ago !	Yes, and unfortunately, the Mayans had eaten it well more than 1500 years ago!	0
He is putting us into debt !	He puts us in debt.	0
Yes, I saw a news broadcast and their ethnic background was a foot note , quickly adding that this kind of abuse happens in all communities .	Yes, I watched news broadcasts and their ethnic background quickly added that this type of abuse occurs in all communities.	0
Someone Please Tell me what can be done or which people to tell that the Mexicans and or other hispanics here are undercutting price quotes on Good working People .	Someone please tell me what to do or who says Mexicans and other Spaniards here are cutting prices for people who do a good job.	1
Providing From Finland does n't kick my ass and throw me overboard ... coming or going .	Proving from Finland doesn’t hit me in the ass and throw me on the boat... come or go.	0
Typical .	The typical.	0
If English/Scottish/wherever fans refused to turn up to watch teams of coloreds representing them on the pitch things would change .	If English / Scottish / anywhere the fans refuse to see colorful teams that represent them on the stage things will change.	0
Those men were obviously so brave and fierce that they instill fear in their commie enemies even when they are dead .	They were obviously so brave and fierce that they caused fear to the dead enemies.	0
I have seen a picture of a non-White Soviet Soldier in Berlin after the fall .	I saw a picture of a non-white Soviet soldier in Berlin.	0
I do n't hate Asians , I respect Asians .	I don't hate Asian people, I respect Asian people.	0
Sadly that is what happens when you dumb down a society and make everything sexual.Not even innocent animals are out of the question for these sickos .	Unfortunately, that’s what happens when a society is broken down and everything is sexually done.Not even innocent animals are out of the issue for these sick.	1
Trigonometry http://www.pinkmonkey.com/coreconcep...jects/trig.htmCoreConceptshttp://www.catcode.com/trig/FAQaboutTrigonometryhttp://www.ping.be/~ping1339/gonio.htmIntroductiontoTrigonometryhttp://www.acts.tinet.ie/trigonometry_645.htmlAsimpleonlineTrigcourseforum.swarthmore.edu/workshops/usi/pascal Pascal 's Triangle http://www.sosmath.com/trig/trig.htmlS.O.S.Mathematicshttp://score.kings.k12.ca.us/trigonometry.html Collection of lesson plans for California math students .	Trigonometry http://www.pinkmonkey.com/coreconcep...jects/trig.htmCoreConceptshttp://www,catcode.com /trig/FAQaboutTrigonometrihttp:// www.ping.be/~ping1339/gonio.htmIntroductiontoTrigometryhttp://ww.acts.tinet.ie/trigonometrie_645.htmlAsimpleonlineTrigcourseforum.swarthmore.edu/workshops/usi/pascal Pascal's Triangle http:// www,sosmath.com	0
... Why is Flint so violent ?	Why is Flint such a violent one?	0
IV .	It is IV.	2
Has been in the wife 's family since it was brand new , original owner used it until the stock split and the checkering was worn down to faint traces on the wood surface .	It had been in the family of my wife since the new, and the owner used it until the stock was split and the checking was worn on weak traces on the wooden surface.	0
Sometimes Europeans all look alike .	Sometimes all Europeans look the same.	0
That's why people have more than one haplogroup again they mark genetic ancestry no one on the planet nowadays only has one ancestor	That’s why people have more than one haplogroup yet once they mark the genetic origin no one on the planet today has only one ancestor	0
I see so many BM/WF around my city its not even funny .	I see a lot of BM/WFs around my city that aren’t even fun.	1
What about FMJ ( Full Metal Jacket ) bullet ?	What is the FMJ (Full Metal Jacket) Bullet?	0
I honestly dont understand ukip sometimes they look like labour but on the other hand like the torys .	I honestly don’t understand ukip sometimes they look like work, but on the other hand they seem like tory.	0
It keeps it simple .	It makes it simple.	0
Mexicans have plenty of open space in their countries to develop they do n't need ours .	The Mexicans have a lot of open spaces in their country to develop and they don’t need us.	1
There is no good in reasoning a bitch that is hungry for a dick.Forget her and let her perish in shame after negroid kicks her after a few tries .	It's not good to discuss a hungry prostitute in the ass.Forget her and make her shameful after a black man has tried a few times to beat her	1
It seems that what they are trying to say is that if you are white you are in the wrong place at the wrong time anywhere in the World .	What they are trying to say is that if you are white, you are in the wrong place anywhere in the world at the wrong time.	0
Not fun .	No fun.	0
Hell to have a teacher like this .	It is a shame to have such a teacher.	1
The ability to run really quietly and lots of chloroform .	Be able to work really quietly and a lot of chlorine form.	0
Just wondered if there was anything cool to check out .	I wonder if there is something cool to check out.	0
They probably slowly remove discipline do whatever they can to make the schools worse and worse .	They will probably slowly remove discipline from anything they can do to try to make school worse.	1
Custom carbine AR ( one of mine will do ) 2 .	Customized Carbon AR (one of me will do) 2.	0
There are quite a few books on Alexander - no need to torture the brain cells trying to decipher someone 's really bad writing .	There are a few books about Alexander - there is no need to torture brain cells trying to analyze someone's really bad writing.	0
Hundreds of millions White people have !	There are millions of white people!	0
Hello Oleg If I did not know I would have thought it is a picture of one of our boer families here in south africa : - ) regards joe	Hello Oleg If I didn't know I would have thought it's an image of one of our families boer here in South Africa : - ) looking at joe	0
In light of this it 's now wonder Hitler was considered a champion of the German people .	In this context, it is now surprising that Hitler was regarded as the champion of the German people.	0
Maybe it could be used as some sort of gathering spot for WN .	It can be used as a type of meeting place for WN.	0
Oh Chrommagus , we are so lucky that you did not destroy this `` gypsy capital of Sofia '' , ( Whatever it means ) I wo n't argue anymore , I discovered that Coldblooded is 15 years old specialist of racial classifications , if he told me that I ca n't post in Slavic thread .. he might be right Big authority .	Oh Chrommagus, we’re so happy that you haven’t destroyed this “Gypsy capital of Sofia” (in any case) I don’t talk anymore, I discovered that Coldblooded is a 15-year racial classification specialist, if he told me I didn’t post in the slave thread... he might be right.	0
They are scared of Nationalism between the whites. ( and should be )	They are afraid of nationalism among white people (and it must be).	0
Restrictions on basketball hoops in Wickliffe , Willowick parks curb complaints , but some players are n't happy - Cleveland.com City puts out curfew of 5pm , and puts steering wheel locks on city park Basketball hoops to curb TNB .	Restrictions on basketball hopes at Wickliffe, Willowick Park limit complaints, but some players are not happy - Cleveland.com City puts a wheelchair lock on the City Park Basketball Hopes to remove the boundary at 5 p.m. and restrict TNB.	0
Great show !	Very good show!	0
Demarco Harris , a 13-year-old black boy , murders a 24-year-old woman sitting in her car , and tells the court he was forced to do it .	Demarco Harris, a 13 year old black boy, kills a 24-year-old woman sitting in his car, and tells the court that he was forced to do so.	0
They make you want to go out and reach people .	It makes you want to go outside and reach out to people.	0
I do n't think we want to throw them under a bus but they certainly are stealing our livelihoods and forcing up our rents and house prices .	I don’t think we want to throw them under the bus, but they’re definitely stealing our reserve of life and forcing our rent and housing prices.	1
I just moved back here from sask. And do n't know many people .	I just came back from here from Saskatchewan. and I don't know a lot of people.	0
He was one of the greatest men to ever draw breath on this planet .	He was one of the greatest people to have breathed on this planet.	0
I saw on the news that one can buy an AK47 for seven US dollars .	I saw in the news that a person could buy an AK47 for $7.	0
Mr.Ollsson,has it occurred to you that the only reason the nordic women you are so fond of are so attractive is because their fathers were smarter than yours.Think about it !	Mr. Olsson, the only reason the Nordic women you like are attractive is because their father was smarter than your father.	0
I do n't know if that is true .	I do not know if this is true.	0
When the tea party people have a event and very few minorities show up its the White tea party people who are racist .	When the people of the tea party organize an event and the minorities show the event, the white tea party people are racist.	0
You mean us white taxpayers gotta pay for this , too ?	Do you think we white taxpayers should pay for it?	0
Id love to live in that Ontario .	I like to live in Ontario.	3
Thanks everyone !	Thank you all!	0
Hope fully `` Next year in Jerusalem '' as they say .	I hope we will be in Jerusalem next year, as they say.	0
BAH!!Your not ugly your a lovely looking woman and if you want to see ugly wait till I get my ugly mug on here and see why im still single !	Your not ugly woman looks beautiful and if you want to see ugly wait until I have my ugly mug in here and see why im still single!	0
How about matchbooks ?	And what about Matchbooks?	0
Police investigating hate crime at Toronto home | CTV Toronto News	Police investigate hate crimes in Toronto, CTV Toronto News	0
But a healthy male can not get away with shooting a person in public because he gets shoved or thinks hes going to get punched .	However, a healthy man could not escape by shooting in public because he was pushed, or thought he would be beaten.	0
Black ' females ' fighting with black police in Harlem after the officers try to ticket them for skipping their fares .	After black women fight black police in Harlem and police officers try to give them a ticket.	0
I had a good time with my kid .	I had a wonderful time with my kids.	0
You Anglo-Americans are all welcome to England if you can perform the ' small ' task of riding London of it 's ethnics !	You English-American people are welcome to the UK, if you can complete the "small" mission of riding the London nation!	1
Do n't pay much attention to me , though .	Do not pay too much attention, however.	0
Unless I 'm looking at the wrong pictures , Ari looks more White than the Crown Prince , and looks more nordic than his wife .	Unless I looked at the picture wrong, Ali looked more white than the prince, and more Nordic than his wife.	0
Nonwhite immigration regardless of if it 's legal or not still results in the destruction of white countries and communities .	Non-white immigration, whether or not it is legal, still leads to the destruction of white nations and communities.	0
Imagine a steel cage battle royal match at Wrestlemania and multiply the carnage a 1,000,000 times and that is what you get .	Imagine the royal game of Steel Cage War in Wrestlemania and double the massacre to 10,000 times, that’s what you get.	3
Solution walkie talkies that take double a batteries .	A conversation solution that takes a battery twice.	0
As for a white person being of wholly or mostly of European descent Im not so sure of that .	As for the whole or most of the white people being from Europe, I am not so sure about it.	0
unfortunately the jew controlled government will never allow this labeling every attempt for this `` racist '' even though there are hundreds of negro exclusive schools around this country .	Unfortunately, the Jewish-controlled government will never allow such a mark as “racism” every attempt, even if there are hundreds of black-exclusive schools in the country.	0
You find they are worse since they will able to blend more and fool people into thinking they 're genuine .	You’ll find them worse because they’ll be able to mix more and deceive people to think they’re real.	1
when I was a little kid I used to be in this school and somehow i spoke to this jew. this dude got a narcissistic laugh out of every blonde joke. his favorite was when the blond went to donate semen by using her mouth as container. sad but it 's blonds fault also to let this happen .	I was in this school when I was young and somehow I talked to this Jew.This guy got narcissistic laughter from all the blonde jokes. His favorite was when the blonde went to donate sperm using her mouth as a container.	1
You gotta give him a chance at least or move to cleveland and then well talk lol always looking for a wp girl .	You have to give him at least one chance, or move to Cleveland, and then talk well, always looking for a WP girl.	0
I'm looking for a good book on the terror laid down by Stalin upon his own people , preferably from a nationalist or at least neutral perspective .	I am looking for a good book about the terror Stalin imposed on his people, preferably from a nationalist or at least neutral perspective.	0
I am in agreeance with you about this haven being a great place to speak out and vent the anger we get from living in Zogworld .	I agree with you that this port is a great place to express yourself and escape the anger we have from living in Zogworld	1
You can clearly see in this video they want the white women to look dumb and crazy , whille the asian man looks intelligent and content .	You can clearly see in this video they want white women to look stupid and mad, but Asian men look smart and satisfied	3
Also if they get fed up with multiculturalism they at least have a country they can go back to which is set up just for their race .	Furthermore, if they are tired of multiculturalism, at least they have one country to return to which it has been established only for their race.	0
I am searching books and film to teach with this coming year .	I'm looking for books and movies to teach this year.	0
I like both of these genres and will have to put Lovecraft on my list of authors/books to read .	I love these two genres and I’m going to have to put Lovecraft on my list of authors/books to read.	0
I think that the Inuits were the premier reason for the disappearance of the Nordic people .	I believe that the Inuit are the main cause of the extinction of the people of the Nordic countries.	0
white single girl looking for a guy within the state of California ( hopfully someone near or in the city of Los Angeles ) .	A white single girl looking for a guy within California (hopefully someone near or in Los Angeles)	0
Good choice in the XD .	A good choice for XD.	0
It has become unbearable and is seriously changing me as a person watching my country be decimated .	It has become unbearable and is changing me seriously as a person who sees my country is decimated.	1
This is not good even though it is the truth .	This is not good, although it is the truth.	0
When `` Kursk '' was sunken in august of 2000 , we all heard during the first days , that the radio link with sub is already established , as well as oxygen sypply link .	When "Kursk" sank in August 2000, we all heard in the first few days that the radio connection to the underground was already established, as well as the oxygen supply.	0
Lack of compassion seems to go hand and hand with lack the of White blood .	The lack of compassion appears to go hand in hand with the lack of white blood.	1
Trudeau Senior got us into that mess .	Trudeau Senior has led us to that confusion.	0
The sooner we acknowledge eachother in local areas and band together as a unit the sooner we become a strong white nation again .	The more we recognize each other in the region and bind together as a single unit, the sooner we will become a strong white nation.	0
But normally I long for cold weather .	I usually like cold weather.	0
Being a smaller country , Ireland will quicker fill up with ethnic scum .	As a small country, Ireland will be more rapidly filled with ethnic fraud.	1
I have always had the best results when I have teachers that are like me .	I always have the best results when I have a teacher like me.	0
yes I was on his call list there at the hospital since I was down there I had to be to get in touch with him for the plummer and for anything else I needed from him as soon as I talk to him at the jail I will let you all know. or if you want to leave a message for him you can just pm me and ill give you the number and you can ask him your self	Yes, I was there because I was on his phone list in the hospital, and I had to contact him for everything I needed from him immediately when I was talking to him in jail.Or if you want to leave a message to him, you can just call me and give you a number if he’s sick.	0
Yah it is sad to see and if the Irish dont quash it soon the last of the Kelts will be gone from the world .	It is sad to see that if the Irish did not destroy it, the last Celts would soon leave the world.	0
However , in per-capita rates , U.S. legal immigration is at about 3 per 1,000 annually , while for Canada it 's about 7 .	However, as a percentage per population, the legal immigration in the United States is about 3 per 1,000 per year, and in Canada is about 7.	0
Children of Germany : more at Kinder Deutschlands | Alle Inhalte | DW.DE | 04.06.2014 Text says she is from Portugal , but looks racially mixed .	German Children : More in Kinder Deutschlands, Alle Inhalte, DW.DE, 04.06.2014 The text says she comes from Portugal but looks mixed.	0
I think I 'll get me a couple of these things .	I think I will get some of these things.	0
...You did n't build that .	You didn't build that.	0
POLICE ARREST MOORE STREET , DUBLIN CITY CENTRE - 1 - YouTube http://www.youtube.com/watch ? v = LY-6O4ChVA8 Wait till the blacks riot and and attack cops i give a few years and they will be full scale black riots in Ireland .	Police arrest Moore Street, Dublin City Center - 1 - YouTube http://www.youtube.com/watch? v = LY-6O4ChVA8 waiting for the Black Rebellion and attack police I gave a few years, they will be a full-scale black rebellion in Ireland.	1
Note!	Please pay attention.	0
Sounds like when I was down in Collier County last summer .	It sounds like I had arrived in Collier County last summer.	0
The comparison between the Belgian and `` American '' school is revealing .	The comparison between Belgian and “American” schools is revealing.	0
I stopped going to Burger King three years ago when I got food poisoning from one of their restaurants .	I stopped going to the hamburger king three years ago when I got food poisoned from their restaurant.	0
88 In the end is victory	88 The victory is at the end.	0
Relationships are highly overrated I think Hang tough .	Relationships are heavily overestimated, I think it’s hard.	0
You might want to phone your favorite radio show host Alex Jones and educate him about the bankers .	You may want to call your favorite radio show host, Alex Jones, and educate him about the bankers.	0
Sorry that you were unaware .	Sorry, but you did not realize.	0
I think East Indians may be considered white too because on the census Asian means Oriental as Asia is a HUGE continent .	I think the East Indians may also be considered white, because in the review, Asia means the East, Asia is a great continent.	0
I am a huge football fan but there is no way in hell I would go to South Africa this year , not even if somebody paid me 10 grand to go .	I'm a huge football fan, but there's no way to hell I've gone to South Africa this year, even if someone paid me £10 to go.	0
Great image of the Jew as a poisonous mushroom .	A great image of the Jew like a toxic fungus.	1
Actually I never had too many women until I became a white nationalist .	In fact, I didn’t have so many women until I became a white nationalist.	0
Thank you to whoever set up this site and to you for linking it !	Thank you to everyone who created this site and linked it to you!	0
YouTube	on YouTube.	0
( The Jews had the Romans murder Jesus for them by falsely accusing Jesus and by turning down a chance to pardon Jesus .	(The Jews had the Romans killed Jesus because they wrongly accused Jesus and refused an opportunity to forgive Jesus.)	1
Pakkis is common slang nickname for arabs in general , with a original link to Pakistani immigrants .	Pakkis is a common name for Arabs in general, with an original link with Pakistani immigrants.	0
Funny they had to go to 2006 to find anti-PLE sentiment for a 2011 news story.How was that a current news topic , lol ?	Funny they had to go to 2006 to find the anti-PLE feeling for a news story of 2011.	0
Ask around you will find the info .	Asking around you, you will find information.	0
Well you 're wishing for the majority of white people in Britain to have their children burn in front of them and watch their flesh melt off of their bodies .	Well, you want most white people in the UK to see their children burn in front of them and see their bodies melt.	0
He should sue for racism .	He must be prosecuted for racism.	0
Where is Bernard Goetz when you need him ?	Where is Bernardo Goetz when we need him?	0
More expansive testing and kids .	More advanced tests and children.	0
Welcome to SF Britain great white brit I must say the influx of new members so far this month is very good news .	Welcome to SF UK Great White UK I have to say that so far the influx of new members this month is very good news.	0
Check out our web site at www.anu.org.	Check out our website at www.nu.org.	0
Shame on those white Germans to be born to like their own race the most .	It is a shame that these white Germans are born to love their own race most.	0
I must fall under the Alpine grouping as well .	I also have to be in the Alpine group.	0
I can always use some hands around the place .	I can always use a few hands around the site.	0
When I have the five children I wish to have , every Sunday I will read for then Mein Kampf , my bible I am not kidding .	When I have five children I want, I’ll read Mein Kampf, my Bible, every Sunday.	0
It is the best paper in the movement .	It's the best paper of the movement.	0
Stormfront should try to create a larger protest in Defense of Ed Steele .	Stormfront should try to create a larger protest to defend Ed Steele.	0
...mating with other mulattos would be ideal , but since there are n't huge numbers of mulatto children compared to those of Whites or blacks I 'd rather see them up with blacks so that White bloodlines stay intact .	Matching with other children would be ideal, but since the number of children is not huge compared to white or black, I’d rather see them match with black so that white bloodlines remain intact.	1
hey remember the Japanese where on the Good side during WW2 on a light note , ya , I can be idolized and all my coworkers , we are all heroes ready to build the next rail gun cannons that will power WW3	Hi, remember Japanese in the good side during WW2, yeah, I can be idolized, and all of my colleagues, we are the hero who is ready to build the next railway weapon WW3 power.	0
Heart diseases - around 100000 per year .	Heart disease: about 100,000 per year.	0
He 's a petty celebrity , so it 's worth some attention .	It is a small celebrity, so it deserves attention.	0
Once when I was a kid and a couple itmes in fights	When I was a child, the couple fought in battle.	0
Hail Imperium Europae !	Cheers to the European Empire!	0
And that small group , properly radicalized , is the target audience of our propaganda efforts and shall be the nucleus of the new order of the ages	And this small group, appropriately radicalized, will be the target audience of our propaganda activities and will be at the heart of the new order of the era.	0
I guess how it works is you just pay the six weeks up front and the classes run so many times a week for that time period	I suppose the way this works is that you only pay the six weeks in advance and the courses run as many times a week during that time.	0
Its all very sad .	All of it is very sad.	0
Perhaps four or five percent of all humans are driving the progress of our civilization , the rest are supporting that civilization so that the bright ones can do their work .	Per four to five percent of all human beings are moving the progress of our civilization, but the rest are supporting its civilization so that the bright people do their work.	0
In Africa it is traditional to have lots of children and they bring that with them to Europe .	In Africa it is a tradition to have many children, and they are brought with them to Europe.	0
By per capita take-ins , Norway was the worst in 2001 , but apparently the Norwegians cracked down in 2004 and they 're now lower than Sweden 's rate .	According to the per capita consignation, Norway was the worst in 2001, but obviously the Norwegians collapsed in 2004, and they are now lower than the rate in Sweden.	0
The moderation is so slow that this board is borderline trash .	Moderation is so slow that this panel is borderline garbage.	0
Still like to watch the old Big Match Revisited programmes from 30 years ago showing on ITV4 .	I still like watching the old Big Match Revisited programs from 30 years ago that are shown on ITV4.	0
The agency that designed that advert is calle ' milmilk `` milk = leche in Spanish , and '' milleches `` is how the street dogs that are a mixed of different races are called in spanish .	The agency that designed this ad was Calle'milmilk "milk = leche in Spanish, and'milleches' is the way street dogs are called in Spain, a mixture of different dog breeds.	0
Those in the countries you mentioned are the mongrel offspring between whites ( Aryans ) and Arabs and its funny how those of the East who claim to be the Aryans talk about white people who came and mixed with them and the only Aryans apparently in the East are those with light skin and blue eyes .	The people in the country you mentioned are the descendants of the Mongolians between the white (Arian) and the Arabs, and those who claim to be the Arians from the east come with them and talk about the mixed white and the only Arians in the East are those with bright skin and blue eyes.	1
American Media appears to have a blackout on these developments .	The U.S. media seems to have a blockade on these developments.	0
What the Hell is wrong with you people ?	What is Hell wrong with you?	0
Keep it up and spread the word .	Keep it up, and spread this word.	0
2 packs a day @ $ 10 is $ 300 a month and over $ 3000 a year .	2 packs @ $10 a day is $300 a month and more than $3,000 a year.	0
Hungarians , Finns , Latvians ... even a few hapless German-speaking Swiss and French Alsatians were interned . The story of Costa Rica 's forgotten World War II internment camp - The Tico Times	Hungarians, Finns, Latvians... Even a few unfortunate German speakers, Swiss and French Alzazians, were imprisoned.	0
I think the most sickening part of this mess is that there will be no closure but instead a dead dog being dragged around infecting people .	I think the most painful part of this mess is that there is no closure, and instead dead dogs are infecting people.	0
The difference is that we could have done this without blacks .	The difference is that we can do this without black people.	0
hey, hows are you i live in georgia , if you wanna talk just P.M. me like to talk to you. maybe ill see you in POWDERLY , KY for NORDICFEST .	Hi, I live in Georgia and if you want to talk, I like to talk to you, maybe not like to meet you at POWDERLY, KY’s NORDICFEST.	0
Just watched the first few minutes of the video and will finish when I wake up .	I just watched the first minutes of the video and it will be over when I wake up.	0
Slavic peoples make up some 34 % of European population .	The Slavic peoples represent approximately 34% of the European population.	0
Most probably the next generation Whites wont have much difference from the native population !	It is most likely that the next generation of white people will not be very different from the indigenous population!	0
Another songwriter encouraged many more people to come : `` If you 're going to San Francisco , be sure to wear a flower in your hair . ''	Another singer encourages more people to come: “If you’re going to San Francisco, make sure you wear a flower on your hair.”	0
History Today had a good write up about it.They pointed out that the left wing writers and historians have twisted the actual events to their favour .	They have pointed out that the writers and historians of the left have distorted the real events in their favor.	0
The religious aspect does n't have anything to do with it and catholicism is largely brown church	The religious aspect has nothing to do with it, and Catholicism is mostly a brown church.	0
I'm on yer side .	I am on the ground.	0
God 's own divine intervention , aided by Jewish money swindled from the goyim .	The divine intervention of God, assisted by Jewish money, was deceived by the Goyim.	1
That 's their real contribution to society , misery and dependence .	That is their true contribution to society, poverty and dependence.	1
Well your more than welcome too move out here from where ever your at .	Well, you are more than welcome here, from wherever you go.	0
I would like to say a very warm welcome to all our new members ... just working my way through each of your intro posts	I want to say a very warm welcome to all new members... just work my way through each of your entry posts.	0
Raise those children to not be race traitors and instill good values in them .	Educate those children so that they are not racial traitors and instill them good values.	0
- YouTube Here is the same video on the guy 's FB page .	- YouTube Here's the same video on the guy's FB page.	0
I think we can learn from the mistakes of the past.No one is perfect so no one can have total power .	We believe that we can learn from past mistakes.No one is perfect, so no one can have complete power.	0
That is tall for a lassigie .	This is very high for a Rashid.	0
I have never been called a Nazi before .	I’ve never been called Nazis before.	0
Humans and negroes use restaurants in entirely different ways .	Humans and black people use restaurants in completely different ways.	1
Hi I just popped in for a minute to say a quick ' Hello ' to The Gamekeeper from a friend in Belfast .	Hi, I just took a minute to say a quick "Hello" to The Gamekeeper from a friend in Belfast.	0
And the dream would become a reality with a PLE ( aka Stormfront of the street ) .	And the dream will become reality with PLE (or street storm front).	0
And thanks to a great mother her son will grow up to be a proud white man Btw is that the famous cat from hell	And thanks to a wonderful mother her son will grow up to be a proud white man.	0
WHO ARE THEY ?	Who are them?	0
http://prudentbear.com/index.php/com ... y ? art _ id = 10187	HTTP://prudentbear.com/index.php.com... y? art _ id = 10186	0
you gotta stand up for yourself you cant just sit back and take their * * * * but on the other hand you cant go out looking for it either but if it comes down to a fight dont back down	You have to get up on your own You can’t sit down and take your * * * but on the other hand you can't go out to look for it, but if you reduce it to a fight you shouldn't back down.	0
The are quite frankly nothing now .	It is no longer really anything now.	0
I thought I 'd add some of my babies to the thread The iguana is a recent rescue from someone who could n't care for her .	I thought I would add some of my babies to the slope The iguana is a recent help from someone who couldn’t take care of	0
I think it 's tag team trolling .	I think it is Tim Trolling.	0
Aimee	Amy is	0
`` Karogs sarkanbalti sarkans , miru os un dzīvos klāj , pretī sarkanajam mērim , nāves sardzē latviet 's stāj ! ''	“Karogs sarkanbalti sarkans, see you a dzīvos klāj, pretī sarkanajam mērim, nāves sardzē latviets stāj!”	2
Most of the info on this site is out of date but it has some interesting information on the groups/orgs that have come and gone over the years .	Most of the information on this site is outdated, but it has interesting information about groups/organisations that have come and go over the years.	0
I am a white female and I am proud of my race. and dating a black would be disgusting	I am a white woman and I'm proud of my race and dating a black would be disgusting.	1
He's 6 ' 4 too .	He is also 6 and 4.	0
I was going to say - before you added that last line - they look like a bunch of frightened monkeys with guns ....	I wanted to say—before you added this last line—they look like a series of scared monkeys with weapons.	1
We spent our time trying to get our Negroes to learn how to read .	We spent time trying to help our black people learn how to read.	1
There should be the death penalty for anyone involved in human trafficking , forced prostitution or anyone involving children .	The death penalty should be given to anyone who is involved in human trafficking, forced prostitution, or children.	0
Sun releases massive solar flare - NASA video - YouTube slideshow from cnn Huge solar flares light up for NASA cameras - CNN.com Could solar flare on Friday the 13th knock out phones and GPS devices ? | Mail Online	The sun releases a huge solar blast - NASA video - CNN's YouTube Slideshow The enormous solar blasts light up for NASA cameras - CNN.com Can the sun blast on Friday, September 13?	0
I love my big dog ...	I loved my big dog.	0
i've felt anger when i 've read it on forum , but we have to do our part and speaking at loud voice this fact , because , for example , i 'm from europe and this fact is not pased on tv news or in the news paper ... knows your enemies is the first pass for vicory on them !	I felt angry when I read it on the forum, but we have to do our part and speak loudly this fact, because, for example, I am from Europe and this fact does not happen in the news of the television or the news newspaper... You know that your enemies are the first step by vicory on them!	1
Green Eyes are beautiful My grandfather has Green eyes , ( grandmother had brown ) My parents got Brown eyes So I also have brown .	My grandfather had green eyes (my grandmother was brown) My parents had brown eyes, so I also had a brown.	0
No, I do n't Promote Nordic Superiority .	No, I am not in favor of Nordic superiority.	0
The Juden never stop with the race mixing yet they do n't want it for themselves .......	The Jews will never stop mixing races, but they do not want it for themselves.	1
Restaurant Skadarlija `` Tri sesira '' Restaurant - Summer Skadarlija ..	Restaurant Skadarlija “Tri sesira” Restaurant - Summer Skadarilija..	0
I looked up his mothers maiden name and it 's Dunham according to my sources .	I saw the name of his mother's Maiden and it's Dunham according to my source.	0
`` Nargaroth - The Day Burzum Killed Mayhem '' heheh ) either though * shrug * Scandinavia really is a black metal heaven but there 're many great bands on the outside which too are a Pride of their countries 11	"Nargaroth - The Day Burzum Killed Mayhem" heheh) Both * shrug * Scandinavia is indeed a black metal paradise, but there are a lot of great bands out there that are also the pride of their country 11	0
As fast as nature is trying to thin them out , our country is undoing the work .	Just as nature tries to thin them, our country is ignoring it.	0
Our country is being over run and people let it happen just because the political issue here seens to take over the racial one .	Our country is running too far, because people only seem to think that political issues take over racial issues.	0
You 're telling me that there 's something we Swedes have done right ?	Are you telling me there is something that we, the Swedes, have done well?	0
News	news is	0
- White GeNOcide Project	The white genocide	1
As early as 1973 , they tried to hand Northern Ireland directly to Dublin .	In 1973, they attempted to deliver Northern Ireland directly to Dublin.	0
The parents of these girls have nothing to say about this ?!?	The parents of these girls do not have anything to say about this???	0
Firestorm of Star Birth in Galaxy Centaurus A Resembling looming rain clouds on a stormy day , dark lanes of dust crisscross the giant elliptical galaxy Centaurus A.	A Star-Born Fire Storm in the Centaurus Galaxy A dark path of dust, similar to a rainy cloud shining on a stormy day, crosses the giant elliptical galaxy Kentaurus A	0
Amen brother ..... you did say it like you been there ... they talk crap and if you show fear they 'll be on ya fast .	“Amen Brother... They said it as if you were there... they’re talking, and if you’re afraid, they’ll be fast.	0
Those same documents also revealed that there were only 360,000 inmates ever in Auschwitz , total , from the time it opened until it closed .	The same documents also revealed that there had ever been only 360,000 prisoners in Auschwitz, in total, from its opening until its closure.	0
Where are there Morals ?	Where is the morality?	0
1 .	The 1.	0
That's a shame I bought their home school publication years back .	It was a shame that I bought their home school publications a few years ago.	0
i think some of you are a bit wrong on this one since Our Race Is Our Nation when will you learn ?	I think some of you are a little wrong about this, because our competition is our country, when will you learn?	0
She had 7 other kids living in the apartment .	She has seven other children living in the apartment.	0
Yes, but it is very difficult to obtain firearms in New York City .	Yes, but getting guns in New York City is very difficult.	0
He 's gone .	He has left.	0
At least they picked an appropriate name ... it seems like they are a bunch of kooks .	At least they chose the right names... it looks like they’re a bunch of cookies.	0
Shame on you for using such an ignorant and laughable argument .	It is a shame for you to use such an ignorant and ridiculous argument.	0
I 'll be moving back soon !	I am going to move back soon!	0
put the kids in a ophanage and arrest the whore of a mother to a point of not having more biracial kids 8 kids have to suffer all their lives to due a whore	Harass children and arrest the mother’s prostitute so that there are no more conscientious children 8 children must suffer a lifetime of suffering because of the prostitute.	1
There was no question at any time that they may have some mud in the blood .	There was no doubt at any time that they could have any mud in their blood.	0
Thanks for posting .	Thank you for posting.	0
Also shoot a Lyman Great Plains .54 , patched lead round ball over bulk FFg , fired by a #11 cap .	He also shot Lyman Great Plains.54, rounded the ball on the mass FFg, and shot #11 cap.	0
It's as if these people were like this all along , and it was only white civilization and moral nature that kept them in check .	It is as if these people were so all the time, and only the white civilization and moral nature would keep them in control.	0
The child abusing teacher was Wendy Portillo .	The teacher who abused children was Wendy Portillo.	0
I never met any here in London .	I have never met anybody here in London.	0
There was no healing possible. they stayed several days in the water until one evening the authorities told the families to say good bye to their loved ones and leave. then they gave the last mercy to the victims	They stayed in the water for several days until one night the authorities told the family to say goodbye to their loved ones and then gave the victims their final pity.	0
So, even though the study was based upon the differences between every individual , they found enough data to conclude that specific races do indeed have different genetical coding ...... almost by accident .	Thus, while the study was based on differences in each individual, they found enough data to conclude that a particular race actually has different genetic coding.	0
Jackson is black ; his two victims were white .	Jackson is black; two of his victims were white.	0
Rusya is typical Hutsul 's girl .	Russia is a typical Hutsul's girl.	0
Perhaps you should x2 the number of mods so this pathetic situation can be fixed .	Maybe you should x2 the number of mods to fix this pathetic situation.	0
Sword will dispatch them rather handily .	The swords will deliver them quite conveniently.	0
Being Youth is a great way to learn a lot about the Bible and the movement .	Being Young is a great way to learn much about the Bible and the movement.	0
looking for a white only female for friendship or more .must have strong moral background and a sound beleif in the white race.lets talk .	You are looking for only white women for friendship, or more, you need to have a strong moral background and the understanding of the voice of the White Race.	0
What gets me is in absolutely no way would I behave in such a fashion in a foreign country , that is totally disrespectful .	What made me feel is that there was absolutely no way I would be in this way in a foreign country, which was completely disrespectful.	0
Show that your children would be in danger going to trash-schools .	Show that your child is at risk of going to garbage school.	0
Am told I look like the Wrestler Stone Cold Steve Austin .	I was told I looked like Steve Austin’s Stone Cold Wrestler.	0
Absolute madness .	Absolutely madness.	0
Millions of them coming over will push our already-struggling infrastructure past breaking point .	The passing of millions of them is pushing our already struggling infrastructure to a decline.	0
I would like to knock a lot of people 's heads together but I only have two hands !!!	I want to hit a lot of people's heads, but I have only two hands!!!	0
Hello, I just joined too .	Hello I just joined, too.	0
The large White families are so beautiful to behold .	Big white families are so beautiful to look at.	0
More negro savagery : YouTube - Detroit : 3 Black Males Murder pregnant white woman .	More Black Wild: YouTube - Detroit: 3 black men murder pregnant white women.	1
When I first saw that movie and first saw her I was actually disgusted .	When I saw this movie for the first time, I was really disgusted.	0
I seen Chingford do Dirty Bastard UGH what a horrible cover ..	I saw Chingford Do Dirty Bastard UGH, which was a terrible cover..	0
2508	of 508.	0
New upcoming documentary/movie about arrival of Slavic tribe of Croats on present day Croatia , and get 's us through period of medieval Croatia .	New upcoming documentary / film about the arrival of the Croatian Slavic tribes in today's Croatia and through the period of medieval Croatia	0
Are there any sources that state that it was Trotsky who reiceived the money and was responsible for destruction of Black Hundreds , as opposed to Lenin or another Bolshevik leader ?	Is there any source saying that Trotsky was the one who took back the money, responsible for destroying the black people a hundred percent, against Lenin or other Bolshevik leaders?	0
It will be Iran war this time .	This time it is the Iran war.	0
Feel free to join !!	Feel free to participate!!	0
Nordic is a sub race that an Anglo Saxon or Celtic person could and more than likely does belong to .	The Nordic is a subrace to which an Anglo-Saxon or Celtic can and is more likely to belong.	0
I love it .	I like it.	0
Love how the ape loses so starts going on about how he 's going to shoot him .	The monkey loves what is lost, so he begins to talk about how he will shoot him.	1
Just ran across this letter from Finland written by a non-racist .	I just saw this letter from a non-racist from Finland.	0
I repped yez but must spread it around before ...	I’ve just made it, but I have to spread it before I...	0
The media is reluctantly covering this , surely not with the same intensity as when the criminal Brown was killed in Ferguson .	The media has covered this with impatience, but it was not the same intensity as when the criminal Brown was killed in Ferguson.	0
The French and Russians should speak their own native languages , but French and Russian schoolchildren should learn German at school instead of English .	French and Russians should speak their native languages, but French and Russian students should learn German instead of English at school.	0
Some of the kids threw a DESK out of a third floor window onto a teacher and broke his arm .	Some of the children threw a desk at the teacher from the third floor window and broke their arms.	0
I dont even have any mood of going anywhere else than the stadium for some excersize and then back home .	I don’t even have the mood to go anywhere other than to the stadium to practice something and then go home.	0
No the truth 88-----WHITE POWER------WHITE VICTORY------WHITE PRIDE-----88	88 - White power - White victory - White pride - 88	1
EU apology for ' racist ' pro-diversity ad - YouTube	EU apologizes for ‘racist’ advertising in favor of diversity	0
I listen to a lot of metal so , yeah , we call this `` clean '' lol !	I’m listening to a lot of metals so, yes, we call it ‘clean’ lol!	0
20 + is needed .	20+ are needed.	0
http://www.guardian.co.uk/print/0,,3...117780,00.html Executive summary : the negroes never domesticated any plants or animals .	HTTP://www.guardian.co.uk/print/0,3,3...117780,00.html Detailed summary : The Negro have never domesticated plants or animals.	0
I would be curious to know where in Missouri you can get a house that cheap ???	I wonder where in Missouri can you find such a cheap house???	0
I can picture the headlines on Detroit is Crap .	I can imagine the headlines on Detroit's Crap.	0
Good luck !	Have good luck!	0
The people you surround yourself with are another source of brainwashing .	The people with whom you surround yourself are another source of brainwash.	0
Yes, precisely !!	Yes, that is exactly!	0
I searched but was unable to find her photo .	I searched, but the picture was not found.	0
It seems to me that most people on this board are friendly to home schooling , yet some who support home schools think that segregating boys from girls would slow social development .	I think most of the people on this board are friendly to family education, but some who support family school believe that separating boys from girls will slow down social development.	0
What an amazing picture .	What a stunning picture.	0
Southern tip Logging Lake Looking at Logging Mtn Southern tip Logging Lake Numa Ridge from Bowman lake ranger station Posing for a shot on the bridge across Quartz Creek to the back country campground	South Board Logging Lake Looking at Logging Mtn South Board logging Lake Numa Ridge from Bowman Lake Ranger Station Poser for a shot on the bridge beyond Quartz Creek at the backland camp	0
This is a special thanks to all those who had the patience to wait it out while I constructed this article .	This is a special thanks to everyone who has the patience to wait for it while I build this article.	0
Did day kill dem injuns ?	Does the Day kill the unbelievers?	0
That 's the Norweigian black metal band Emperor .	This is the Norwegian Black Metal Band Emperor!	0
I left a comment under his reply to the Tea Party video but I have to highlight it to be able to read it .	I left a comment under his response to the Tea Party video, but I have to emphasize it in order to read it.	0
If a 10th grade teacher says they 're grading from a rubric that says they 're grading based on grammar , spelling , sentence structure , and format only , they ca n't , in most cases , turn around and give you a failing grade for the assignment because they do n't like the content .	If a 10th grade teacher tells you that they are evaluating based only on grammar, arrangement, sentence structure and format, they may give you a failed rating because they don’t like the content in most cases.	0
Ive seen that crap too , and thought WTF ?	I also saw that shit, and I thought about WTF?	0
CA ..	and Ca.	0
So why are n't you complaining about the other mud races ?	So, why don’t you complain about the others?	1
All schools in Ireland should be segregated .	All schools in Ireland need to be segregated.	0
Since you are new let me direct you to a site that also has good info and puts out a paper called the Nationalist Times .	As you are new, I will guide you to a site that has good information and issue a paper called Nationalist Times.	0
And my job lets me monitor all of Jewish supremacist control of talk radio .	And my job is to monitor the control of all Jewish supremacists on the radio.	0
Clearly there is a need for more alternative media in this country .	Clearly, more alternative media is needed in this country.	0
I am not going to be beat down by a dyke , fag , or coon .	I am not beaten by a dyke, a fag, or a coon.	1
I was just trying to see how many of you saw other races as a bigger thread than your own , and apparently , a few think this way .	I just see how many of you have seen other races as a bigger thread than you, and of course, some people have thought so.	0
I live in a predominantly white area and ca n't imagine what that would be like ..	I live mostly in a white area and can’t imagine what it will be like.	0
I think most Stormfront members would agree.Iam here to promote a white Ireland like other members and to warn others about the treat of Multiculturalism and Islam in Ireland	I am here to promote a white Ireland like other members and warn others against dealing with multiculturalism and Islam in Ireland.	0
I Got 15 Kids & 3 Babydaddys-SOMEONE & #39 ; S GOTTA PAY FOR ME & MY KIDS !!!	I have 15 children & 3 babydaddys SOMEONE & #39; S GOTTA PAY FOR ME and MY KIDS!!!	0
Events around the world will educate her fast enough !	Events across the world will educate her quickly enough!	0
It is also what i and almost everyone on this thread dream about and work for after all it is the only asurance the Aryan people have for survival	It’s also what I and almost everyone in this thread dream and work so that, after all, it’s the only guarantee that the people of Aryan have to survive.	0
Brave , brave man .	Brave and courageous people.	0
Mall owners and commercial developers will be hit particularly hard .	Mall owner and commercial developer will be hit hard.	0
Great pictures and commentary .	Great images and comments.	0
Dont even have to include a face .	No need to include the face.	0
MOPAR88-Again , I live in San Bernardino , send a pm ?	MOPAR88-Again, I live in San Bernardino, send me a message?	0
Started the defeat of the Soviet Union , and now leaders in the fight against Islam !	The defeat of the Soviet Union began, and now the leaders of the fight against Islam!	0
THIS is precisely why I do n't watch his videos .	That's why I don't watch his video.	0
Going up .	go up.	3
Seattle bus attack on a blind woman : YouTube - Broadcast Yourself .	Seattle bus attacks a blind woman: YouTube – Broadcast Yourself.	0
Please feel free to pm me or email me anytime .	Feel free to send me an email or contact me at any time.	0
I think he is wrong .	I think he was wrong.	0
May I share with the good people on this board a delightful and enriching video I found on YouTube of the town in which I grew up .	With the good people on this board, you can share a fun and enriching video of the town where I grew up on YouTube.	0
I was really excited to come across this site full of like minded people !	I was very excited to find this site full of people of the same mind!	0
if they have the same help here in Quebec , i would like too say congratulation pitbull-A.G. and i hope you have lot of new white resident in your city	If they have the same help in Quebec, I would also like to say congratulations to pitbull-A.G. and hope you have a lot of new white inhabitants in your city.	0
All of ukraine is Russia/Poland/Romania , you fake ukrainians .	The whole of Ukraine is Russian/Polish/Romanian, and you are fake Ukrainians.	1
We have to kill off all of the Whites so we can go back to eating cow dung ! "	We must kill all the white so that we can go back and eat mud!”	1
- The case against the Elmira man accused of strangling and stabbing his pregnant ex-girlfriend moved one step forward Friday morning .	The case against Elmira’s man accused of suffocating and trapping his pregnant ex-girlfriend has taken a step forward	0
Maybe they are unionized .	They may be unified.	0
That 's what I intended .	That's what I meant.	0
It ai n't right unless it 's White .	It's not right unless it's white.	1
im back on the other side of the pond now and i was actualy in the 17th district but thanks the heads up	I'm now back on the other side of the ground and I was currently in the 17th district, but thank the head on	0
And hey , we have not talked about women 's mitochondriat at all ?	Do we not talk about the mitochondriate of women at all?	0
Mithotyn yea maybe in Germany and other Western European countries nazis are banned from everywhere , but in Bulgaria u can live , * * * * gypsies and some * * * * * * s/not much = 15-20 ppl in my town / u can dress like skin and beat punks/not much 15-20 guys / and ..... just u can do everything but if u live here u will not have money ( hehe i will cut some of my fingers if someone american come to live in Bulgaria ...	Mithotyn yes maybe in Germany and other Western European countries the Nazis are banned from everywhere, but in Bulgaria you can live, * * * the Gypsies and some * ** * s / not a lot = 15-20 ppl in my city / you can dress like the skin and beat the punks / not very guys 15-20 / and..... you can do anything but if you live here you will not have money ( hehe I will cut a few fingers	0
Thank you for posting this ! this disgusting lie will hopefully one day be addressed and corrected , at that point I would hope the world will see the Jews for what they really are .	I hope that this hateful lie will one day be solved and corrected, and at that moment I hope the world can see what the Jews really are.	1
That was on a sheet of paper , and I take it you meant bull sheet ( as other poster said it before )	That’s on a piece of paper, and I think you’re referring to bull paper (as other posters have said before)	0
I hope people are taking advantage of the above .	I hope that people will benefit from the above benefits.	0
That ape tried to gang up a lone white .	This monkey tried to grab a lonely white man.	1
ik was watching a outdoors hunting show in Canada today. looks to me they have every thing we have channel 604 on direct tv	I watched an outdoor hunting show in Canada today.They have everything we have on channel 604 on TV directly.	0
I can honestly say that I have smoked weed and drank as a kid with many groups of WHITE guys and nothing like this EVER came close to happening !	I can honestly say, I smoked beans and drank with many groups of white men, and nothing like this happened!	0
I was also surprised how many people were able to fit inside your clubhouse but was very happy to see so many people .	I was surprised at how many people I could accommodate in your clubhouse, but I was so pleased to see so many people.	0
Agree with the rest , the recent transfer window says everything , hundreds of millions spent on a few players .	Agree with the rest, the recent transfer window said it all, millions spent on a handful of players.	0
For those of you that know me , I have this at my place also .	For those who know me, I also have this in my place.	0
Yes indeed it is , and yes he is a jew .	Yes, indeed he is a Jew.	0
Better quality : https : //thepiratebay.se/search/benef ... treet/0/99/205 There is also HD out , but not on YouTube yet .	Best quality: https: //thepiratebay.se/search/benef... traet/0/99/206 There is also HD out, but not yet on YouTube.	0
I am looking for WN specific Home School material ?	Are I looking for a specific school material?	0
My advice is go bulk up at a gym and take up a martial art so you do n't feel as intimidated by blacks as you currently do .	My advice is to go to the gym and take martial arts and don’t feel as scared by black people as you do now.	0
About the Chinese , those who remain in their own country are good , those who become illegal immigrants in white nations are bad .	For the Chinese, those who stay in their own country are good people, and those who become illegal immigrants into white countries are bad people.	1
The were confused because I started talking about NASCAR and how they were racist by not allowing Asian drivers .	They were confused because I began to talk about NASCAR and how racial they were, not allowed Asian drivers.	0
I look forward to conversing with everyone on here .	I am looking forward to talking with everyone here.	0
It 's the P226 with Nigh sights .	It is P226 with low vision.	0
We have been keeping up with weekly get togethers with a group of pro white like minded people and would like to continue to grow the group. we usually do dinner on the weekends to keep people close .	We’ve been going forward with weekly colleagues with a group of people of the same mind and we’d like to continue growing the group. we usually have dinner on weekends to keep people close.	0
No figures are available because none are made public .	There are no figures available because no one is made public.	0
I have 2 friends in CS and neither has EVER worked with a black .	I have two friends in CS and none of them have ever worked with a black one.	0
I wonder if they 'll let me keep the extra euro if i say i 'm ' ' unwaged ' ' .	I wonder if they will allow me to keep the extra euro if they say 'I'm 'unnecessary'.	0
It makes me tired .	It made me tired.	0
Have you slavs that live in the West ever seen these Western Devils and their obsession with American football .	Have you ever seen the slaves living in the West, this western devil and their obsession with American football?	0
I figured it would only get worst .	I thought it would just get worse.	0
From Norway to the Fareo Islands and then onto Iceland .	From Norway to the Faroe Islands and then to Iceland.	0
I 've pointed that out to `` believers '' and I 'm invariably accused of being called a `` naziwhowantstokillsixmillionjews . ''	I have pointed this to the “believers,” and I have always been accused of being called “Nazis” by the “six million Jews.”	0
It will be a whole new can o ' worms for the government .....	It will be an entirely new can o'Würmer for the government.	3
Now there are hundreds and in a few years there will be thousands .	Now there are hundreds, and in a couple of years there will be thousands.	3
We had Dresden remembrance last year and will again this year	We had the memory of Dresden last year and we will be back this year	0
Cut and Shoot , Texas ( TX 77303 ) profile : population , maps , real estate , averages , homes , statistics , relocation , travel , jobs , hospitals , schools , crime , moving , houses , news	Cut and Shoot, Texas ( TX 77303 ) Profile: Population, Map, Real Estate, Average, Housing, Statistics, Movement, Travel, Employment, Hospital, School, Crime, Movements, Home, News	0
It 's like that at most public boards .	This is the case in most public offices.	0
Exactly.	More specifically.	0
Yeah you can count on it , there will be lot of people on the streets that day protesting against this jew government what we have here .	Yes, you can count on, there will be a lot of people on the streets who protest this day against this Jewish government, what we have here.	0
Even all or mostly white public schools will still feed poison agenda .	Even all or most of the white public schools will continue to feed the agenda	0
It just does n't hold my attention .	It simply does not capture my attention.	0
I would n't worry too much at all .	I will not be too worried at all.	0
Here's one of me I think it 's several months old though I am not certain .	Here’s one of me, I think it’s several months old, although I’m not sure.	0
And then he had the nerve to preach about anti-Semitism from the pulpit .	And then he got the nerve to preach about antisemitism from the pulpit.	0
WPWW - eddie	by WPW - EDDY	0
I live in Wisconsin .	I am living in Wisconsin.	0
well if i have my way there will be another cook out / camp out one of the frist two weeks of aug in very nothern IL	Well, if I had my way there would be another cooking/camping out a two-week deadline for Aug at very nothern IL	0
The green strip is a well watered vineyard : Much of this lake is very shallow .	The green line is a well-watered vineyard: most of this lake is very deep.	0
I remember back in the day I used to hand out tracts for my church , why dont they have anything small that I can print out on my printer and cut them up so I can place them in library books and phone booths ?	I remember that day I was used to sending icons to my church, why they didn’t have anything small, I could print and cut them on my printer, so I could put them on the library books and phone panels?	0
Yep I totally agree , the minute the Jew press see 's the Klan outfits , that 's all they will talk about , and justify the white murders .	Yes, I totally agree, as soon as the Jewish press sees the Klan’s clothes, that’s all they’re going to talk about, and justify white murders.	0
Sorry the worse working class slum is as Irish as the rest of Ireland.I love Ireland and my people all Irish are my people .	Sorry the worst slum of the working class is Irish like the rest of Ireland.	0
It 's why they do n't take real ones seriously .	That’s why they don’t take things seriously.	0
( If you click the video , the video comments are full of self-hating whites ) : YouTube - BAKA RAINFOREST PEOPLE YODELLERS	(If you click on the video, the video comment is full of self-hating white people) : YouTube - BAKA RAINFOREST PEOPLE YODELLers	0
Looking to become more active and make more friends in the White nationalist community in southern California .	Seek to become more active and make more friends in the white nationalist community of Southern California.	0
His commie-jew handler was Joe Slovo .	His manager of comie-jew was Joe Slovo.	0
The LAST thin I want to do is go to her website .	The last thing I wanted to do was to go to her website.	0
Thank God this White warrior knew how to throw down .	Thank God, this white warrior knows how to throw it away.	0
I am reminded of a quote I heard from a fellow white nationalist said that you do not clean up a pile of * * * * while being in the middle of it .	I remember a quote I’ve heard from a white nationalist who said you don’t clean a piece * * while you’re in the middle.	1
- YouTube	and YouTube.	0
I found this place because I was looking up Kountze ( same county ) .	I found this site because I was looking up at Kountze (the same county).	0
Who the hell are the Maccabees anyway ?	Who is Hell, and who are the Macabeans?	0
Trudeau is the white Obama as he does n't care about the people of Canada but all the third world crap he 's allowing into Canada	Trudeau is a white Obama, he doesn’t care about the Canadian people, but he lets the Third World shit into Canada.	1
Demarco Harris is facing life in prison for killing Trisha Babcock	Demarco Harris is jailed for life on charges of killing Trisha Babcock.	0
No more about this in this thread please .	No more on this topic, please.	0
Home-school your children fast .	Get your kids to school quickly.	0
BLOOD PASSOVER COMPLETE ENGLISH TEXT The whole English text of `` Bloody Passover '' is online at this URL : http://www.israelshamir.net/BLOODPASSOVER.pdfhttp://www.cwporter.com/hoffman.htm	The entire English text of 'Bloody Passover' is online at this URL: http://www.israelshamir.net/BLOODPASSOVER.pdfhttp://www,cwporter.com/hoffman.htm	0
I 'm surprised to see it still active .	I am surprised to see that it is still active.	0
how are u im looking to make new friends so i ask u would u like to talk to me some time im a guy frome ny just trying to make some new friends if u would like to talk to me u can email me at killergods2001@yahoo.com thanks for your time hope to hear from u	How is it that you want to make new friends so I asked you would like to chat with me for a while im a man from ny just trying to make some new friends and if you like to talk to me you can email me at killergods2001@yahoo.com thank you for your time hoping to listen to you	0
These same people , must eat their stupid pills like they were candy .	These same people should eat their stupid pills as if they were sweet.	0
i agree. just for the simple fact that i grew up in orlando fl. it was a good place to live at one time. but not any more. the crime went up and is still on the rise .	I agree. just because of the simple fact that I grew up in Orlando fl. it was a good place to live at a moment. but no more. the crime came out and is still on rise.	0
That is not against the rules , to discuss theology IS .	This is not a violation of the rules, discussing theology is.	0
Hi everybody , I 'm a swiss man living in zuerich , I really like Russia , russian People , russian culture .. all from Russia !!!	Hello everyone, I'm a Swiss man who lives in Zurich, I really like Russia, the Russian people, Russian culture... all of Russia!!!	0
Any expressing of their homosexuality outside their home however must be stopped .	However, any act of expressing homosexuality outside the home must be stopped.	1
I am 24 , like to hang out in my local bar have few ones and place music as much as i can .	I’m 24 years old and I like to go out at my local bar and I can put as much music as possible.	0
The only thing that matters is you are a target because of your race .	The only thing that matters is that you are a target due to your race.	0
They wo n't talk to me anymore and I wo n't go to church with them anymore .	They no longer talk to me, and I no longer go to church with them.	0
This savage has n't moved on from 300 years ago where her ancestors used to cook their enemies in cauldrons , ghastly people .	This wilderness has not moved since 300 years ago, where its ancestors cooked their enemies in boilers, terrible people.	1
I think even some teachers are getting fed up with the immagrants .	I think some teachers are tired of immigrants.	0
They dress like blacks , talk Ike them , act just as stupid .	They wear black clothes, talk to them, and act as stupid.	1
I wonder if living in an affordable mansion would make me `` mentally infirmed '' also .	I wondered if living in an affordable luxury house would make me “psycho-disordered.”	0
I hate the dramas and bull * * * * like this .	I hate dramas and bulls like that.	0
A good to start with one is Prodigal Genius written by John J. O' Neill .	A good one to start with is Prodigal Genius by John J. O'Neill.	0
I have no doubt Los Angeles is a cess pool .	There is no doubt that Los Angeles is a tax pool.	1
3 .	Three.	0
When the local TV station ran the video and explanation of the event , the news anchors could not keep a straight face and its all broke down into uncontrollable laughter .	When the local television station executed the video and description of the event, the news anchor was unable to keep the face straight and everything was uncontrollable with a laughter.	0
I hope they did n't eat the villagers , they might have gotten food poisoning .	I hope they haven’t eaten the village inhabitants, maybe they’ve got food poisoning.	0
Anyone with half a brain would n't send a bunch of seventy pound women into battle with swords .	No one with half a brain will send a group of women worth 70 pounds to fight with the sword.	0
Hey Everyone .	Hello to everyone.	0
I found out 8 months ago , the negro currently resides in Minnesota .	Eight months ago, I learned that the black people are currently living in Minnesota.	0
They were praying for rain .	They prayed for the rain.	0
CGG, you and I have many of the same tastes .	CGG and you have many of the same tastes.	0
I live in a suburban area with an old spring fed lake that always has water in it .	I live in a suburb with an old lake fed in spring that always has water.	0
As dead as David Lane and the Fourteen Words are in the eyes of some , yes , he 's as good as dead .	Like David Ryan and the fourteen words died in the eyes of some, yes, he was as good as being dead.	0
If you need a good dog , you ca n't beat a bull terrier , strong , loyal , great with kids , and have a bite pressure of up to 5000 lbs per square inch , compared to a Rottweiller which is 500 lbs per square inch.Sarge2506.	If you need a good dog, you can’t beat a strong and loyal dog terrier, it’s great with kids, and has a biting pressure of up to 5,000 pounds per square inch.	0
They probably have a 150 I.Q. with all three of them combined .	They probably have an I.Q. of 150 with all three combined.	1
Lol,this happened in the neighborhood I just moved out of !	Lol, this happened to the neighbor I just moved!	0
I will read through and try to add some words and learn as well .	I will read it and try to add a few words and also learn.	0
I 'll PM our address and his name , so they can get started .	We will send you our address and his name so they can start.	0
http://exopolitics.blogs.com/files/eu-collective.pdf Have a read , this was wrote in the 70s .	HTTP://xopolitics.blogs.com/file/eu-collective.pdf Have a reading that was written in the 1970s.	0
2508	of 508.	0
Or maybe there is and I just do n't know about it .	Or maybe it exists and I just don’t know.	0
Here is another source for 5.56 They are out of stock on the Wolf garbage but have PMC and some Federal in stock .	Here’s another source for 5.56 they don’t have inventories on wolf junk, but there’s PMC and some federal inventories.	0
To change so much in such a brief time ...	So much change in such a short time.	0
Nothing is changing for the better .	Nothing is changed for better.	0
Apparently if the 2nd toe is bigger than the Big Toe it is a racial sign that your parents have confined their mating patterns to mixing within those of Celtic Stock .	Apparently, if the second finger of the foot is larger than the thumb is a racial sign that your parents have limited their mating patterns to mix within the Celtic Stock.	0
YouTube - & #x202a ; Bettie Page - Teaser Girl in High Heels & #x202c ; & rlm ; To me she is beautiful .	YouTube - & #x202a ; Bettie Page - Teaser Girl at High Heels & # x202c ; & rlm ; for me, she's beautiful.	0
I would love to hear her do this song today .	I would like to hear this song today.	0
At times it is perplexing .	Sometimes this is perplexing.	0
Do they expect us to go out and welcome these leeches on our society with open arms. they should give them zyklon b for lunch , thad would help the suitation !!!	Do you expect us to come out and bring these leaches closer to our society with open arms? should they give them zyklon b for lunch, that would help their life?	1
The Chechen beast was one of those who committed killing in the name of Allah against our Russian brothers , like the theater in Moskva .	The Chechen Beast was one of those who killed our Russian brothers in the name of God, just like the Moscow theatre.	1
They ca n't survive without us , but they do us nothing but harm .	They cannot survive without us, but they will only hurt us.	1
You are not worth my time kid so this is the last answer you will get from me because you are now on my ignore list as are the rest of the losers that stayed with jenkins .	You’re not worthy of my time kid, so this is the last answer you get from me because you’re on my ignorance list now, just like the other losers who stayed in Jenkins.	0
Now there 's a medical advancement to think about .	Now there is a medical advance to consider.	0
They have been heavily attacked lately .	They have been severely attacked recently.	0
About those training : I never realized they had all that equipment .	About this training: I never knew that they had all this equipment.	0
By their fruits ye shall know them .	From their fruits you will know them.	0
Can you say Big Brother .	You can say big brother!	0
( Sorry for bad English )	(Sorry for the poor English)	0
Maybe we should put' em in prison until they 're fifty , right up front , so Sid can figure it in to the cost of admission	Maybe we should put 'em' in jail until they are fifty, just ahead, so that Sid can calculate it at the cost.	0
They dont hire whites and bring in 50 on a work visa or some kinda crap .	They don’t hire whites and get 50 with a work visa or a little shit.	3
I wish you every success .	And I wish you all success.	0
An Irish prison is like a luxury hotel where they come and thats even if they get sent to prison and thats if they get do n't flee the country and thats if they get caught doing the crime ... so crime does pay in Ireland .	Irish prisons are like a luxury hotel, and even if they are sent to prison, they won’t escape the country, and if they’re caught committing a crime, crime will pay in Ireland.	1
That's why I did n't display it .	That is why I did not show it.	0
It makes my heart sick .	That makes my heart ill.	0
PM or email me when it gets to the actual planning stage please .	PM or send me an email when you get to the real planning phase	0
That sounds promising , and hopefully in time there will be a couple of more days added and the extra hour too .	It sounds promising, and as time goes by, a few additional days and extra time will be added.	0
There was a study a while ago .	A study was done some time ago.	0
Thank you for your kind words , hope to meet you in the new white world one day soon .	Thank you for your kind words and I hope to meet you in a new white world someday.	1
I would move too but unfortunately there is nowhere that is untainted .	I also want to move, but unfortunately there is no place anywhere.	1
Leaves me to no surprise .	Do not be surprised.	0
-Yankee Jim PS , I 'm hoping your very healthy donation will inspire others to DIG !	-Yankee Jim PS, I hope your very healthy donation inspires others to DIG!	0
I've always like this topic and found that if not in a classroom I could enjoy a teacher talking on the topic from a video camera session with maybe someone doing Powerpoint edits , hint , hint .	I have always liked this topic and found that if not in the classroom, I could enjoy a teacher from a video camera meeting talking about the topic, maybe someone would do Powerpoint editing, tips, tips.	0
During the early punk scene , he was always seen decked out in a Union flag blazer , then all a sudden , an instant nationality transplant .	In the early punk scenes, he was always seen dressed on the Union flag and then suddenly, instantaneously, a citizenship transplant.	0
i have never been noticed in a crowd for my tattoos.i have never seen anyone walking in a crowd just looking and concentrating on people with tattoos .	I’ve never been noticed in the crowd for my tattoos, and I have never seen anyone walking among the crowds just looking at people who have a tattoo.	0
I lived in Tulsa awhile back right down from the airport .	I lived for a while in Tulsa, where I returned right down from the airport.	0
Wolf 278	The wolf 281	0
Seeking any good single Woman in the Fox Valley area for some conversation and maybe some romance .	Looking for a good single woman in the area of Fox Valley for a few conversations and maybe some romance.	0
Sometimes we just have to feel sorry for the wrongs of our ancestors or else we continue to mess up like they did .	Sometimes we only have to regret the mistakes of our ancestors, otherwise we will continue to be as confused as they did.	0
Happy Birthday Brother and many happy returns !!	Happy Birthday and a lot of happiness back!!	0
We are trying to get people in every White nation around the world to distribute White Nationalist flyers on Saturday night , October 13th .	We urge all white nations around the world to distribute white nationalist flyers on Saturday night, October 13.	0
I did not see any reliable sources , that connect Leon Trotski and Lenin to the Freemasons .	I saw no reliable source linking Leon Trotsky and Lenin with the Freemasons.	0
Its really sad how so many whites just don`t even care and there actually happy that this is coming to be .	It’s really unfortunate that there are so many whites who don’t even care, and they’re really happy that this will happen.	0
Does You do n't know anything about that person except what they themselves have chosen to tell sound familiar ?	Do you know nothing about that person except that they choose to say something that sounds familiar?	0
I believe that every manufacturer uses the same thread for their dies and their die press .	I think all manufacturers use the same thread for their deaths and their death press.	0
The New Jersey classroom was over half non-white .	The classroom in New Jersey was more than half non-white.	3
Foreign of course .	The foreign, of course.	0
But had n't been able to reply until now .	But until now I have not been able to answer.	0
Never leave your children unguarded !	Never let your child be deceived!	0
Yea their is !	Of course they are!	0
I know she was white though	I know she is white, though.	0
Homo neanderthalensis was just a dumb negro subspecies of the negroid species and never white-european .	Homo neanderthalensis was a stupid black subspecies of the black race and was never a white European.	1
I already tell my friends here all about you ...	I told my friends everything about you.	0
YouTube - Blacks Attack White Police Officers and Citizens at Iowa State Fairgrounds YouTube - Black Man gouges out DJ 's eyes after attack .	YouTube - Black attacks white police officers and citizens on the Iowa State Fairgrounds on YouTube – Black Man hits DJ’s eyes after the attack.	0
Hey momofsix .. to have six kids is a great gift that you have given our race and for that i thank you they are lucky to have such awesome parents as you two	Hey momofsix.. having six children is a wonderful gift you have given to our race and thank you very much for having wonderful parents like you.	0
It's people like this that are the face that represents the filth of Islam .	People like this are the dirty faces of Islam.	1
Hails ~	and hails	0
But try to find stupid anti-irish messages on this forum ...	But try to find foolish anti-Irish news on this forum...	0
In the eyes of the Jew and the libtard there is a race problem and the problem is us !	In the eyes of the Jews, there is a racial problem, and the problem is us.	1
Can you or anyone else think of any more of these good one liners ? those are golden I 'm going to use them on some cards im going to hand out .	Can you or someone else think about a little more of these good liners? these are gold I’ll use them on a few cards I’m going to deliver.	0
I hear that McDonalds is coming to their aid .	I heard that McDonald’s was helping them.	0
All of that is collateral damage of the great white genocide and we 're paying the price in many forms : our people loose unity , turn to alcohol or loneliness , stress and being unhappy etc ..	All of this is a side effect of the massacre of the great white nation and we are paying the price in many forms: our nation loses its unity, returns to alcohol or loneliness, stress and misfortune, etc.	0
Robbie is funny and I have no problems with him .	Robbie is funny, and I do not have any problems with him.	0
After knocking back a few guinness we got pretty hungry and he said he knew a great place to go get some food , i was disgusted when he brought me to a chinese restaurant .	After hit a couple of guinness we got quite hungry and he said I knew a great place to go to get a little food, I disappointed when he took me to a Chinese restaurant.	0
YEA!	Yes yes!	0
Anybody in New York ?	Someone in New York.	0
If it takes double a batteries it will always run .	If you need twice the battery, it will always work.	0
You could have made one for prophecies .	You might have done one for the prophecies.	0
Holly Quick , age 16 , brutally raped and murdered by an apelike negro .	16-year-old Holly Quick was brutally raped and murdered by a black man.	1
I would love to see a video of Somalis blown apart with a torpedo and see bodies and scrap metal fly hundreds of feet into the air .	I like to see videos of Somali people being crushed in a torpedo and seeing bodies and garbage flying hundreds of feet away.	1
2508	of 508.	0
The Great Northwest Oktoberfest | Whitefish , MT 59937 Join us in beautiful Whitefish , Montana for two weekends of authentic German beer , food , music and fun - Montana-style !	Great northwestern Oktoberfest White Fish, MT 59937 Join our beautiful white fish, Montana, two weekends of genuine German beer, food, music and fun - Montana style!	0
Cats Musical - Memory - YouTube	Cat Music - Memories - YouTube	0
I'm not EVEN gonna try and lie , if I had money , I 'd probably have a whole safe full of these !	I will never try and lie, and if I have money, I might have a complete security filled with these!	0
People.who.are.aware.of.Oildale , are.often.abit.int imidated.to.come.here , lol ! Yes , It 's.abit.lacking.in .spit & polish.There.appears.to.be.zero.in.the.Code.	I disagree with you, but I am of the opinion that you will be pleased right now even if you disagreed with me, I am in a good mood like you, you are in good health, you need help.	0
Oh look , Al Qaeda is now over there .	Oh, look, Al-Qaeda is now here.	0
Any ideas ?	Some of the ideas?	0
Wishing a happy New Year to all Slavic brothers and sisters Let 's hope this will be a good year for us	We wish all Slavic brothers and sisters a happy New Year and hope it will be a good year for us.	0
Do n't make me start copy and pasting DOJ statistics .	Don’t let me start copying and paste the DOJ statistics.	0
Anyone want to send us photos of activism ?	Anyone wants to send us pictures of activism?	0
So your allegiance is to Mexico first and America second ?	So your loyalty is Mexico first, America second.	0
On which fantasy island do you live on ?	On what fantasy island are you living on?	0
www.mckenna.edu College of the Ozarks , Point Lookout , Mo.	www.mckenna.edu University of the Ozarks, Point Lookout, MO	0
Tralee is a disgrace , the place looks like a town in africa nowThe day Ireland becomes a muslim country is the day i stop breathing !	Tralee is a shame, the place looks like a city in Africa nowThe day when Ireland becomes a Muslim country, it is the day when I stop breathing	1
At least she goes to church now LOL	At least she is going to the church now LOL.	0
It's indeed a conspiracy theory that insists Whites work together to hold Black people down to benefit Whites in some way .	It is indeed a conspiracy theory that insists that white people work together to hold black people back in order to benefit white people from a certain amount of money.	0
For example , almost all the 12 year olds last year dressed up a `` Wiggers '' , `` Whores '' , or `` Pimps '' for Halloween !	For example, almost every 12-year-old was wearing 'Wiggers', 'Whores' or 'Pimps' for Halloween last year!	0
The first and most absolute priority is maintaining core body temperature , a 100 bucks will do that .	The first and most absolute priority is to maintain the body temperature of the core, a $100 will do so.	0
Hey Blue email or PM me if you want to chat .	Please email or PM me if you would like to chat.	0
I'd like to know exactly what a `` white supremacist '' is first .	I want to know exactly what the “white supremacists” are first.	0
There are people that would agree with this essay , and then turn around and support gay marriage or abortion not realizing that they too are foot soldiers supporting the Cultural Marxism that is destroying our identity .	Some people will agree with this paper and then turn to support homosexual marriages or abortions, without realizing that they are also the foot soldiers of cultural Marxism, which is destroying our identity.	0
It was the same men who did all of it is what I 'm saying .	It’s the same guys who did everything, and that’s what I’m saying.	0
And im sure theres a lot more people that would do the same .	And there are many more people who will do the same.	0
Too bad it 's Bug day tomorrow , grrrr .	So bad, tomorrow is Bug’s day, Grrrr.	0
14/88 .	It is 14 / 88.	0
To sum it up , the situation in Sweden is a complete disaster .	In summary, the situation in Sweden is a complete catastrophe.	3
BULL****!	fuck to fuck!	0
The Jew represents the snake .	The Jews represent the snake.	1
88 - Jim	8 – James	0
I love Edward Hopper 's work .	I like Edward Hopper's work.	0
I 'm hoping to go to a university next year sponsored by the military where I 'm hoping to get a Bachelor of Arts majoring in Geography or History with minors in politics and managment .	I’m looking forward to going to an army-sponsored university next year where I am expecting to get a Bachelor of Arts major in Geography or History with minor in politics and management.	0
Look who her partner was : Steve Hamilton	See who her partner is: Steve Hamilton	0
Haribo Advert - Interrogation - YouTube	Advertisements of Haribo - Questions - YouTube	0
Lynched perhaps , elected , no.	Elected or not elected.	0
I 'm a 25yo Skin from So .	I am a 25 Yoon skin.	0
My sentiments exactly .	My own feelings exactly.	0
CONFIRMED - March 12 , 2011 YouTube - UPDATE 1pm CST -- NOT GOOD !	CONFIRMED - March 12th, 2011 YouTube - UPDATE 1pm CST - NOT GOOD!	0
If that makes me brainwashed , then so be it .	If this washes my brain, it will.	0
Please , put pictures of average people here , not of models .	Please put here the images of the average people, not the models.	0
Well it was only an animal instinct .	This was just an animal instinct.	0
Stoning Cut of their hands Beheading Tyre neck brace Trial by machete e , e	Stone Cut off their hands Top of the head Tire neck support Tested by Machete e, e	3
YouTube - Black mugger sentenced to 75 years in prison for hate crimes against elderly women YouTube - Cop 's mace vs black guy 's kung fu YouTube - African American man sprays semen on white woman in supermarket YouTube - White guy beaten nearly to death by Blacks for dating a Black woman , no hate crime there YouTube - Broadcast Yourself .	YouTube - Black Mugger, sentenced to 75 years in prison for hate crimes against older women YouTube - African-American men inject sperm into white women in supermarket YouTube - When Black kills white men because they date black women, black men don't have hate crime there YouTube - Broadcast	0
Hope it will help you .	Hope it helps you.	0
somebody``hcf''calledputin``ahero''!lololol!This``hero''finallytransformedformersovietjewnion in ``russian''judea!In this misery-torn country-are there-70 officially billionaries , tens f thousands millionaries , and tens of millions of poor and miserable who look for their pittance at the garbage places !	Someone called “Putin!”Lololol!This “hero” has finally turned into “Russian” Judea!In this miserable country there are – officially 70 billionaires, tens of thousands of millionaires and tens of millions of poor and poor people who are looking for their pettyness in garbage!	1
I'm not sure if these people are in your area , but they 're in PA : American Nationalist Union P.O. Box 426 Allison Park , PA 15101 http://www.anu.org/	I don’t know if these people are in your area, but they’re in PA: American Nationalist Union P.O. Box 426 Allison Park, PA 15101 http://www.nu.org/	0
Had to listen to this idiotic statement/strategy for years .	I had to listen to these stupid statements and strategies for years.	0
SOS !	with SOS!	0
Most look the same or have the same features .	Most people look the same, or have the same characteristics.	0
That's an absolute shame that they have to remove the bodies of Hitler 's parents .	That is an absolute shame that they must remove the bodies of Hitler's parents.	0
I think I heard that Sweden and Norway have MTV now , do Finland or the Baltic states get that garbage yet ?	I think I’ve heard that Sweden and Norway now have MTV, Finland or the Baltic countries can still get that waste?	0
Changing the narrative a little .	Change the narrative.	0
Here's the straight dope as they say .	Here is the direct Dope, as they say.	0
There are some slight differences between the two - is one of them geared toward whites in general , and the other toward Dutch/Germans ?	There are some small differences between the two – one is for whites generally and the other is for Dutch/German?	0
White Chicago Cop Killed With His Own Gun In Attack From Behind - NNN Reporters Newsroom Forum R.I.P.	The white police officer in Chicago was murdered with his own weapon in a back attack - NNN Reporters Newsroom Forum R.I.P.	0
Negro holding the camera laughs with glee : Dailymotion - Agression raciste contre une jeune fille blanche - France - une vidéo News & Politics	Dailymotion - Agression raciste contre une jeune fille blanche - France - une vidéo News and politics	0
I didnt know that bar was owned by a negro i will make sure i will never set foot in their again i was in their once !!!	I didn’t know that the bar was owned by the black, so I’m sure I’ll never put my foot on them!!!	1
I 'll post as much as I can , but I 'm more of a BNP supporter than an expert .	I will publish as much as I can, but I am more a supporter of the BNP than an expert.	0
Thank you to all the people who 've responded here , and to those of you who 've sent me PM 's about it .	Thank you to all of you who have responded here, and thank you to everyone who has sent a PM about this.	0
Billy Bitzer certainly was a daredevil cameraman .	Billy Bitzer was undoubtedly a bold cameraman.	0
Just look at the nonsense on tv !	Just watch the nonsense on television!	0
I like the French .	I like France.	0
If Canada was small the nonwhites would be everywhere but so many whites live rurally or in small towns so they do n't see the racial disaster unfolding on Canada .	If Canada was small, white people would be everywhere, but many white people live in rural and small towns, so they don’t see racial disasters happen in Canada.	1
Thieves and liars always think you 're stealing and lying .	Thieves and liars always believe you're stealing and lying.	0
Dash cam truck passes Fedex wiggle wagon at 2 : 40-3 : 00 area .	Dash cam trucks pass through Fedex wiggle trucks in the 2:40-3:00 zone.	0
An American cancer has infected them all	A cancer has infected all of them.	0
Show your husband what happens in the schools nowadays !	Tell your husband what happened at school today!	0
I've got two knife blocks on the counter .	I have two knives in the counter.	0
The Nordic Angelic race came from the Pleiadian 's Star Cluster , and mixed with Iberian-Aryan 's that live in Germanic Countries and Scandinavia .	The Nordic Angel race comes from the Pleasant star cluster and is mixed with the Iberian people who live in the Germanic states and Scandinavia.	0
These are excellent points , including that detail about shooting a documentary .	These are good points, including the details of filming.	0
Attitude is everything .	Attitudes are everything.	0
This is the argument homosexuals use to justify their behavior , that because there are no `` red letters '' about it , then homosexuality is not a bad thing .	This is the argument used by homosexuals to prove their behavior, because there is no “red word” about it, then homosexuality is not a bad thing.	1
Does your wife post here ?	Does your girlfriend post here?	0
The fact is immoral and irresponsible parents will influence children to be immoral and irresponsible .	The fact is that immoral and irresponsible parents will make their children immoralistic and inappropriate.	0
I am a single parent living with my 11 year old son .	I am a single father who lives with my 11-year-old son.	0
There is always the International Oil Patch , we know there is no Drugs , Booze , or Hookers there , and a different Country every few weeks Get your Divorce early , everyone gets one two to a customer .	Always with international oil patches, we know that there are no drugs, Booze, or Hookers out there, and other countries divorce early every few weeks, and everyone gets one or two to customers.	0
Seek and you shall find .	Look for and you will find.	0
Law & Disorder : ' Missing ' toddler found in gym bag Jacksonville police looking for a missing toddler found the child alive but stuffed in a gym bag locked in the back of a car .	Jacksonville police, looking for a missing baby, found the child alive but embedded in a closed gym bag on the back of a car.	0
I remember the teacher telling everyone that mixed races babies and mixed race peoples are always more healthy that pure bed babies .	I remember that teachers told everyone that mixed-racial babies and mixed people are always healthier than pure-bed babies.	0
This is the `` 4th attack on a teacher in the last 2 weeks . ''	This is the fourth attack on a teacher in the past two weeks.	0
Call ( 281 ) -973-0420 now !	Call ( 283 ) -973-0419 now!	0
I 'm concerned because it 's japanese culture insinuating itself into American culture .	I’m worried because it’s Japanese culture that is embedded in American culture.	0
He is regarded as one of the central figures of the neo-Nazi right rock scene .	He is considered one of the central figures in the neo-Nazi right-wing rock scene.	0
She could then go on welfare and take out student loans to go to college .	She was then able to go to the welfare center and get a student loan to go into college.	0
Yup and about the same level as white privilege .	Yup and around the same level as the white privilege.	0
I wonder if she has stock in any of the popular manufacturers .	I wonder if it has stocks in one of the popular manufacturers.	0
There are only eight people living within a mile of my house , and none closer than a quarter-mile .	There are only eight people who live within a mile from my house, and no one is closer than a quarter-mile.	0
I 'm not sure if these guys are reds but I like this song .	I'm not sure if those guys are red but I like this song.	0
From what I 've read , Bokmal is used in newspapers , official documents , and spoken in the big cities while Riksmal is rural and spoken in the small towns and in the country. ( IF I remember correctly ) .	From what I’ve read, Bokmar is used in newspapers, official documents, and speaks in big cities, while Riksmal is rural, speaking in small towns and countryside (if I remember right).	0
18 times in the last 20 years 9 times in 130 years ....	18 times over the last 20 years 9 times over 130 years.	0
According to Mathieson 2015 , they had around a 30 % incidence of blue eyes ( versus around 25 % for the Steppe populations ) and carried the same mutations for light skin that the Steppe people did .	According to Mathieson 2015, they had about 30% of the incidence of blue eyes (about 25% of the steppe population) and had the same mild skin mutations as steppe people.	0
As of 2009 11,943 people 92.9 % White 4.7 % Hispanic .9 % Mixed .7 % Asian .4 % Black .3 % American Indian .04 % Other race alone Median income is $ 66,115 .	In 2009, 11 943 people 92.9% White 4.7% Hispanic 9% Mixed 7% Asian 4% Black 3% Indian American 0.04% Other race alone The average income is $66.115.	0
A wind of change is starting to blow .	The wind of change has begun to blow.	0
That is great news .	It is a great news.	0
Get over it ! if your white and racially aware , join the army and respect your white brothers and sisters !	If you are white and racial conscious, join the army and respect your white brothers and sisters!	0
Now isn t that stylish Nothing says Sick in the head like chaining yourself to a crack heads baby .	Now it’s not that elegant Nothing says you’re sick in the head like linking a baby with a crack head.	0
And the non-edible chemicals in the processed and sometimes not so processed food .	And sometimes non-food chemicals contained in unprocessed foods.	0
Why not have it so every flyer has all the White languages on it ( in small print ) , yet have their native language in large print once on the top of the other translations , then once below it .	Why not it, so each pilot has all the white language in it (in small printing), but in big printing one time at the top of other translations and then below one time.	0
I am so * * * * ing tired of the moderation on this place .	I'm so tired of moderation in this place.	0
It is n't enough that we support mesico now we have to support africa .	It is not enough to support Mexico, we must now support Africa.	1
I wonder how they 'll paint them up plus the 1million or more illegals who are working in the service industry living in their bosses ' cupboards .	I wonder how they would draw them, and more than a million illegal workers working in the service industry live in their boss’s closet.	1
Jeremy WPWW	by Jeremy WPGW	0
As far as I know there is no russophobia in Belarus .	So far, Belarus has no Russians.	0
lol.....	Funny...	0
I find it funny that blacks find their own women disgusting , but i find it even more disgusting that because of this they go after white women , and are usually successful , its good to see a white girl tell one off .	I think black people think their women are disgusting, but I find it even more disgracing because this is what they chase white women, and usually succeed, and it’s nice to see a white girl say one.	1
Same here .	This is the same as this.	0
No, I cant say that I have been through that .	No, I can’t say I’ve gone through that.	0
http://www.news4jax.com/news/26834699/detail.html#	HTTP://www.news3jax.com/news/26834499/detail.html#	0
^ You ca n't make this stuff up Go have a drink , drown the sorrow of living among primitive Asians .	Have a drink, break down the sadness of living among the primitive Asian.	1
First kiss was behind the church door in third grade .	The first kiss was outside the church door in the third grade.	0
Neanderthals were being constantly pushed South from the advancing and retreating Ice Ages and Glaciations .	Neanderthals were continually pushed south, from the advance and retreat of the Ice Age and Ice Age.	0
My Father Had Red hair .	My dad had red hair.	0
My earliest known paternal ancestor was a Norman knight who sent two sons across the Channel in 1066 .	My oldest ancestor was the Norman Knight, who sent his two sons across the canal in 1066.	0
Nothing wrong with Quebec , they have very white cities and are a proud group of people Aside from the gay section of montreal , its a very nice city	There’s nothing wrong with Quebec, they have a very white city, and it’s a very nice city, except for the gay section of Montreal.	0
Thanks for posting the link .	Thank you for posting the link.	0
Some parts of London are more British than others .	Some parts of London is more British than others.	0
Pull them right down , and push them over !	Push them down and then push them!	0
Long day , but very beautiful of course .	A long day, but beautiful, of course.	0
Not wanting to be found .	I do not want to be found.	0
And I thought this was slavic thread let 's continue about slavic countries and heritage , it 's not all about dispute between greece and rep.macedonia , no offence .	I think that’s the Slavic language, and let’s continue to talk about Slavic state and heritage, it’s not a dispute between Greece and the Republic of Macedonia, there’s no crime.	0
Has it been translated to English at all ?	Has this been translated into English?	0
I know they 're probably out there , but I 've never met a Black IT professional who was n't exclusively in sales .	I know they’re probably there, but I’ve never met a black computer professional who wasn’t exclusively in sales	0
I 'm not a nig and need a day off to smoke blunts and drink 40 ouncers .	I’m not a nigger and I need to take a day off to drink and smoke 40 ounces.	1
From the changing of the guard to the changing of the negro .	From the change to the change of the black.	0
It 's transmitted through food and water contaminated with fecal material .	It is transmitted via food and water contaminated by fecal material.	0
Get out the vomit bags !	Remove the vomiting bag!	0
The thought of Africans in space is laughable .	The thoughts of the Africans in space are ridiculous.	1
Hubble View of Eris and Dysnomia This is an image of the dwarf planet Eris ( center ) and its satellite Dysnomia ( at 9 o' clock position ) taken with NASA 's Hubble Space Telescope on Aug. 30 , 2006 .	This is an image of the dwarf planet Eris (centre) and its satellite Dysonomia (at 9 o'clock position) taken with NASA's Hubble Space Telescope on August 30, 2006.	0
Maybe you should encourage all the blacks to go there since they want to move there so desperately and the rest of you white americans should come to SA .	Maybe you should encourage all the black people to go there because they want to go so desperate, and you white Americans should come to SA.	0
Am i missing something here ?	Do I miss something here?	0
Most of my friends who went into the trades went to a vocational school , or took courses at a local community college .	Most of my friends who entered the profession went to vocational schools or taught at local community colleges.	0
At 17 years old , Travis Jones has been in front of a judge a few times before .	At the age of 17, Travis Jones had been before the judge several times.	0
Also , those stupid white women who watch Oprah and not realize the fact that Oprah is very racist .	Even the foolish white women who look at Oprah and don’t realize that Oprah is very racist.	0
It 's like they 've been `` Groomed '' .	It’s as if they’ve been ‘groomed’.	0
I 've always wanted a log cabin though .	I’ve always wanted to have a log cabin.	0
Stay White , Stay Healthy For The Fight	Stay White - Stay Healthy for the Fight	0
The amount of the Armenians chromosome haplotypes are closer to the England one .	The number of haplotypes of the Armenian chromosome is closer to that of England.	0
Why did it take so long to release it ?	Why did it take such a long time to release it?	0
-Yankee Jim	by Yankee JIM	0
I learned nearly everything I know about white nationalism on the internet .	I learned almost everything I know about white nationalism in the internet.	0
I 'm angry against myself for just letting this whole world drown into a jewish cesspool .	I was just angry with myself because I allowed the whole world to drown in the Jewish lawn.	1
LOL But yes , it does sound like a great plan .	LOL But yes, it sounds like a good plan.	0
I have n't seen it yet but I can tell you hand on heart not everyone on Benefits is scrounging scum .	I haven’t seen it yet, but I can tell you that the hand in the heart is not everyone in Benefits is scandalous.	0
Really ?	In reality?	0
It 's there .	This is there.	0
It's being reported by some of the British press who are usually more critical of Israel .	This is by some British media, which are often more critical of Israel.	0
Found this great link while surfing : http://www.freegifts4kids.com/index .... tion = home.home New and expecting parents receive FREE baby products and coupons from major baby companies such as Gerber , Nestle Carnation , and Mead Johnson Nutritionals .	I found this wonderful link during surfing: http://www.freegifts4kids.com/index.... tion = home.home New and expected parents get free babies from major baby companies such as Gerber, Nestle Carnation, and Mead Johnson Nutritionals	0
I dont mean with kids THAT young , you are doing the right thing with them.But an extreme approach works with teenagers	I don’t mean that kids are so young, you’re doing the right thing with them, but the extreme approach works with the teenager.	0
Now I will not go near them .	I will not come close to them now.	0
Even has a restaurant in it .	There is even a restaurant inside it.	0
My point is , that if you have a nice gun that you value , shoot good ammo in it .	My point is, if you have a good gun worth it, shoot a good ammunition on it.	0
Is My Awakening still in print ?	Is my awakening still on print?	0
http://www.azcentral.com/news/articl...bbery1219.html	HTTP://www.azcentral.com/ news/ article...bbery1219.html	0
Are there any English language links to read about this ?	Is there any link in English to read about this?	0
I actually have to take some law classes for my degree , What 's cited is that it 's impossible to treat all people equally because of their behavior .	In fact, I have to take some law courses for my degree, what is quoted is that it is impossible to treat all people in the same way due to their behavior.	0
Thank you brother .	Thanks to brother.	0
One thing that occurred to me is that the soldiers with those old school battle rifles would have traded them for this Sig in a heartbeat !	One of the things that happened to me was that soldiers with old school combat rifles would have exchanged them for this Sig with a heartbeat!	0
That goes for all shades of the republican movement .	This applies to all the nuances of the Republican movement.	0
I simply go over their research and then regurgitate the info .	I will just go on their search and then regurgitate the information.	0
Nationalists join the people of Ireland to attend the Rally For Life March in Dublin .	Nationalists join the Irish people to attend the March for Life in Dublin.	0
AOH are legends .	AOH is a legend.	0
How about telling them that you would gladly give the United States back to the Native Americans as long as White people got all of Europe back ?	How can you tell them that you’ll be happy to give the United States to the indigenous, as long as the white people give the whole Europe back?	0
Russians .	The Russians.	0
Let's not concern ourselves with an anti-GD video that barely has any views and will most likely only be watched by anarchists .	Let’s not worry about an anti-GD video, which has almost no point of view, most likely only watched by anarchists.	0
But you must know that caucasians is not like blacks , they just animals and subhumans .	But you have to know that Caucasians are not like black, they are just animals and subhuman.	1
the article says they went into mainstream schooling so i think that must have played a role in it.the drugs were proscribed to them for health problems	According to the article they went to the main school so I think it should play a role in it.The drugs were prohibited to them because of health issues.	0
If only they had cheap cameras you could hide in your baseball cap .	If only they have a cheap camera, you can hide in your baseball hat.	0
Trust me they can be defeated .	Believe me they are defeated.	0
I do not think anyone looks up to white Negroes , just the black ones and then they become wiggers .	No one looks at white blacks, only the blacks and I think they will become Vikers.	1
I was wondering if anyone else was having trouble accessing www.ireland-awake.tk ? i click the click and all that comes up is a DotTK registration page Anyone help ?	I was wondering if someone else has a problem with access to www.ireland-awake.tk? I click and everything happens is the DotTK registration page Anybody can help?	0
'Civilization ' is a very contemporary , yet PC-free history of Western Europe .	'Civilization' is the very modern but PC-free history of Western Europe.	0
I'd LOVE to stay at home and raise my children .	I would love to stay home and raise my kids.	0
I met her in person a month or two ago , she has n't been back on stormfront , I have n't even seen her on AIM lately , I 'd say email is your best hope of contacting her .	I met her personally one or two months ago, she has not been on the stormfront again, I haven’t even seen her on AIM recently, I’m going to say that email is your best hope to contact her.	0
Don't get yourself into trouble for something that is n't worth it .	Do not bother yourself for something that is not worth it.	0
i was a bmxer for a while until it got stolen by SOMEONE ... but i turned my attention to mountain bikes ... i like em you can actualy go places not just do stupid dog tricks	I was a bmxer for a while until it was stolen by someone... but I turned my attention to mountain bicycles... I like where you can go now not just do stupid dog tricks	0
Well, the entire world is being brain-washed by Judeo-American films , today everyone has a Jew in every corner of your house .	Well, the whole world has been brainwashed by Jewish American movies, and now everyone has Jews in every corner of your house.	1
Is it in your job contract to go to death to save the World ?	Is going to death to save the world in your employment contract?	0
I do like the outfit they dressed the simian in ; he looks so regal	I like the clothes they wear; he looks so beautiful	1
Seems to me that aluminum is lighter , softer , more prone to distortion , and creates more friction , as well as corroding more easily .	To me, aluminum seems to be lighter, softer, more inclined to distort, produce more friction, and corrode more easily.	0
We are more concerned about ZOG controlling US and Russia .	We are more concerned that ZOG is controlling the United States and Russia.	1
ETA of shaved head ....... some time in 2009 : P	I'm in the middle of 2009 :P	0
There is nothing to add to this post ...	There's nothing to add to the post...	0
Good luck !	Have good luck!	0
Yes Muslims do breed like vermin , i believe that 's part of their intention to breed out other races in order to make themselves the majority .	Yes, Muslims reproduce like worms, I think it’s part of their intention to raise other races to become the majority.	1
It is necessary for them to hide behind lies and false information because face it , the truth is not on their side .	They must be hiding behind lies and false information, because facing it, the truth is not on their side.	0
I've always been told that the Hungarians in Vojvodina live like nobles , with alot of compensation money since the communist regime resigned .	I have always been told that the Hungarians in Vojvodina lived like nobles, with a lot of compensation since the resignation of the communist regime.	0
Similar with Norway I think .	I think it is similar to Norway.	0
YouTube - Blacks Attack White Man On Subway YouTube - White Girl Beaten On A Bus By Blacks YouTube - Black gang attack-Tottenham High Road N1 .	YouTube - Black attacked white people in the subway YouTube - White girl hit in bus by black YouTube - black gang attack-tottenham highway N1	0
Also, 4 people break into a home and shoot and kill a 12 year old , and none of the major news outlets pick up the story ?	Also, four people broke into the house, shooting and killing a 12-year-old boy, and did not the major news media capture this story?	0
NOT !	But not!	3
Your courage and honestly are apprecated .	Your courage and honesty will be appreciated.	0
This thread has reduced me to tears so many times that I sometimes avoid it , and yet i thank the OP for it	This thread made me cry so many times and sometimes I would avoid it, but I thank OP for it.	0
I want to show them this thread .	I'd like to show you this thread.	0
If it 's brown , flush it down .	If it’s brown, spit it down.	1
3 * 9 * 50 scope .	3 x 9 x 50 of range.	0
He's a race traitor .	He is a racial traitor.	1
I 'd prefer to put them in one place before shipping them home .	I'd rather put them in one place before sending them home.	0
None of it 's takedowns or submission holds rely on brute strength , but instead on superb technique .	Its decline or surrender does not rely on brutal force, but instead relies on great skill.	0
It appears that if you are white in South Africa and you are about to be arrested , your fate is far worse than death .	It seems that if you are a white man in South Africa, you are about to be arrested, and your fate is much worse than death.	0
If a white person wants to do well at any kind of academic subject , languages , art etc etc. then simply fill your essays with racial integration , feminism and the love of other cultures and the like and you 'll be fine !	If a white person wants to do well in any type of academic subject, language, art, etc. then just fill out your essays with racial integration, feminism and love of other cultures	0
Sounds legit ....	It sounds legitimate.	0
And the weak may leave the Folk at a time of their choosing .	The weak may leave the people at the time of their choice.	0
I saw that episode of the Sopranos ... and was applauding Tony !	I watched that Sopranos show... and applauded Tony!	0
If all of this was true , you would not be beaten in every battle in I , II Balkan war and in WWI by us .	If all this was true, you’t be defeated in all the battles of the First War, the Second Balkan War and the World War.	0
Has Don Black or Jamie Kelso announced a PLE in their home town yet ?	Did Don Black or Jamie Kelso ever announce an EPA in their hometown?	0
I have a Cracking the new SAT guide , and some books required through an american home school .ISBN-10 : 0375764852 ISBN-13 : 978-0375764851 PM If youre interested .	I have a new SAT guide, and a few books required through an American home school.ISBN-10: 0375764852 ISBN-13: 978-037576 4851 PM If you are interested.	0
Gee , why do n't those `` sons of Obama '' matter ?	Gee, why are these “Obama’s sons” not important?	0
Putting it out there that I am in for a meet up , feel free to private message me .	By putting this where I am for a meeting, you feel free for a private message.	0
Click the little button that has a head with him speaking next to the `` edit '' button in your post .	Click on a small button with a head to speak with him next to the "Edit" button in your post.	0
Since when is Die Stem racist ?	When did you become racist?	0
a jew i know tried to get me arrested and set up numerous people i know despite him being a drug dealer himself	I know a Jew tried to arrest me and set up a lot of people I know, even though he was a drug dealer himself.	0
I would n't be surprised if the government took more taxes off our pay checks so that Trudeau could feed and house more rapeugees that are flooding our country .	I’t be surprised if the government pulls more taxes from our paychecks so that Trudeau can feed and accommodate more rapists who are flooding our country.	1
We should just isolate them so those mutated monkeys can completely whipe each other out .	We just need to isolate them so that these transformed monkeys can completely exclude each other.	1
I think you do the best you can to embrace the best of who you are by helping the white cause .	I think you’re doing your best to accept the best of who you are by helping the white cause.	0
Here is Peroutka 's latest on Jerry Falwells blind support of Bush .	Here’s Peroutka’s latest about Jerry Falwell’s blind support for Bush.	0
Im looking for a good Aryan white male in or around the central jersey or surrounding area or some new friends from all around	I'm looking for a good white man in or around Central Jersey or the surrounding area or new friends from everywhere	0
www.wlu.edu Wheaton College , Wheaton , Ill.	www.wlu.edu College of Wheaton, Wheaton.	0
The French martial art would be Savate , something I 've not heard about for decades .	The French martial art will be Savate, which I have not heard for decades.	0
We need to focus on mobilizing Europoid minds and using this science and building on it to save our from extinction and to Least Concerned status !	We need to mobilize the Europoid mind and focus on using this science and building it to save us from extinction and save us to a minimum of worry!	0
YouTube - & #x202a ; Rohirrim charges at Helmsdeep & #x202c ; & lrm ;	YouTube - & #x202a ; Rohirrim loads on Helmsdeep & # x202c ; & lrm;	0
There is a massive push to ban the Confederate flag , so we are showing support for our Southern brothers and sisters .	Since there is a massive move to ban the federal flag, we are supporting the Southern Brothers and Sisters.	0
My wife had to spend time at the UP Hospital in Philadelphia - thank God I was licensed to carry in Pa. Downtown Philadelphia is becoming a cesspool .	My wife had to spend time at the U.P. hospital in Philadelphia - thanks to God I was allowed to take it in the pa.	1
That'll be a ONE person average per county , and a sub on the bench in case anyone gets injured .	It’s an average of 1 person per county, and if someone gets injured, it’ll be 1 person on the bench.	0
I was wondering if you can give me a link on how to become ordained as a minister over the internet .	I wondered if you could give me a link to how I can be ordained as a priest via the Internet.	0
Hi my name is Chris I 'm 35 looking for white ladies to go on dates with that are devoted to one man .	Hello, my name is Chris I am 35 years old and seeking to go to a date where a white woman is dedicated to a man.	0
Protesting Catholic guilt mongering and intellectual deprivation is as worthy of mentioning as the protesting of institutionalized and indoctrinated White guilt from the Jewlords across the Apelantic .	The protest of the Catholic sin and intellectual deprivation is worth mentioning as the protest of institutionalized and Indian white sin of the Jews throughout Apelant.	1
Yet blacks get all their friends to jump in ?	But will the black people jump all their friends?	0
It is highly doubtful the Homo Sapiens went North .	It is very doubtful that the Homo sapiens have gone to the north.	0
Like I 've said before , Kevin Myers has always been a voice for us here in Ireland .	As I said before, Kevin Myers is always a voice for us here in Ireland.	0
Also charged are Sherrod Nicholas Harrison , 19 , Michael Graham Currie , 18 , and Van Roger Smith , 16 , all of Cameron in Harnett County .	The defendants include Sherrod Nicholas Harrison, 19, Michael Graham Currie, and Van Roger Smith, 16, and Cameron, from Hennett County.	0
Yes, no nationalists have appointed a Jewish prime minister so I 'm not sure why any one but an anti would claim as such .	Yes, the nationalists did not appoint a Jewish prime minister, so I’m not sure why anyone except the opponents would claim that.	0
Too bad you 're not in BC where I am .	It is a pity that you are not in the BC where I am.	0
Those who do not keep slaves to clean their toalets will see their children multiply and happily exist in thir own countries .	Those who do not let slaves clean their toilets will see their children reproduce and live happily in their own country.	0
You 're beautiful !	So you are beautiful!	0
yeah but you live in a big country , N. Ireland is quite small yet large numbers of the scum are invading these shores every day	Yes, but you live in a large country, N. Ireland is quite small, but a large number of skum are interfering with this coast every day.	1
This is a petition in opposition to the banning of Golden Dawn .	This is a petition against the ban on the Golden Dawn.	0
I feel sorry for whites living in Southern California .	I'm sorry for the white people living in southern California.	3
Why would anyone have that for someone not of their own race ?	Why would someone have that right for a person who is not of his race?	0
I wo n't own one , but they 're so entrancing .	I don't have one, but they're so intransigant.	0
For gods sake Davison you say `` many '' but I went to Iran when I was little ( I only went to Shiraz & Tehran ) & I never saw anyone with light hair or light eyes , I have since met a few with green eyes but never light hair so it couldnt have been `` many '' .	For God’s sake, Davison, you say “a lot,” but I went to Iran as a child (I only went to Silas and Tehran) and I’ve never seen anyone with bright hair or glowing eyes, I have met a few people with green eyes since then, but never bright	0
My family is ok adn they leave me alone but they are pretty liberal. so is my school .	My family is fine and they leave me alone, but they’re quite liberal.	0
Over and over , you hear about home-schooled kids beating out public school kids for spelling bees .	Again and again, you see children in family schools beating children in public schools and writing bees letters.	0
If I feel threatened especially by these fools you can bet I 'll be just as quick to kill as they are .	If I feel especially threatened by these stupid people, you can bet I’ll kill them as quickly as they are.	1
Stupid White Man TV Commercials	The stupid white men on television	0
I think asians are hot but they arent the girls I wanna get with.A wolf is pretty but do you wanna pet one ? White girls are only ones to be trusted .	I think the Asian people are hot, but they are the girls I want to get.The wolves are beautiful but you want a pet?	1
If the Jews are allowed to decide for everyone the correct version of history , I 'm sure they 'll eventually re-write the history around Jesus Christ .	If the Jews are allowed to choose the right version of history for everyone, I am sure that they will eventually rewrite the story about Jesus Christ.	1
https : //www.stormfront.org/forum/t384418 / https : //www.stormfront.org/forum/t291185 / https : //www.stormfront.org/forum/t113191 / https : //www.stormfront.org/forum/t46864 / https : //www.stormfront.org/forum/t101175 / https : //www.stormfront.org/forum/t118865 / https : //www.stormfront.org/forum/t142566/	HTTPS: //www.stormfront.org/forum/t384418 / https: // www.storgfront.com/forum / t291185 / https	2
This would explain their need to get their people inside every organization including christian churches and force themselves into power positions no matter the cost to anyone else .	This would explain their need to put their people within every organization, including the Christian churches, and to force themselves to positions of power, regardless of the cost for them.	0
Apparently , she has taken her suffering and used it to help other white people .	Obviously, she took her pain and used it to help other white people.	0
Here are a couple of security cam pics from the armed robbery that took place yesterday but was quickly ended by police .	Here are a few images of the security cameras of the armed theft that took place yesterday but was quickly completed by the police.	0
Today , you pay to look at table after table of guns priced at retail .	Today, you will pay to look after the price of the gun table in the retail store.	0
That's one of the best statements I 've read on this site .	That is one of the best statements I've read on this site.	0
The Hubble images were combined with images from the Keck telescopes taken on Aug. 20 , 21 , 30 , and 31 to measure the satellite 's orbit and calculate a mass for Eris , which is the largest dwarf planet in the solar system .	The Hubble image combined with the images taken by the Keck Telescope on August 20, 21, 30 and 31 to measure the satellite's orbit and calculate the mass of the largest dwarf planet in the solar system, Eris.	0
Robert	by roberto	0
Many British do n't have the white nation mentality they see a foreigner is a foreigner is a foreigner .	Many British people don’t have a white mindset, they think of foreigners as foreigners.	0
I made copies and passed em out to friends and family .	I made a copy and passed it on to friends and family.	0
Russian Oleg and Igor are Slavic versions of Scandinavian Helge and Ingvar .	The Russian Oleg and Igor are the Slavic versions of the Skandinavian Helge and Ingvar.	0
Front page of this weeks Folio Weekly ( free , and well-worth the price ) : Cover Story Running Like Crazy A new breed of fun runs with color , glow sticks and zombies leaves purists wondering what s next Jahshawn Marconi , Michelle Krueger , Carley Glasser , Britta Fortson , Madeline Fortson , Marisa Kenyon Zahariadis , Dillon Hawkins , Cody Burton , Sam Costanzo , Marci Gurnow , David Martinson and Sean Nagorny DENNIS HO	This week's home Folio Weekly (Free and Worth the Price) : Cover Story Run Like a Crazy a new variety of fun colours, flashes and zombies make you just wonder what is the next Jahshawn Marconi, Michelle Krueger, Carley Glasser, Britta Fortson, Madeleine FortSon, Marisa Kenyon Zahariadis, Dillon Hawkins, Cody Burton, Sam Costanzo, Marci Gurnow, David Martinson and Sean Nagorny DENNIS HO	0
A negro wearing a colourful uniform running over a line in the grass with a ball is not your achievement , and should n't give you any kind of thrill whatsoever .	A black man in a colour uniform that runs rows on the grass is not your accomplishment, and should not give you any kind of excitement.	0
Negro task master .	Black master of tasks.	0
Around here their always shooting .	This is about their constant shootings.	0
White South Africans should be free to move where ever they like in Euorpe .	White South Africans should be able to move wherever they want.	0
You cannot just assimilate one city block at a time .	You can’t simply assimilate a block of the city at once.	0
Thats a good point .	That is a good point.	0
She 'll quickly see that the info is good and the `` hate '' non-existant .	She will soon realize that the information is good and that “hate” does not exist.	0
I say ' cry havoc and let slip the dogs of war ' !	I say, “Let the dogs of war cry for destruction!”	0
However , after visiting a few intj specific forums I 'm much less enthusiastic regarding this personality type business .	However, after having visited some specific intj forums, I am much less enthusiastic about this type of personality.	0
I have long loved Tchaikovsky ballets and Mussorgsky operas and now I enjoy Russian traditional music as well .	I have long loved the ballets of Tchaikovsky and the operas of Mussorgsky and now I also love traditional Russian music.	0
Man that sucks lol ...	The man who falls down...	0
Welcome to the board , Mr. Roper .	Welcome to the Board of Directors, Mr. Roper.	0
Hey Braveheart , I am almost 20 years old and I am a 5 ' 6' ' , blond/blue , 120lb female .	Hey Braveheart, I am almost 20 years old and I am 5'6', blonde / blue, 120lb female.	0
If we give them a good hold on our land , then it will be hard to stop them .	If we give them a good place on our land, it will be difficult to stop them.	0
It was from a lady though and the girls here might want to give this a try , I did .	It came from a lady though, here the girl might want to give this one a try and I did.	0
Fee hours in any direction and there is none of that .	There are hours in every direction and there are no of them.	0
Hey, just joined today after being a lurker for a couple of months .	Hey, I just joined today, being a fraudster for a few months.	0
I can care less who 's better then who .	I care less about who is better than who.	0
2508	of 508.	0
Seriously Guys , It 's An Indian Symbol For Good Fortune - People Of Walmart : People Of Walmart	Seriously men, it's the Indian symbol for good luck - Walmart people: Walmarts people	0
All I have to do is get a picture of my old boss and compare .	All I have to do is take a picture of my former boss and compare it.	0
Justin Trudeau shows the international community that incompetence and arrogance are all it takes to lead a nation these days .	Justin Trudeau has shown the international community that incompetence and arrogance are needed to lead a nation today.	0
Top ten movies banned in Ireland Ten movies that the Irish censors blocked from Ireland 's cinemas Top ten movies banned in Ireland | IrishCentral	Top 10 Films Banned in Ireland 10 films that Irish censorship has blocked in Irish cinemas	0
I really do hate rap music .	I actually hate rap music.	0
LOL, ye she is gorgeous and a great talent as well .	LOL, you are beautiful and also a great talent.	0
Are you trying to kill me ?	Do you try to kill me?	0
Is Canada too big ?	Can Canada be too big?	0
The islamic disease is even more dangerous than the more obvious black or yellow disease .	The Islamic illness is even more dangerous than the more apparent black or yellow disease.	1
Didnt know that .	I did not know that.	0
Will be able to elect our own mayor soon .	They will soon elect their own mayor.	0
Those are the same Egyptians who have lived there for thousands of years .	These are the same Egyptians that have lived there for thousands of years.	0
Muds do n't respect anything , including themselves ( what 's to respect ) and therefore anyone else .	The mud does not respect anything, including themselves (which is to respect) and therefore no one else.	1
It is hate if we disagree with this ethnic scum and no hate crime if they attack us .	If we disagree with this ethnic hatred, it is hatred; if they attack us, there is no hate crime.	1
Read what is in Bold .	Find out what is brave.	0
Biological Europeans are the descendants of Neanderthals mixed with the humans seen today .	Biological Europeans are the descendants of the Neanderthals mixed with the people that are seen today.	0
hey all of you are not alone in this brothers. there are so many more than you will ever know. i am one of them and i am proud to be very white .	See, you are not all one of these brothers.There are many more than you know.I am one of them, and I am proud that I am very white.	0
I have been recently told that the 2nd toe , the one that rests beside the big toe is a genetic distinction if you are of Celtic Stock .	I’ve recently been told that the second neck, the one that will rest next to the big neck is a genetic distinction if you’re from the Celtic Stock.	0
You Tube You Tube You Tube You Tube You Tube Im sorry Im joking this is so funny	You Tube You Tube I'm sorry Im joke this is so funny	0
sure I will take note but I will continue to point out how you refuse to disclose any info that may give away your position on topics relating to WN .	I will note, but I will continue to point out how you refuse to publish information that could reveal your position on issues related to WN.	0
This is from Stormfront 's Advanced Scout forum which is solely devoted to promoting PLE - and its local militant front Legionism .	It is the Advanced Scout Forum of Stormfront that is dedicated solely to promoting the PLE – and its local legionist militant front.	0
i had a pair of levi 's that i wore whenever i did messy work .. they were my ' junk ' jeans. i usually wear anything that fits me. as for Docs i rarely wear them anymore. i wear sneakers now .	I had a couple of levis that I wear every time I do the work of messy.. they were my jeans'junk '. I usually wear everything that suits me. as for Docs I don't wear them more rarely. I wear sneakers now.	0
Booklet updated on Feb. 14th , 2014 .	Booklet was updated on February 14, 2014.	0
YouTube - Black guy throws baby into traffic YouTube - White girl gets beat up by black girls in front of the bar YouTube - African American flash mobs terrorize Philadelphia yet again YouTube - 6 Black Women beat latino girl for bad karoke	YouTube - A black boy throws a baby into YouTube traffic - A white girl is beat by black girls in front of the YouTube bar - African flash-mobs terrorise Philadelphia again YouTube - 6 black women beat	0
My email is in my profile .	My email address is on my profile.	0
Light from the explosion first reached planet Earth over 30,000 years ago .	Light from the explosion reached the planet Earth for the first time 30,000 years ago.	0
Those poor kikes they cant even escape antisemetism in the country were it is punishable by death ( I am talking about palestinians )	Poor Kika, they can’t even escape anti-Jewism in this country, but it’s a death penalty (I’m talking about Palestinians)	1
Sry I didnt respond sooner but right now im using free aol accounts	Thank you, I didn't reply earlier, but now I use a free aol account	0
I agree with your post and this is a good way to be active .	I agree with your post and it's a good way to be active.	0
It's no surprise Irish girls would do that .	It is not surprising that Irish girls do that.	0
These areas that you name are the preserve of the rich , you wont find a single white working class person living there.We might look down on blacks and pakis as scum and not want them living near us but the upper class feel exactly the same about us	What you’re calling these areas are the protected areas of the rich, and you won’t find a white working class that lives there, and we might look at blacks and buckys as dirty and don’t want them to live next to us, but the upper class feels exactly the same to us.	1
The next time I see her on TV3 bitching about the latest immigrant gripe i 'll * * * * ing die !	The next time I see her crying on TV3 about the recent migration flu I’ll die!	0
In BB .	by BB.	0
Free ride for 4 years without grades involved , State champ band , I know the coons hate that , White boy got ryhtm , !!!!!!!! 3.88 gpa will kick in soon .	Free driving for 4 years without degrees involved, State Champ Band, I know that the Coons hate, White Boy has ryhtm,!!!!!!!! 3.88 gpa will soon be in kick.	0
The reality is that the White race is a minority race .	The reality is the white race is a minority race.	0
Sometimes when a person dyes their hair black it looks very strange .	Sometimes, when a person paints his hair black, it looks very strange.	0
Wow , hundreds of dollars per day spent in the hacking attacks ???	Wow, hundreds of dollars a day are spent on hacking attacks???	0
The Rübenach and Rodendorf families. .	The Rodendorf and Rübenach family.	0
it looks like jews have taken over ukar.org but you can read the section of the website dealing with the kosher tax on archive.org : http://web.archive.org/web/200602110...r.org/tax.html	It seems that the Jews have taken over Ukar.org, but you can read the website page about the Kosher tax: http://web.archive.org/web/200602110...r.org /tax.html	0
The pay is poor to fair ( you wo n't get rich ) .	The wages are poor and fair (you are not rich).	0
Video: Brawl At St. Louis Community College ! ( One Lady Fighting With Her Own Baby In Arms & Another Dude Swinging On Girl )	Video: Brawl at St. Louis Community School! (A lady fights with her own baby in her arms and another dirty on a girl)	0
It is stupid as hell but it happens all the time .	It’s stupid like hell, but it’s happening all the time.	0
14/88	13 / 88	0
Are there any ple`s started yet then ? and if so where are they so we can check them out maybe we will move to one .	Are there any plans that started at the time? and if so, where are they so that we can check them, maybe we’ll make a shift	0
Why would the press be covering this .	Why does the media cover this?	0
Pontius Pilate washed his hands , announced that he found nothing wrong and left it up to the Jews. )	Pontius Pilate washed his hands and declared that nothing was wrong, and left it to the Jews.	0
A lot there are old , but I have lots of new ones I 'll be adding soon .	There are many old ones, but I have many new ones that I will add soon.	0
Burlington coat factory opening .	Opening of the Burlington coat factory.	0
Can we have a warning before pictures like that are posted on here please ?	Can I make a warning before such a picture is posted here?	0
The title is White Nationalist com , but it should read White Nationalist companies .	The title is the White Nationalism Association, but it must read the White People's Society.	0
I myself like to use Euro pride world wide in a collective effort .	I like to use the euro pride around the world as a collective effort.	0
Go to his profile and leave a message .	Go to her profile and leave her a message.	0
Man apprehended in killing of ex-girlfriend in suburban West Palm Beach	Man arrested for murder of former girlfriend in West Palm Beach	0
She is white but looks somewhat below average for a white Swedish girl , I think .	She was white, but looked a little lower than the average of white Swedish girls, I think.	0
What does it mean when you have blue eyes with a slight ring of brown around the pupil ?	What does it mean if you have blue eyes with a small brown ring around your pupil?	0
Words of old wisdom , `` proverbs '' : `` Paljon puhetta , vähän villoja '' - ( context : shearing ) `` Lot ´ s of talk , few of wool '' ( meaning : shut up and do your work ) `` Missä paljon puhetta , sieltä totuus kaukana '' - ( context : universal ) " , Truth is far away , where there ´ s much speech " ( meaning : blabbering for vanitys sake is not only useless but also a sin )	Ancient wisdom, phrase: "Paljon puhetta, vähän villoja" - (background: cut) "many talk, very little wool" (meaning: close up and do your work) "Missa paljon puheta, sieltä totuus kaukana" - "True truth is far away, there is a lot of talk" (Meaning: Praise for vanity is not only useless, but also sinful)	0
LK	lk is	0
Typical	Type of	0
Good for my young kids too , they watch old westerns and Anime cartoons .	Good for my little children, they are watching old western and cartoon comics.	0
WWII was always a favorite subject .	WWII has always been my favorite theme.	0
You need a class 3 dealer license to own a machine gun .	A Class 3 dealer license is required to own a machine gun.	0
wtf is feminist about a child speaking out against being trafficked to an old pedophile or anyone else objecting to pedophilia ?	WTF is a feminist about children being opposed to being sold to elderly teenagers, or pedophiles to others	0
Andy Cameron - Ally 's Tartan Army ( TOTP ) 1978 - YouTube	Andy Cameron: Ally's Tartan Army (TOTP) 1978	0
Denmark : 2.3 ( 2001 ) , 1.1 ( 2002 ) , 0.9 ( 2003 ) , 0.6 ( 2004 ) . ( assuming population of 5.4 million ) Good job Denmark !	Denmark : 2.3 (2001), 1.1 (2002), 0.9 (2003), 0.6 (2004). ( assuming a population of 5.4 million ) Good work Denmark!	1
If monkeys are on my property i call animal control and defend my family and property with whatever means possible , simply talking sense to a monkey and pointing at it will not stop it from misbehaving !	If the monkey is on my property, I call the animal control and by any possible means defend my family and property, just the meaning of talking to the monkeys and pointing out that it will not stop it from misleading!	1
His commenters drone on , about how `` all races must all stick together '' .	His comments wrote drones about how "all races should be together."	0
hi i have short hair im 5 ' 5 racist as hell im not fat im from mass theres a small group of us out here it 's so hard to new meet people with your believes im just looking to date some one who gets were im coming from are make new friends so if your out there give me a email back 88 heily : explode	Hi, I have a short hair im 5'5 racist because hell im is not fat im from the mass there is a small group of us here it is so hard to meet new people with your faith im just looking for dating someone who gets im from being new friends so if your is there give me an email back to 88 heily : exploding	0
Hats off to the Knight 's Party !	Shoes off for the Knight’s Party.	0
Maybe I will try later .	Maybe I'll try later.	0
No but I was typing fast and must 've pushed shift too early ( since you need to push shift to use the ? symbol )	No, but I had to be typing fast and pressed the switch too early (because you have to press the switch to use the symbol)	0
Egyptian TV Host : The Jews Are Using the Holocaust to Suck the Blood of the Germans - YouTube	Egyptian TV: Jews use the Holocaust to dry the blood of the Germans	1
Perry Ross Schiro , 19 , of Harnett County was charged yesterday with murder in the Sept. 21 shooting death of Emily Elizabeth Haddock .	Perry Ross Schiro, 19, from Harnett County, was accused yesterday of killing Emily Elizabeth Haddock on September 21.	0
Kurt Angle youngest of 5 brothers , Brock Lesnar youngest of 3 brother .	Kurt Angle is the youngest of five brothers and Brock Lesnar is the smallest of three brothers.	0
Dear Farhard-On , ...................... / ´ ¯ / ) .................... , / ¯ .. / ................... / .... / ............. / ´ ¯ / ' ... ' / ´ ¯ ¯ ` · ¸ .......... / ' / ... / .... / ....... / ¨ ¯ \ ........ ( ' ( ... ´ ... ´ .... ¯ ~ / ' ... ' ) ......... \ ................. ' ..... / .......... ' ' ... \ .......... _ . · ´ ............ \ .............. ( .............. \ ............. \ ...	This is what I am saying to you, this is what you are saying to me.	0
I sin fritid går Karina Sørensen på jagt med sin far , dyrker styrketræning eller nyder tilværelsen med sin kæreste .	In her free time, Karina Sørensen goes on hunting with her father, dyrker styrketræning eller nyder tilværelsen med sin kærester.	2
Oh and by the way WECOME TO STROMFRONT 100 % WHITE POWER WAR SKINS 2508	Come to Stromfront 100% White Power War Skins 2508	0
My brother said the chant 3 times also ..	My brother also sang the song three times.	0
Don't like the way the cowards kicks Tyrone on the floor then his mate screams like he has won the fight .	Do not enjoy the way the enemy hits Tyrone on the ground, then his girlfriend screamed as if he had won the battle.	0
I 'd avoid the Baldwin/Idlewild area at all costs , but everywhere around there is extremely beautiful , lots of nature , etc .	I’m going to avoid the Baldwin/Idlewild area at all costs, but everything around is very beautiful, a lot of nature, and so on.	0
Bump!	The bump.	0
Intelligent Masculine Black Fed Ex Man comes to save the day and explain how stupid the white man is .	The clever black man Fed Ex Man comes to save a day and explains how stupid white men are.	0
Probably not .	Possibly not.	0
Make it happen !	Make that happen!	0
Unfortunately , we missed out last year but this year s occasion will definitely make up for it .	Unfortunately, we missed last year, but this year’s opportunity will surely compensate for it.	0
She came to hate the African poachers and showed no mercy towards them .	She hated African hunters and showed no mercy to them.	0
It puts a warm smile on my face every year .	Every year I get a warm smile on my face.	0
I know exactly what you 're saying , I just hate to see those worthless apes benefit from the great things that whites do .	I know what you’re talking about, and I just hate seeing those worthless monkeys benefit from the great things white people do.	1
I think I was my own `` tiger mom '' when in Montessori school ... around age 3 My memories are vague ( cue song ) but Mumsy said they had hoola hoops we sat in and whenever a kid stepped in mine I slapped him/her .	I think it was my own “Tiger Mom” when I was in Montessori school... At the age of three, my memories were uncertain, but Mumsy said we had a hologram where we sat and every time the child walked in me I beat him.	0
i met my wife at the gun range which i was manager of at the time , a woman who shoots guns and hunts is a keeper for sure ..	I met my wife on the gun line at the time when I was gun manager, and a woman who was shooting gun and hunting was definitely a doorkeeper.	0
Eyes Wide Open , Just saw this link posted elsewhere and thought it relating to what you said .	Eyes Wide Open, I just posted this link elsewhere and thought it refers to what you said.	0
But we 'll see .	But we’ll see.	0
I read in the paper today that they are `` concidering '' hate crime charges .	I read today in the newspaper that they are “judging” the hate crime accusations.	0
- YouTube Obama Is Going To Pay For My Gas And Mortgage !!!	- YouTube Obama will pay for my gas and my mortgage!!!	0
My scientist can beat the living life out of your scientist on any day .	My scientists can defeat your scientist's life any day.	0
Please check out my add on this singles site and if you are interested send me a e-mail with your photo and I will get back to you. redbarron	Please check my add-on on this singles website and if you are interested, send me an email with your photo and I will return to you.	0
Our Polish-American reader stands with Donetsk !	Our Polish-American readers stand with Donetsk!	0
I had no idea where Mississauga was , other than in Canada , so I decided to look it up .	I don’t know where Mississippi is, except outside Canada, so I decided to look at it.	0
And that goes for Eastern Europeans and Asians as well .	This also applies to East Europeans and Asians.	0
I assume you went to the High Caliber gun show in Houston , I usually go when they are in Conroe and I know the feeling the last two or three times I did n't get much or see anything that really caught my eye .	I suppose you’ve gone to the high-caliber weapons show in Houston, I usually go when they’re in Conroe and I know the feeling the last two or three times that I don’t have a lot or that I see something that really has	0
Stand Up and Sound Off Nathan	Get up and turn off Nathan.	0
Be sure to make note of the new address to buy things from The Knights !	Please be aware of the new address to purchase items from The Knights!	0
Gatsby Coram & Stoney Westmoreland - FedEx Commercial `` Vacation at home '' - YouTube	Gatsby Coram and Stoney Westmoreland - FedEx Commercial "Holidays at Home" - YouTube	0
Cool, I have never been in this section that I remember .	Cool, I’ve never been to this part I remember.	0
Aragorn	by Aragoron	0
The German men sound so sexy .	German men are so sexy.	0
Why do you feel a need to talk about this publicly ?	Why do you feel the need to speak about this publicly?	0
Check local and regional post 's once in a while .	Check the local and regional posts from time to time.	0
Special Spring snack for Kes .	Special breakfast for the spring.	0
If interested email me at claw9165@yahoo.com	If you are interested, send me an email to claw9165@gmail.com	0
I keep two bowls of candy near my door. between 5 and 7 , it is mostly neighborhood kids ( mostly middle class whites but a few middle class non-whites ) .	I had two bowl of candy at the doorstep, between 5 and 7, it was mostly the neighbor’s children (mostly middle-class white men, but some non-whites of the middle class).	0
CF	cf is	0
Literally !!!!	literally!	0
Not free , but great for programming , business , and design learning , Lynda.com.	Not free, but perfectly suitable for programming, business and design learning, Lynda.com.	0
When they took the cross off the Canadian flag then we were doomed .	When they took the cross from the Canadian flag, we were destroyed.	0
Hopefully they will get deportation orders and be on the next flight back to Cairo .	Hopefully they will be ordered to be deported and return to Cairo on the next flight.	1
I want to meet someone here while I am in the north to show this southern boy around Email me at Justintime712@cs.com	I want to meet someone here while I'm in the north to show this southern guy around Email me at Justintime712@cs.com	0
Revolver had been used all hunting season , shotgun was fresh out of sitting in attics/closets since the late 1800s or early 1900s .	The rifle is used in all hunting seasons, and the rifle has been sitting in tents / closets since the late 1800s or early 1900s.	0
If they ban the celtic cross as a hate symbol it 'll make every graveyard in Ireland a shrine with thousands crosses in them around or country	If they prohibit the Celtic Cross as a symbol of hatred, it will make every cemetery in Ireland a sanctuary with thousands of crosses around them or in the country.	0
Over the last year I have increased my personal efforts ten fold I think we are among the last whites with the hope of saving our people .	Over the past year, my personal efforts have doubled, and I think we are the last white people with hope of saving our people.	0
The context that Aryan seems to be used most is to describe a person of European heritage who is of a pure blood line i.e. no Jewish blood in them ect .	The context in which Arians appear to be most widely used is to describe people of pure ancestry, that is, people of European heritage without Jewish blood in them.	0
Don't say it is an abomination .	Do not say it's an abomination.	0
Get one of these t-shirts for next time you see him : - Asatru Versand - Kein Islam in Europa - Das Christentum ist schlimm genug ( T-Shirt ) Kein Islam in Europa - Das Christentum ist schlimm genug ( T-Shir themd-kein-islam	You can see him the following time with one of these shorts: - Asatru Versand - Don't do Islam in Europe - Das Christentum ist schlimm genug ( T-shirt ) Don'ts do Muslim in Europe – Christianity don't have enough rest (	1
Yes , I figured that out on my own a few hours later .	I thought about it myself after a few hours.	0
YouTube - Broadcast Yourself .	YouTube – Broadcast your own.	2
And I wonder how many of those couples regret crossing the color line ?	I wonder how many of these couples regret crossing the colour line?	0
If not ...	But if not...	0
Might I suggest this documentary series for getting rid of europhobic tendencies ?	Can I recommend this documentary series to get rid of the europhobic tendency?	0
It was a brutal war .	This was a cruel war.	0
WWW.ARTJONESINFO.COM	Website of ArtJonesinfo.com	0
Even niglets past and present see the purity of the racial White soul .	Even the black people of the past and the present see the purity of the racial white soul.	0
There are too many wonderful people on here to mention .. you will meet them soon enough .	There are so many great people here to mention..You'll meet them soon enough	0
Stupid is when someone do n't want the truth .	It’s stupid when a person doesn’t want the truth.	0
Mexicans are real prone to diabetes and I want to help them get to Hell as soon as possible .	Mexicans are really prone to diabetes, and I want to help them get to hell as quickly as possible.	1
No further words are needed .	There are no further words needed.	0
gander mountain told me there is no money in it surely there is some where what a great trade it would be	Gander Mountain told me, if there were no money, it would be a big trade.	0
You may aswell start up a party called British Racist Party , the word fascist is deemed as bad if not worse .	You can also set up a political party called the British Racist Party, where the word fascism is considered bad, if not worse.	0
`` Those who ca n't do , teach '' - my dad .	“Whoever does not do it, teach” – Daddy.	0
That is approximately 3 non-Whites living in a 1218 square mile area .	This represents about 3 non-whites living on an area of 1218 square miles.	0
It became that way because years and years ago , joe louis ran a camp for ghetto kids there .	That’s because many years ago Joe Lewis was running a camp for ghetto children there.	0
But the Truth or Fiction site also says it 's false .	But the truth and fiction sites also say that it is false.	0
I thought there was talk not too long ago about Putin extending the terms to stay in office ?	I thought it wasn’t too long ago that Putin was talking about extending the deadlines to take office.	0
I just turn up the sound and I can work and listen .	I just turn the sound up and can work and hear.	0
Y!	Oh yeah!	0
Check out my thoughts !	Look at my thoughts!	0
What you say is true but bear in mind that what a person chooses to wear on the outside is a personal statement of what 's on the inside .	What you say is true, but keep in mind that someone chooses to wear outside is a personal expression of what is inside.	0
HydraDeck Humans - YouTube	The HydraDeck Human - YouTube	0
Or just plain hatred ? whatever it is it is a terrible thing to do .	Or just pure hatred? no matter what it is, it’s a terrible thing.	0
My 22 pump action long rifle for fun My mosin nagant for hunting My semi automatic 12 gauge for home defense buck shots My browning 1919 for personal side arm My mauser k 98 k scoped for hunting	My 22 long rifle action pump for fun My mosin nagant for hunting My semi-automatic 12 gauge for domestic defense buck shoot My brown 1919 for personal side arm My mauser k 98 k scoped for the c	0
Screen Wait till the end when the Blond girlfriend comes in ...	Wait until the end, until the blonde girlfriend comes.	0
For ten dollars it would give me some entertainment .	It costs $10 and will give me some fun.	0
Your more than welcome if your predominantly Irish in ancestry .	More welcome if your state is of Irish origin.	0
The Jew Fag professes to be a White Nationalist .	The Jewish Fag claims to be a white nationalist.	3
I clean my own toilet as for public toilets and such there is no dirty work there it is an Economical contribution 2508	I clean my own bathroom as for the public baths and so there is no dirty work there is an economic contribution 2508	0
It 's pretty old , but I have n't seen it in this thread .	It’s pretty old, but I’ve not seen it in this thread.	0
Any Europeans traveling to this country must be insane , I hope any Whites traveling there stay safe and use good judgement at night .	All Europeans traveling in this country must be crazy, I hope that all the White people traveling there will remain safe and use a good judgment at night.	0
Southern Missouri is very pretty .	The south of Missouri is beautiful.	0
Its got to be a quote from someone .	It must be someone’s reference.	0
Im just glad there is a platform for us like minded whites to talk openly about the troubles we face without being dragged through the courts on hate charges ..	We are pleased that there is a platform to speak clearly about the difficulties we face, without being brought to court in a hate case.	0
If it was n't then it meant that those same Celts went through some serious racial degradation before Europeans really started arriving .	If not, it meant that these same Celts underwent severe racial degradation before the Europeans really began to arrive.	0
According to their facebook page they 're up and running again , not sure how given the loss of the admin block .	According to their Facebook page, they “reboot and run again, not knowing how to consider the loss of an administrator block.”	0
People will say that the disease we brought killed most of them , but huge numbers of them died of an unknown disease before Columbus came into contact with them .	People would say that the disease we brought killed most of them, but before Columbus came into contact with them, many of them died of an unknown disease.	0
I sometimes practice my arguments on Blacks , I have gotten 2 of them ranting about Jews to all of their friends .	I sometimes practice my arguments about blacks, and I have two people telling their friends that they are Jews.	0
All she needed was some attention and patience .	What she needed was a little attention and patience.	0
http://projects.latimes.com/homicide ... t/blog/page/1/	http://projects.latimes.com/ kill people... t/blog/page/1/	0
``TheDark Romance of Dian Fossey '' ( 1990 ) by Harold TP Hayes Under the mentorship of noted anthropologist Louis Leakey , Dian Fosse spent 16 years in Africa researching the last remaining mountain gorillas .	Under the guidance of renowned anthropologist Louis Leakey, Dian Fossey spent 16 years in Africa investigating the last remaining mountain gorillas.	0
hi all i am from south of london. hope to make many like minded friends got bored of listening to the lefties so need to talk to real people	Hi, I'm from South London.I hope that many like heart friends get tired of listening to Leftys, so need to talk to real people	0
God bless them all , to hell with the blacks .	God bless them all and go to hell with the black.	1
This used to be my home town and was a common site , unfortunately .	It was once my home, but unfortunately it was a common place.	0
No one is here to try to convert anyone .	Nobody is here to attempt to convert anyone.	0
Don't you think you should ask this at a forum where the vast majority of people actually claim that they are white supremacists ?	Don’t you think you should ask this question on a forum where the vast majority of people claim to be white supremacists?	0
Music and the right art to go with it is perfect in my opinion .	Music and the proper art to go with it is perfect to me.	0
Taking it to the authorities is the worst thing you can do .	Giving it to authorities is the worst thing that you can do.	0
ASIAN security guards !?	The Asian Security Guard.	3
Are you suggesting they should n't appreciate this ?	Do you suggest that they shouldn’t be grateful for this?	0
Thanks .	and thanks.	0
No problems at all .	There are no problems at all.	0
This is such an exciting project !	This is such a exciting project!	0
Thankfully, the C.W. Camp-Out will go ahead this year .	Fortunately, the C.W. Camp Out will continue this year.	0
Why yes you should !	So why should you do that!	0
http://www.wpix.com/news/wpix-jersey ... , 5347881.story = = = = = Police arrested two men on suspicion of stealing more than $ 50,000 worth of property from an Avondale home Tuesday afternoon , thanks in part to attentive neighbors .	http://www.wpix.com/news / wpix-jersey..., 5347881.story = == = = = Police arrested two men on Tuesday afternoon on suspicion that they stole property worth more than $50,000 from Avendler's house, in part thanks to the attention of neighbors.	0
Show me some progress in our struggle .	Show us the progress of our struggle.	0
C Cheers to all my WHITE BROTHERS AND SISTERS .	Congratulations to all white brothers and sisters.	0
The greatest result of this is that their narrative will become so estranged from the truth it will HELP wake people up .	The greatest result of this will be that their stories will get so far away from the truth and help people wake up.	0
They know what happened or not .	They do know what has happened or not.	0
Pity Nationalists in Britain are busy fighting each other as opposed to uniting and pushing the cause to a wider audience .	Britons are busy fighting against each other, rather than uniting, and pushing their cause to a wider audience.	0
And theres a good chance these children will end up race mixing back into the white gene pool , mongrelizing our race .	And there’s a good chance that these kids will eventually blend into a white genetic pool that will color our race.	1
I would n't say I 'm looking at things too literally .	I’t say I’d look at things too literally.	0
Guy looks like he could be Mexican .	Guy seems to be a Mexican.	0
The electric Jew and Sports happened to appease the masses of White people .	Electric Jews and sports attracted white people.	0
I jumped to conclusions .	I was jumping to conclusions.	0
If you wanna go into specifics , one name is Anglo-Norman while the other is Anglo-Irish .	If you want to go further, one is Anglo-Norman, and the other is anglo-Irish.	0
They are trying to dumb us down on purpose ( said to say , it 's been working ) .	They’re trying to cheat us for a purpose (to say, it’s already working).	0
To me , the definition of a WN peace maker is a White person who uses political will and psyhical expression to defend and create the survival and existence of the White race .	For me, the definition of a WN peacemaker is a white person who uses political will and psychological expression to spread the survival and existence of the white race.	0
It'd be nice to know .	It would be good to know.	0
Their nonwhite societies are failing in every area and yet they are trying to force White civilization to accept their backward nonwhite culture .	Their non-white societies fail in all fields and yet they try to force the white civilization to accept their backward non-White culture.	1
I agree with your post except if its a white they will say so .	I agree with your comment, unless it's a white one, they'll say so.	0
I 'd put him somewhere between the typical African and an ape .	I'd put him somewhere between a typical African and a monkey.	1
Swedish land perhaps ?	Maybe a Swedish country?	0
A non-citizen shall have no such rights , but also no such duty .	Non-citizens do not have such rights, but they do not also have such obligations.	0
Camie	by Camille	0
Arkan _ USA	Arkan - United States of America	0
The video about the `` Day of honour '' , is really cool .	The video about “Honor Day” is really cool.	0
Thanks, ive actually found this to be a very warm and welcoming site , been reading for a few weeks now , thought id register .	Thank you, Ive has actually discovered that this is a very warm and welcoming site and has been reading over the last few weeks and thought about ID registration.	0
Thanks for the kind words in a pm .	Thank you for the good words you wrote in PM.	0
Get over watching monkeys throw a ball around and get a real hobby for God 's sake .	See the monkeys throwing a ball and get a real hobby for God.	1
Hey there Welcome to Stormfront .	Welcome to the Stormfront.	0
Travel abroad ( Something I have never done ! ) 5 .	Traveling abroad (Something I’ve never done!)	0
Take care .	Please take care.	0
I never have but I imagine its a little too easy to off someone that way .	I never have it, but I think it’s a bit too easy to get rid of someone in this way.	0
Those of you listening to the new edition of the My Awakening Audio Book -- How do you like it so far ?	Those of you who are listening to the new edition of My Awakening Audio Book - How have you liked it so far?	0
It has some interesting appendices as well , as well as maps etc .	There are also some interesting appendices, as well as maps, etc.	0
Exactly.	More specifically.	0
Whiter than Armenians for sure .	They are more white than the Armenians.	0
If you need some help and I could provide it , send me a PM .	If you need help and I can provide it, send me a PM.	0
I'm too lazy to reread , did he say ' Teacher `` or '' Teacher 's asst . " ?	I’m too lazy, did he say “the teacher’s ass” or “the teachers’ ass?”	0
http://www.cbc.ca/storyview/AOL/worl...ts-050802.html My dads good friend left for Sudan about a week ago for a Bonb Disposal company on a three month assigment .	http://www.cbc.ca/storyview/AOL/worl...ts-050802.html My father's good friend left Sudan about a week ago for a three-month recruitment company Bonb Disposal.	0
Well at least I was when is was 15 that 's how long ago the picture was taken .	Well, at least I was 15 years old at the time, this is how long ago the photo was taken.	0
Well all of us Chicago based people should get together then and toast this disgustingly loving soon to be couple with a round of good brew .	Well, all of us in Chicago people should gather together, and then quickly make this ugly love a pair of a round good bread.	0
Black and Asian immigrants who are coming in and those who were borne here and their breading patterns are the threat to our gene pool and not other white Europeans such as polish people .	Black and Asian immigrants come here and those who are caught here and their spread patterns are a threat to our genetic pool rather than other white Europeans, such as Poles.	1
http://tlt.its.psu.edu/suggestions/ ... entsHandout.pdf or . . .	HTTP://tlt.its.psu.edu/suggests/... entsHandout.pdf or..	0
hello all im thinking of going to europe in the next couple weeks and am trying to decide between ireland and eastern europe .	Hi, I’m thinking about going to Europe in the next few weeks and I am trying to make a decision between Ireland and Eastern Europe.	0
My recommendation for a first handgun is always XD or Glock .	My first handgun recommendation is always XD or Glock.	0
Lol I only listened to Bulls on Parade cause it gave me that angry rush I like from music , but now I 'll stop listening to that trash .	Lol I just listened to the Bulls at the parade because it gave me my favorite anger in music, but now I’m going to stop listening to that waste.	0
I say take asian obsessed white men and dump them in some third world asian crap whole and never let them come back .	I say to take the obsessed Asian white men and throw them into a third Asian world and never let them go home.	1
Both my first and last name are of Scottish origin .	My first name and last name is from Scotland.	0
Most likely Putin was not behind any of the killings , but certain criminal gangs from Caucasus or corrupt members in Russian military/security agencies .	It is likely that Putin is not behind any of the murders, but some Caucasian criminal gangs or corrupt members of Russian military/security agencies.	0
It 's no longer cause your German Polish English Urainian or Russian as long as we are white from our Aryan blood line we are all brothers and sisters !	It is no longer because your German-Polish-English-Ukrainian or Russian, as long as we are white of our Aryan bloodline, we are all brothers and sisters	0
Ignorance is when someone do n't know the truth .	Ignorance is when one does not know the truth.	0
Watch out for them one-droppers .	Pay attention to the one-dropper.	0
My guess is that if your district has too few `` minority '' students they will start bussing them in from more `` cultural '' neighborhoods .	My guess is that if there are too few “minority” students in your area, they will begin to attract them from more “cultural” communities.	0
Exposed man charged with risk of injury Found with child in car Just another day in da hood ....	The victim was accused of risk of injury found in the car with a child.	0
welcome. here we promote white unity. british occupation of n.ireland is another issue. we cannot succeed if we promote hate against other whites. that is a fundamental tenet of white nationalism. just something to think about .	The British occupation of Northern Ireland is another issue, and we cannot succeed if we promote hatred of other whites, which is the basic principle of white nationalism.	0
Texas Marine dies defending his wife in French Quarter He was fatally stabbed after a formal Marine Corps ball Marines mourn sergeant stabbed in French Quarter | National | Chron.com - Houston Chronicle	The Texas Mariner dies defending his wife in the French Quarter He was fatally beaten after an officer of the Marines Corps ball Marines cried sergeant beaten in the french neighborhood.	0
well like I said , I keep to myself .	As I said, I hold on to myself.	0
We could have so much more sports medals if our politicians and authorities were not such greedy bastards ...	We could have had a lot more sports medals if our politicians and authorities weren’t such covetous bastards.	0
All we have is blacks and a few mestizos and all are pretty well behaved , we keep them that way around here	Everything we have is black and a few methys and they all act very well, we keep that way here	1
The capacity is lower .	The capacity is low.	0
Great job guys .	Very good job guys.	0
I'm happy to hear Ms. Rosen will survive and hopefully put this behind her at some point ?	I’m glad to hear Mrs. Rosen will survive, hoping to be able to leave this thing behind her at some point?	0
Seriously now , best of luck ! 88 Crissy	Good luck and good luck! 88 Crissy	0
Stormfront .	The stormfront.	0
I keep telling people about things like this , and they never believe me .	I still tell people about such things, and they never believe me.	0
Invictus Press Home Page	Invictus news website	0
Haha Doze gangstaas don kno sheeeeiit bout pimpin	Twelve Gangstaas Don Kno Seieeei	0
I hear some great radio ads for National Vanguard , but only during the American Dissident Voices shows .	I heard some great radio ads for National Vanguard, but only in the U.S. opposition voice program.	0
She says the class is out of control and the kids are unteachable , and the black administration does not support her .	She said the classroom was out of control, the children were not educated, and the black government did not support her.	0
I just refer to them as primates as through THEIR evolution process they are just a little bit higher on the evolutionary chain which makes them all the more dangerous to whites , than any of their animalistic cousins .	I just called them primitives because, through their evolutionary processes, they were slightly higher in the chain of evolution, which made them more dangerous to white people than any of their animalist cousins.	1
Not just that , but many people who adopt kids are capable of making their own pure white children .	Not only that, but many people who adopt children are able to make their own children white.	0
At that distance , this narrowband composite image would be about 300 light-years across .	At this distance, this narrow band composite image is about 300 light-years long.	0
Like dressing up as an Amerindian in kindergarden .	How to dress like an American Indian in the garden.	0
Hail Celtic Dawn	The Celtic Morning	0
Two days ago I tapped out a half asian , half White mongrel who was bigger than me .	Two days ago, I caught a half-Asian, half-white mongrel bigger than me.	1
To be honest I have not heard in yrs of any skinheads beating anyone up what a shame it should be an everyday event .	To be honest, I haven’t heard any skinheads beat anyone over the years, what a shame that it should be a everyday event.	0
I know people have posted this link on StormFront before but I think this is one of the easiest ways to become involved .	I know people have previously posted this link on StormFront, but I think this is one of the easiest ways to get involved.	0
That's because they do n't whore themselves out and end up looking like they 're forty at age 25 .	That’s because they don’t fool themselves and look like they’re 40 at 25.	0
They did the same thing down here in MS. My nephew said they were doing the same as you described , acting like a bunch of wild animal 's .	My nephew said they did the same thing you described and acted like a group of wild animals.	0
I hope this little groid tortures her .	I hope that this little torture will happen to her.	1
ive looked into classes on gunsmithing i can do basic things but i just dont have every tool for every gun on the market. and if it ever comes down to dooms day we are gonna need a good smithy	I looked in the classes on the rifle I can do basic things but I don't have all the tools for every weapon on the market. and if that happens on the day of judgment we'll need a good smithy	0
John Taylor Gatto - 01 The Elite Private Boarding Schools ( I 've tried everything to get this YouTube video to imbed in this post .	John Taylor Gatto - 01 The Elite Private Boarding Schools ( I tried everything to get this YouTube video to be integrated into this post.	0
I hope that in Sunday we will have a healthy nationalist goverment .	I hope there will be a healthy nationalist government on Sunday.	0
* Bernt Anker Hoffman , Pack-Ice , 1929 .	Bernt Anker Hoffman, “Pack-Ice”, 1929	0
I do n't know who is the owner .	I have no idea who is the owner.	0
Your both our enemies plain and simple , jews try to destroy us with their immigration and the jew would not be able to get as far as they did if many of them did not look white .	Both of your enemies are clear and simple, and the Jews are trying to destroy us with their immigrants, and many of them would not have been able to reach where they would have been if they had not looked white.	1
Yeah but what you have to remember is that the jews are cunning and would probz slither their way out of it and justify their right to bare arms by use of the pro jew media and without a doubt the old holocaust excuse. our race would not be to blame most of us are brainwashed from a young age by T.V or schools its are job to wake them up comrade and defend them for we are fast becoming a minority in our own countries	Yes, but what you have to remember is that Jews are cunning, and they will stand out from it and prove their right by using the pro-Jewish media and undoubtedly the old Holocaust pretext, that our race will not blame most of us for being brainwashed from childhood by TV or school, and that it is work to awaken them, comrades, and defend them as we are rapidly becoming minorities in our own country.	1
Can we count you in ?	Can you count in?	0
I will have to ask her and let you know .	I’ll have to ask her, and let her know.	0
I saw the same thing on the yahoo page but decided not to make a post .	I saw the same thing on the Yahoo page, but I decided not to post.	0
14/88	13 / 88	0
Over a million Whites have left South Africa since the Communist ANC Government came to power .	More than a million white people have fled South Africa since the ANC came to power.	0
His website is also interesting .	The site is also interesting.	0
just joined the best membership in the world and need someone to show the ropes on this site , also looking for az girls in phoenix area .	Just join the best member of the world and need someone to show the clothes on this site, also looking for girls in the Phoenix region.	0
No one has ever asked my opinion and as someone said ... I do n't know a soul in this country ( well maybe our president ) who wants Turkey to EU ...	No one has ever asked for my opinion, and as someone said... I am in this country (maybe our president) and don’t know the soul that Turkey wants to join the EU.	0
because in your first post there were already 3 foreigners.I do n't know about Bulgaria and Croatia so i can not speak .	Because there were already 3 foreigners in your first post, I don’t know Bulgaria and Croatia, so I can’t speak.	0
A white against all other color war must happen to rid America , but will it ever happen and would it be successful ?	A war of white against all the other colors must take place to liberate America, but it will one day happen and succeed.	0
Help your race , your cultural heritage and your genes survive , have children .	Help your race, your culture and your genes survive, have children.	0
I could n't stand by and let that happen .	I couldn’t stop and let it happen.	0
In a period basket stamped full top flap holster .	During a basketball period, the top flap holster was printed.	0
I swear , you ca n't take us anywhere .....	I swear, you won't take us anywhere.	0
I stop on BET sometimes to reassure my desires to fight their progression and get in the know about their latest crap .	I would occasionally stop to make sure my desire to go to fight their progress and get to know their latest shit.	0
Opps .	opposed	0
Hell , I 've been single for ....	Because I am single...	0
My AIM s/n is MetalGod178	My AIM is MetalGod187	0
I hope I see the day when thease worthless pieces of crap are OUT OF HERE .	I hope I can see that day, when the unprecedented pieces come out from here.	1
It was very nice meeting all of you for lunch .	It was a pleasure to meet you all for lunch.	0
WP	and wp	0
Should have told her to palm strike the black girl under the chin. Bully 's teeth will be knocked out , but it 's just baby teeth .	He should have told her to hit the black girl’s palm under her jaw.Bully’s teeth will be hit, but it’s just baby’s tooth.	0
May the wigger sister and parents be haunted by her death for the rest of their lives as it is in effect by their hands and actions that their sister and daughter was murdered by this beast .	Let the lady and her parents be pursued by her death for the rest of their lives, because of their hands and actions, their sisters and daughters were killed by this animal.	1
The gays are just late to the party .	Homosexuals are too late at the party.	0
Put your cursor on the American Dissidents Voices tab and click on it , not the links in the menu which drops down .	Place your cursor on the Voice of American Dissidents tab and click on it, not on the links in the dropdown menu.	0
What typical brainwashed liberal lemming .	What a typical liberal brainwashed leming.	1
Phantom of the Opera was one of my favorites growing up .	Phantom of the Opera has been one of my favorite to grow up.	0
I was beaten and robbed by two natives last year and over the last couple of years I have watched downtown turn into black , brown and yellow town. the food court at Portage place has started to remind me of the creature cantina from star wars .	I was beaten and robbed last year by two indigenous people, but in the last few years I have seen the center of the city turn into a black, brown, and yellow town.	1
I have to say as a person who loves learning this site has me continually looking up and researching parts of history I have never really thought about before .	I have to say that as a person who loves studying this site, I’ve been searching for and researching history that I never really thought of before.	0
I edited that post when I was tired and had it right the first time LMAO .	I edited this post when I was tired and it had LMAO for the first time.	0
Perhaps people will take you more seriously if you do n't make as many grammar errors and using repulsive language .	Maybe people will take you more seriously if you don’t make so many grammatical mistakes and use disgusting language.	0
German Folk Music - YouTube Wait for the second song on this track .	German Folk Music - YouTube is waiting for the second song of this track.	0
I will have to try that and see how much force it adds !	I’ll have to try it out and see how much strength it adds!	0
Sounds like paradise to me .	It sounds like heaven to me.	0
I probably would n't be a WN without it .	I probably’t be WN without it.	0
When he gets out he 'll have more support than ever .	When he comes out, he will get more support than ever before.	0
Nearly everything if not all acts that the liberals carry out damage this nation and our people .	Almost everything, if not all, liberals do will hurt this country and our people.	1
If anything racial happens , you will be pinpointed .	If something racist happens, you will be revealed.	0
I can see the future of testing .	I see the future of the testing.	3
It is the fault of the parents who do n't take an active role in their children 's education ( though I think most stupid kids have stupid parents ) and the fault of the schools who let illiterate kids go on to the next grade .	It’s the fault of parents who don’t play an active role in their child’s education (I think most stupid children have stupid parents) and the faults of schools who allow the illiterate children to move to their next grade.	0
Bought the p226 today .	I bought the P226.	0
Wow look how they promote such hate then they wonder why most of us want them to move back to africa	Wow they see how they encourage such hatred and they see why most of us want them to return to Africa	0
Ethnic crime never ends it seems .	Ethnic crime does not end, it seems.	1
White Power 2508	The Power of the White 2508.	0
Homosexuals practice a perverse lifestyle that destroys the body , mind , and soul just as drug use does ; merely two paths to the same destructive end .	Homosexuals practice a destructive lifestyle that destroys the body, the mind and the soul, just as drugs use; only two ways to the same destructive purpose.	1
It took 2 months before I got the results back .	It took me two months to get the results back.	0
Only the future will determine which plan can be used to bring our race out of its current predicament .	Only the future will determine what plan can be used to get our race out of its present situation.	0
They said that they chose that name because they are proud of the crossbreeding http://www.scpf.com/	They said they chose the name because they were proud of cross-cutting http://www.scpf.com/	0
Thank you for sharing your free and peaceful home while you have one .	Thank you very much for sharing your free and peaceful house while you have one.	0
You use your handgun , to fight back to your shotgun !	You use your gun and fight back to your gun!	0
White person ! `` before hurrying to catch the TTC out of Scarborough .	White Man!" has rushed before catching the TTC from the Scarborough.	0
If they ever accept that there are mental differences between the races they will be putting the first shovelful of dirt into the grave of multi-culturism .	If they acknowledge that there are psychological differences between races, they will put the first pile of mud in the grave of multiculturalism.	0
INTJ Introvert ( 11 % ) iNtuitive ( 38 % ) iNtuitive Thinking ( 38 % ) Judging ( 22 % ) You have slight preference of Introversion over Extraversion ( 11 % ) You have moderate preference of Intuition over Sensing ( 38 % ) You have moderate preference of Thinking over Feeling ( 38 % ) You have slight preference of Judging over Perceiving ( 22 % )	INTJ Introverts ( 11%) Intuitive ( 38%) intuitive thinking (38%) judgment ( 22%) You have a slight preference for introversion over extroversion (11%) you have a moderately preferred intuition over sensations (38% ) You moderately prefer thought over feeling (38%)	0
Take care !	take care of it!	0
But the worst thing is the americans and the britons wants yet to make see Basayev like a freedom hero !!	But the worst thing is that the Americans and the British do not yet want to see Basayev as a hero of freedom!!	0
Personally I think the Nordic royalities should marry other Nordic ( or Germanic ) people , although I did n't watch it on TV or do I have nothing against Mary or Australians .	I personally think the Nordic royal family should marry other Nordics (or Germans), even though I didn’t watch it on TV, or I don’t have anything against Mary or Australians.	0
When I was a kid we used to laugh at the so-called indoor sport .	When I was a kid, I laughed at the so-called indoor sports.	0
If there are any of her family with any dignity left they should do the honourable thing and let the air out of her tyres .	If there is someone with some dignity left in her family, they should do something honorable and blow the air out of her tyres.	0
I rarely watch TV but if I do it 's most likely a movie or something of that sort .	I rarely watch TV, but if I do, it’s probably a movie or something like that.	0
If you are interested reply to this message or PM me .	If you are interested, reply to this post or PM me.	0
My grandfather told me of england when he was a boy , and the dogs would go right into the pub with the men and sit with them under the table .	My grandfather told me about England when he was a child, and the dog went into the bar with the men and sat down under the table together.	0
Although I am not an old fart ... I 'm in my 20s .	I am not old, but I am in my 20s.	0
Some anime is definitely an acquired taste ; kind of like watching those old kung fu movies ... the campiness becomes the attraction .	Some animations will gain a taste; the same kind of thing as watching old kung fu movies...Camping becomes attractive.	0
Nor poison your body with alcohol ... nor listen to music at a very loud volume ...	Do not poison your body with alcohol... nor do you hear music in very loud volume.	0
I guess I should have included a warning for those who click on it .	I think I should have added a warning to those who click on it.	0
looking for sisters and brothers to hang out with get to know ...... cant semm to find in in this area ?	Looking for brothers and sisters to go out to know... can’t you find yourself in this area?	0
Funny how they cant send someone to get pics of this so called Nazi gang attacking people in the city centre , sounds like more hype and nonsense .	It’s funny to know how they don’t send anyone to get photos of this so-called Nazi gang attacking people in downtown, it sounds like more hype.	0
Then we can all live in a global utopia with the Jew running the show - cant wait Nothing short of a brain transplant is going to raise a Negroes IQ .	Then we can all live in a global utopia where Jews run the show – nothing but brain transplants will raise black IQs.	1
Nothing is EVER as it seems to be .	Nothing is ever the same as it looks.	0
Cool shirt ; now , go back to Africa and be a good Black Askari African Nazi Party Member .	Cold T-shirt; now, go back to Africa and be a good member of the Nazi African Party of Black Askari.	0
them damn wiggers need a friggen reality check. its bad when a white person walks to another and calls him his `` dawg ''	Their fucking son needed a frozen reality check, and it was bad when one white man walked toward another and called him his “son.”	0
Står i butik ( papirforretn. ) ( The above are other people listed as living in my family 's home .	Står i butik ( papirforretn. ) ( The other people above are listed as living in the house of my family.	0
Im not handing out candy this year personally .	I am not going to give sweets this year.	0
This man is an idiot .	This guy is a fool.	0
Some were useful , some were annoying and based on silly assumptions , one was clearly an SPLC troll ...	Some are useful, some are annoying, based on stupid assumptions, one obviously is a SPLC troll.	0
I dont think we would get their $	I don't think we'd get their dollars.	0
My ex girlfriends mother wrote that song !	My ex-girlfriend's mother wrote this song.	0
Please try to behave , all of you naughty children .	I want you to be careful, bad kids.	0
She probably gets the food for her food kiosk from the garbage site , and she does n't want to carry it far .	She might get food for her food kiosk from the waste, and she doesn’t want to take it away.	0
800 Demonstranten gegen NPD-Kundgebung / Aus dem Land / Schleswig-Holstein - KN - Kieler Nachrichten Kiel had an Kurd PKK demostration today .	800 Demonstranten gegen NPD-Kundgebung/Aus dem Land/Schleswig-Holstein – KN – Kieler Nachrichten Kiel had a Kurdish PKK demonstration today.	2
I wish you the best !!!	We wish you the very best!!	0
Please, put a link to follow the results as long as the count of votes begin !	Please place a link to track the results as the counting of votes begins!	0
Will bust ribs and penetrate heart .	It breaks the ribs and penetrates into the heart.	0
Youtube has several dozen Holocaust Revisionist videos .	YouTube has dozens of revisionist videos of the Holocaust.	0
HELLO IF YOU ARE A Racist white that wants to talk to a 13 year old male ( preferiblly female but i really dont care ) PLEASE E-mail me at [ email protected ] , ............... i need new friends !!	If you are a racially discriminated white man who wants to talk to a 13-year-old man (woman I don’t really care about) please email me to [email protected],............... I need a new friend!!	0
They mutilate their own , and they do their best to see to it that those whom they see as their goyim slaves are also marked ....	They massacre their slaves and do their best to ensure that those they see as slaves of their goyim are also marked.	1
Just to make it clear to someone who does not bother to read the attached links .	Just make it clear to a person who doesn’t bother reading the attached links.	0
Stop theorizing , stop dreaming and start practicing .	Stop theorizing, stop having dreams and start practicing.	0
Another once great US city that is now ruined by you know who 's ..	Another once great American city, now destroyed by those you know.	0
And then there is the pesticides on your fresh ( ? ) fruit and veggies .	And then there are the pesticides in your fresh fruits and vegetables.	0
The next generation of humanity should thank you for not having been infected with your flawed genetic structure .	The next generation of humanity should be grateful for not being infected by your defective genetic structure.	1
Ha !	Oh! to	0
So lets kill all the whites there because every single one of them is a ZOG agent , even the children !	So let us kill all the white men, because each of them is a ZOG agent, and even children.	0
I look forward to posting and have many interesting discussions with you all in the future .	I look forward to the release and have a lot of interesting discussions with all of you in the future.	0
I cant judge because i dont know them all , plus i think they are all good in their own way , that 's why they are moderators	I’m not judging because I don’t know them all, and I think they’re all good in their own way, that’s why they are moderators.	0
I never at any time claimed this you moron .	I never said that to you, Marion.	0
I am in Orlando , and I am also searching for people who are proud of their heritage. email if you are intrested in talking	I am in Orlando, and I'm also looking for people who are proud of their heritage. email if you're interested in talking	0
Well, I have a few hundred bookmarked - but here 's a few that I 've looked at more than once or twice : This website has free curriculum and good advice : http://bringinguplearners.com/Iusethisoneallthetimeforplanning:http://donnayoung.org/Ifyouwishtoaddanewelementtoyourhomeschool:http://www.teachwithmovies.org/index.html Happy learning !	Well, I have a few hundred bookmarked - but here are some I have seen more than one or two times : This website has a free curriculum and good tips : http://bringinguplearners.com/Iusethisoneallthetimeforplanning:http://donnayoung.org/Ifyouwishtoaddanewelementtourhomeschool: http://www.teach Withmovies.org /index.html Happy learning!	0
thats just stupid to say that , because you have probably heard maybe 10-20 artists and those are the * * * * * * s on TV and stuff. there are tons of white , non-wigerish rappers that dont `` scream '' about something	That’s just stupid to say, because you’ve probably heard of 10 to 20 artists, and these are “and” on TV.	0
Look what happens when Whites leave black Countries alone to do what they do naturally The blacks in White Countries today should be on their knees thanking Whites for trying to civilize them	Look at what happens when white people leave the black country alone and do what they naturally do Today white people should stand on their knees and thank the white people who are trying to civilize them.	1
Don't you ever find it strange that Al Qaeda seems to move to where Washington wants it 's troops ?	Have you never felt strange that al-Qaeda seems to be moving to the places where Washington wants its forces?	0
So , I do n't know what to say .	So, I don’t know what to say.	0
?	→ →	0
This is why we are here to share and grow in our craft of survival .	That’s why we’re here to share and grow our craft of survival.	0
I spend a huge amount of time playing with my daughter , reading to her , teaching her to read `` Hop on Pop '' among others , etc ..	I spend an enormous amount of time playing with my daughter, reading to her, and teaching her how to read “Hop on Pop” among others.	0
Arizona Daily Star should get it 's information from groups other than an organization that makes it 's money off creating the finest spin and hype imaginable .	Arizona Daily Star needs to get information from groups outside of organizations that can make the best spins and hypes you can imagine.	0
We have n't heard this exquisitely beautiful song in a while .	I have not heard this beautiful song for a long time.	0
Thank you !	and thank you!	0
Of course White race tend to be the smartest race and many of your nonwhites are either just too stupid to acknowledge that or just want to make use of your nonwhite stupidity to cause more misery to us who wish to seek the truth .	Of course, the white race is the smartest race, and many of you non-whites are either too stupid to admit it, or just want to use your non-White stupidity to cause more misfortune to us who seek the truth.	1
I read that there are very few changes from each edition and that the sole purpose for the changes is to ruin lesson plans and thwart the used book market .	I read that there were very few changes from each release, and the only purpose of the changes was to spoil the lesson plan and hinder the used book market.	0
Thank you .....	Thanks to...	0
`` Gott MIt Uns '' 88	“God is for us” 88	0
heil sisters and brothers lit see if this makes it I do n't care about looks I 'm a happy puppy if you are WHITE PRIDE thin you are right. if you are skin or kkkk or A.N or what ever you are We are family in this war for are gods and race stand tall and be proud to be a ARYAN 88 Goldenboy 88	Hello sister light brother I don't care about it if this makes it I am a happy dog you are white self-confident thin you are right. Whether you are skin or kkkk or A.N or whatever you are we are proud to have a family who stands high and race in this war and are proud of the gods and races of Ariane 88 Golden Boy 88	0
Guess this was the Ghetto Express !	This is the Ghetto Express.	3
More broadly , of course I wish to see white countries get-on with each other but if it came down to a choice between my country 's interests and those of another white country I would put my own first .	More broadly speaking, of course, I want white nations to confront each other, but if there is a choice between my country’s interests and the interests of other white people, I will put my own interests first.	0
I hear that and I have heard of using Wasp spray .	I heard it and I heard about the use of Wasp spray.	0
Burlington Coat Factory Hiring For New Store in Conroe | Houston 's Hiring | a Chron.com blog lots more to check out .	Burlington Coat Factory Rental for new store in Conroe, Houston's Rental at Chron.com blog a lot more to check out.	0
Unfortunately no. You could always try to start your own business though , and use it for something that would cater primarily to whites .	But you can always try to start your own business and use it for something that will mainly apply to white people.	0
I wonder what they would have to say about the type of country it is turning in to ?	I wonder what should they say about the type of country in which they are becoming?	0
ANY poster on here that does not accept White Genocide is our NUMBER ONE priority is either delusional , still partly brain washed or likes to eat Bagels .	The poster here that does not acknowledge white genocide, our number one priority, is fantasy and still partially brainwashed, or eating bagels.	0
If an anti-White submits an ignorant or profane post , then calling him/her a stupid ass , lame brain knucklehead is not a racial slur .	If an anti-white man submits ignorant and ignorant posts, calling him a fool is not racist.	0
Cant wait to start setting up my house as a grave yard and littering the front lawn with bones and monsters .	Don’t wait and start setting my house up as a cemetery, polluting the front grass with bones and monsters.	0
If you want to start doing something productive for your race you can start by posting Mantra .	If you want to do something productive for your race, you can start by releasing Mantra.	0
Seems none of these pinheads wanted to get dirty .	Neither of them wants to be dirty.	0
I also , left a comment Now , I need to wait and see if it gets approved .	I also left a comment now and I have to wait to see if it is approved.	0
I 'm very grateful for all help .	I am very thankful for all the help.	0
Hey It 's a lot easier in High school than in Middle school because in high school people stop careing so much how the other people see them .	It’s much easier in high school than in middle school, because people in secondary school don’t care so much about how others see them.	0
I would if I liked my neighbors .. There are some people on this board that I would hate to live next to	If I like my neighbor, there are people on this board who hate to live next to me.	0
In this case it is very possible and good for you anyways .	In this case, it's very possible and good for you anyway.	0
This is my next read .	Here is my next reading.	0
And the sad thing is the white students at those schools will act like that too .	And the sad thing is that the white students of that school will also act like that.	1
lol This reminds of that story of the guy who overdosed/killed himself while on his digital camera in a chatroom while everyone was cheering him on .	This reminds the story of the boy who overdosed or committed suicide on the digital camera in the chat room, and everyone was cheering him.	0
Great list .	Good list.	0
Seems like black criminals get more sympathy from the msm than innocent white women .	Black criminals appear to get more sympathy from MSM than innocent white women.	0
Liked the music , by the way .	I like the music, of course.	0
When Emily was murdered my wife sent the info to Nancy Grace and there was not a word said about it .	When Emily was killed, my wife sent the information to Nancy Grace and there were no words about it.	0
Never mind the mess on the floor brother .	Don’t worry about the chaos on the floor.	0
If making a personal profit from government is even in a politician 's or activist mind they are good for nothing , but kindling .	If they make personal profits from the government, even in the minds of a politician or activist, they do not benefit anything but burn.	0
A group of American men in the late 1700s decided they could defend themselves against the government of England , but it was illegal to do so .	In the late 1700s, a group of Americans decided that they could defend themselves against the British government, but it was illegal to do so.	0
I think you already know the answer to your own question .	I think you know the answer to your question.	0
Wow, that 's a mouthful .	Wow, this is the smell.	0
Guess where you fit in ?	Find out where you will fit.	0
One of them is black and the other looks white .	One of them looks black and the other is white.	3
The two teenagers are charged with assaulting Rose Powell last Wednesday and stealing her car .	The two teenagers are accused of attacking Rose Powell on Wednesday and stealing their car.	0
Nice to see you on this board Mo. I posted a thread on this a week or so ago and here it is .	Good that I can see you on this board. I posted a thread about it a week ago and here is it.	0
Don't bother .	Do not worry.	0
Toronto Police Investigating Alt-Right Posters as a Hate Crime ?!	Toronto police investigate right-wing posters as hate crimes!	0
This has been going on since the sports bring in so much money .	This has always been the case because sport has brought so much money.	0
More impulsive Negro stripping ...	No more black stripping.	1
I 'm 19 years old and an italian-AMERICAN ( most importantly ) .	I am 19 years old and I am an Italian-American (the most important).	0
Holy cow , I cannot believe the BS that goes on in a public school system vs. actual learning .	Holy Cow, I can’t believe that the BS in a public school system goes on against actual learning.	0
SA is a model for the World .	SA is an example for the world.	0
In the battle of languages English has won .	In the war of languages, English won.	0
Unfortunately, she will find it very difficult to make a living as a historian if he does n't bow down and do reverence to the Holahoax religion .	Unfortunately, she would find that if he did not give up and worship the Hora Hocks religion, it would be hard for him to become a historian.	1
I just tried to get on the site and it stated Account has been suspended .	I just tried to get to the site and it said that the account was stopped.	0
I did n't realize we were offending you by pointing out how often Asians and Jews get surgery to look more White .	I didn’t realize we were insulting you by pointing out that Asians and Jews often accept surgery to look whiter.	1
Hey, I have a Folkwear pattern for that style of shirt which I 've been meaning to make .	Hi, I have a Folkwear pattern for that shirt style that I have had the sense of making.	0
As you are such an expert please explain why there has never been any drugs seizures linked to them or even arrests ?	Because you are such a specialist, please explain why there was no drug kidnapping or even arrest associated with them.	0
I understand this post is depressing .	I understand that this post is depressant.	0
Mr.	and Mr	0
Looks like it went straight down the open breech and cooked off the ammo .	It seemed as if it was just putting the open pot down and pulling out the ammunition.	0
My buddy 's boat is anchored beside it .	The boat of my friend is anchored next to it.	0
- Jim	by Jim.	0
Not so sure this will fit your bill but March of the Titans is a great book on European History .	Not sure this would fit your bill, but Titanic is a great book of European history.	0
This is the latest anti-white attack by a ' groid .	This is the most recent anti-white attack by a ‘groid’.	0
There are no plans for any new sub-forums on SF Europe .	There is no plan for the new subforum of SF Europe.	0
Source : © Kamla-Raj 2006 Int J Hum Genet , 6 ( 3 ) : 177-183 ( 2006 ) Human Chromosomal Polymorphism in a Hungarian Sample Kata Décsey1 , Orsolya Bellovits2 and Györgyi M. Bujdosó2 1 .	Source: © Kamla-Raj 2006 Int J Hum Genet, 6 ( 3 ) : 177-183 ( 2006 ) Human chromosome diversity in Hungarian samples Kata Décsey1, Orsolya Bellovits2 and Györgyi M. Bujdosó2 1.	0
The ugly black will always be .... black !	Ugly black is always... black!	1
All of his posts thus far have been rather gratuitous and heavily aimed on Skandinavia alenth with the histories and spirits thereof , particularly the later portion of post #31 .	All of his posts have been quite free until now and have been a serious subject to Scandinavia, with its history and spirit, especially the post #31.	0
You can feel there like in 1944 .	You can feel like it was in 1944.	0
If that Nigerian bitch thinks she will be elected in Tallaght , she is in for a rude awakening .	If this Nigerian whore thinks she’ll be elected to Tallaght, she’s in for a brutal wake-up.	1
Not one of them answered him properly !	No one answered him correctly.	0
Ever noticed how they always say that about the Romans or Greek armies ... No one says ' ' oh I wonder how many non Whites were on the Goth or Gaul armies ' ' .	I’ve seen them always say this about the Roman army and the Greek army... no one says, “Oh, I’m wondering how many non-white people were in the Goth army or the Gaul army.”	0
This is crazy .	These are crazy.	0
Maybe they are not so uneducated and knows about their fate .	They may not be so diseducated and know their fate.	0
Now teachers demand to work just 35 hours a week ... and they even want to be allowed to do five of those at home | Mail Online	Now teachers are demanding that they work only 35 hours a week...and they want to be allowed to work five hours at home.	0
- YouTube Angry large black woman goes ham on angry young black men - YouTube white man cokes black man and than throws black man off and beat him up .	- YouTube angry big black woman harasses angry young black man, throw black man and beat him.	0
Could Trudeau 's buddies have set the fires for him at his request ?	Can Trudeau's friends put the fire for him on his request?	0
But that 's just a rumour	But that's only a rumor	0
If she continues worshipping negroes and homos the odds are good this scenario will repeat .	If she continues to worship black and gay, the chances of this scenario being repeated are good.	1
Hope To See You There ! 14 Words !!!! 88 !!!!! 11	I hope to see you here! 14 words!! 88!! 11!	0
Especially I think it 's bad when they bring their children with them to the West , cause in many cases they grow up brainwashed with multicultural and degenerate propaganda like the locals .	Especially I think it’s bad if they take their children to the West, because in many cases they’ve grown up with multicultural and degenerative propaganda, like the locals.	0
Exactly.	More specifically.	0
Military archery and speed shooting videos - a little rant - YouTube	Military shooting and speed videos - a bit of rant - YouTube	0
N	The n	0
I would love two minutes alone in a room with whatever s * it for brains faggots came up with that advertisement .	I would like to be alone in one room for two minutes, no matter what s * it’s for the brain’s faggots with this ad appeared.	0
Thankfully not like that up here mate .	Fortunately, I don’t like this here.	0
You pulled that from the top link of a google search .	You pulled that out of the top link in a Google search.	0
good luck NoRemorseNoRegrets , hopefully its good news about your job and lets hope you dont become another figure in a stat !	Good luck NoRemorseNoRegrets, hoping for good news about your career and hoping you will not be another person in your state!	0
.I have decided on the flags of the four provinces combined on four squares together as my own favourite flag to wave at Rugby and soccer internationals rather than the Tricoleur or St Pat , s .	I decided the flags of the four provinces combined in four squares as my own favourite flag of the Tricolor or St. Pat instead of the Rugby and Football International.	0
To Hell with Planet X !	In Hell with the Planet X!	0
It was alot busier Saturday and Sunday .	It was a lot more busy Saturday and Sunday.	0
To think that such a great Christian nation as Ireland has an Islamic Foundation is sickening .	It is terrible to think that a great Christian state like Ireland has an Islamic foundation.	1
Please contribute and/or donate .	Please donate and/or contribute.	0
Ya the ignorant want to registered guns so only criminals will have gun .	The ignorant wants a registered gun, so only the criminals have a gun.	0
I would n't marry a asian even after cirurgy .	I’m not going to get married to an Asian even after surgery.	1
I am so tired of it .	I'm so tired of that.	0
Their brains have never developed so they think there still in the wild jungles of Africa .	Their brain has never developed, so they believe it is still in the jungles of Africa.	1
Exactly.	More specifically.	0
So therefore they 're not the dumb brutes like blacks are .	Therefore, they are not as stupid as black men.	1
Beautiful scenery , music , campfire and good , true company .	Beautiful scenery, music, camping and good, real company.	0
WTF is wrong with u allowing your children to have non white friends ?	Is WTF wrong in allowing your child to have a non-white friend?	1
I hope then there are no hard feelings ???	Would you like to have no hard feelings?	0
The cross-dressers and faggots are sure not hiding their identity .	Cruises and fagots do not hide their identity.	0
Heard today from a colleague in work that a load of Roma Gypsies set up camp at the red cow as the government would not house them anyone see or here of this ?	Did you hear a colleague at work today say that a large group of Roman Gypsies were in Red Bull camps because the government would not let anyone see them or these here?	0
Historic vehicle Laurin Klement T. B 1899-1903 http://i4.ytimg.com/vi/cVQSTM-WTZk/mqdefault.jpg white loop-frame motorcycle with pedal start Awesome custom replica of 1900s Czech .	Historic vehicle Laurin Klement T. B. 1899-1903 http://i4.ytimg.com/vi/cVQSTM-WTZk / mqdefault.jpg White loop frame motorcycle with pedal starts is an amazing custom replica of the 1900s Czech Republic.	0
Teach our men to be men again and defend our countries and women folk against the non white .	Teach us men to be men again, and defend our country and women from non-white people.	1
I just read in a newspaper in the Grays Harbor county of Washington State that test scores are going down .	I just read in a newspaper in Grays Harbor County, Washington that the test points are falling.	3
I doubt you can actually get close enough to the antis to pass a flower .	I doubt you can actually get near enough to the antis for a flower to pass.	0
Just for research purposes I 'll mention that there was a video years ago about the Flatland area of Montana , with a similar tone to this recent NPR radio show , but it was before-PLE .	Just for research purposes, I would say that there was a video about the Flatland region of Montana, in a tone similar to this recent NPR radio show, many years ago, but that was before PLE.	0
http://apod.nasa.gov/apod/astropix.html	HTTP/apod.nasa.gov / apod /astropix.html	0
The huge stones are all different shapes and sizes and fit together tightly using no mortar .	The giant stones are all of different shapes and sizes, and are closely combined without a mortar.	0
let me say it like this : I HATE SCHOOL , I HATE LEARNING AND I HATE READING .	I hate school, I hate learning, and I hate reading.	0
You forgot to mention how Chinese/Japanese/Korean art hardly changed in two thousand years until the late 19'th century .	You have forgotten to mention that Chinese/Japanese/Korean art has hardly changed for two thousand years until the late 19th century.	0
Honestly if they ever fired them I 'd expect they 'd do more damage to themselves since the average negro lacks the intellect for basic firearms training .	Honestly, if they fired them, the average black would expect to do more harm to themselves because they lack intelligence for basic gun training.	1
When I look at pictures that puts all clear to me ...	When you look at the pictures, everything will be clear.	0
~ ME	* I	0
Of course if people would stop going to these places then they would never be able to earn enough money to start up foreign cesspits in Irish towns .	Of course, if people stop going to these places, then they will never be able to make enough money to start foreign currency in the Irish cities.	0
4 hrs · In a sinister development , Waterford Against Street Crime and Organised Begging has gained support from the Nationalist Movement - an ardently fascist , racist , anti-immigration , anti-multiculturalist , Islamophobic , homophobic organisation .	In a bad development, Waterford has won the support of the Nationalist movement against street crime and organized Begging - a fascist, racist, anti-immigration organization, anticulturalist, islamofobic, homophobic organization.	0
For example , if he uses correct English then you say , `` Hey , you are starting to sound like a white man !	For example, if he uses the right English, then you’ll say, “Oh, you’re starting to sound like a white man!	0
My beautiful blonde hair blue eyed niece Annabella just turned 2 yesterday and it 's my duty to educate and teach her white values and her heritage because she is the future of our white race and will someday bring some beautiful white children of her own into this wolrd .	My beautiful blonde-blue-eyed niece, Annabella, was just 2 years old yesterday, and it was my responsibility to educate and teach her white values and her legacy, because she is the future of our white race and one day will bring some beautiful little white children into this wolf band.	0
video deleted reupload please please people make maximum stuff graphics wall painting video and stuff dont let media and internet censorship minimize this affair .	Video removed re-upload asks people to maximize graphic wallpaper videos and items not to let the media and the internet review try to reduce this problem.	0
There 's nothing else like hot lead to teach you respect for a firearm .	There is nothing like hot lead that teaches you the respect of a gun.	0
Racily very little has changed .	Very few things have changed.	0
So.. she is getting food stamps from a state she has n't lived in for months ?	So, is she getting food stamps from a country she has not lived for a few months?	0
All of you need to go onto that comments section and let them know we will not be defamed like that and we have every right to gather in an area .	You all have to go to this comment section and let them know that we are not so slandered and we have the right to gather in one area.	0
No doubt they 'll be coming up with chocolate-colored Leprechauns and a Chinese flavored Uncle Sam 's too .	They will come with the chocolate-colored Leprechauns and the Chinese-smacked Uncle Sam as well.	1
That 's why we need to keep in touch and stay organized .	Therefore, we need to stay in contact and be organized.	0
Great news !	Good news!	0
No.	not not.	0
A full version of The Lightning and the Sun !	Full version of Lightning and the Sun!	0
yes its the year 2014 and Israel is still hiding behind walls and military instead of embracing there fellow Humans .	Yes, it was in 2014 and Israel is still hiding behind the walls and armies instead of embrace its fellow humanity.	0
I do have a few copies of several of the languages around the house , if anyone is interested PM me for details .	I have some copies of several languages around the house, if someone is interested in PM me for the details.	0
I did ok with my first year of algebra in college ; however , I do know that it is going to get harder !	The first year I went to college was good, but I knew it would be more difficult!	0
Needs a new stock , ramrod and nipples .	A new stock, ramrod and breasts are needed.	0
I think its a bad thing to do and possibly harmful to the baby but I do n't think anyone besides the mother and the father of the baby should have a say so in if she quits or not .	I think it’s a bad thing, and it might probably hurt the baby, but I don’t think anyone but the baby’s mother and father should say so about whether she’ll quit or not.	0
Mmm .	and mmm.	0
Negro?	And black?	0
Gun Law Information Experts	Specialist in weapons information law	0
I wish it was n't real , but it is .	I wish it wasn’t real, but it’s.	0
2508	of 508.	0
Exactly, they want us to lay down and die .	Precisely, they are lying down and trying to make us die.	1
Junior Minister Pat Gallagher is at the centre of a Garda investigation after the disappearance of nine Bangladeshis .	Pat Gallagher is at the center of an investigation in Garda after the disappearance of nine Bangladeshis.	0
I had a great time as usual on Friday night !	I had a good time on Friday night as usual.	0
Something tells me that you 're sitting in the wrong section of the Stormfront bus .	Some things tell me you are sitting in the wrong part of the Stormfront bus.	0
Because the news section can get VERY depressing and this thread provides comical relief , I can always count on this thread for a laugh when I need one .	Because the news section can get very frustrating, and this line provides ridiculous relief, I can always rely on that line to laugh when I need it.	0
I 've heard five their songs and they are My favorites from Russian White Power music .	I’ve heard five of their songs and they’re my favorite songs in Russian White Power music.	0
Some humans do not think them too sometimes .	Some people don’t think about it too often.	0
Would black people rather take one million dollars to move themselves and their immediate family back to the motherland , or stay here in America and blame whites for their poverty and crime ?	Would the black people prefer to spend a million dollars bringing themselves and their relatives back to their homeland, or stay here, blaming the white people for their poverty and crimes?	1
Aragorn	by Aragoron	0
Instead it is the athletic negro Holyfield 11 kids , Mike Tyson 7 kids , Riddick Bowe 5 kids , George Foreman 10 kids who procreate like apes and spread these athlete genes along .	Instead, it is sports black Holyfield 11 children, Mike Tyson 7 children, Riddick Bowe 5 children, and George Foreman 10 children play like monkeys and spread the genes of this athlete.	1
I bet that a lot of members of the said club are disgusted by this but afraid to speak about it for fear of recrimination .	I bet that many members of the mentioned club are disappointed, but fear to talk about it because they are afraid of discrimination.	0
Our youth are our future indeed ! Just as Hitler 's youth ours must be addressed early to the doctrines in order to secure a foundamental inherent belief system which corressponds within a timely manner enabling them and thier thought processes to formulate and adjust to rudimentary belief functions incorporating all thier senses.They must become keenly aware of social agendas and political ramifications of action v.s. inaction as it pertains to strategical logistics of a growing super power .	Like Hitler’s youth, our youth must treat the doctrine early in order to ensure a basic intrinsic belief system, and the way in which they and their thinking processes can develop and adjust to the basic belief function that contains all the super-senses.	0
Unity .	of unity.	0
Perhaps it may be the gayest big city , but take a look to Sitges , in Spain .	Per this is probably the most gay big city, but look at the Spanish Sitges.	0
I will respond until Armenian scum will stop	I'll respond until the Armenian scum stops	1
We are the only race that is not allowed to , so always show your pride .	We are the only race not allowed, so always show your pride.	0
NUCLEAR PLANT HAS FULLY EXPLODED !	The nuclear power plant is completely destroyed!	0
You've walked right into it again .	You went directly into it.	0
I know I keep hoping I wake up one day and this multiracial hell Canada was all just a terrible nightmare , but it never happens .	I know I’ve always hoped that one day I’ll wake up and that this multi-racial hell in Canada is just a terrible nightmare, but it never happens.	1
Send us an email Unit14Global@gmail.com	Send us an email at Unit14Global@yahoo.com	0
Notice all the lovely Pakistani people celebrating , it warms the cockles of my heart - it really does .	Beware of all the lovely Pakistani celebrations, it warms my heart – it’s real.	0
Not to mention the sick Asian perversion many white men have .	Not to mention that many white people have sick Asian biases.	0
I was there a few weeks ago .	I was there several weeks ago.	0
George Soros ' Evil Plan of Buying Up American Gun and Ammunitions Companies - Fiction !	George Soros’s evil plan to buy U.S. arms and ammunition companies – Fiction!	0
You like Jager ?	Do you like the Jager?	0
My daughter said she had only touched the apeling 's back , not hit her .	My daughter said she just touched the back of the cry, and didn’t touch her.	1
Same with ants .	It is the same with ants.	0
Jesus would be very disappointed in all the so called Christians who are so supportive of Jews .	Jesus would be very disappointed with all the so-called Christians who have so much support for the Jews.	0
Driving around the governmental buildings and blocking roads .	Drive around government buildings and block roads.	0
Yeah if I can get time off work for it .	Yes, if I can have free time for work.	0
It is a silly video , but it highlights the nonsensical world in which Jesus lived and the world Jesus was instrumental in changing .	It’s a ridiculous video, but it highlights the meaningless world Jesus lived in and the world Jesus helped change.	0
Absolutely ridiculous .	Absolutely crazy.	0
I believe these apes may be on to something by chopping off penises to cure aids .	I believe these monkeys might do something to help heal by cutting off the penis.	1
Good memories .	and good memories.	0
- YouTube Magyar hadsereg bevonulása erdélybe Kolozsvári dísszemle 1940 Hungarian amry in Transylvania - YouTube 1941 Hungarian troops enter the Ukraine - YouTube My Great Grandfather fought in the Hungarian Army during WW2 .	– YouTube Hungarian hadsereg bevonulása erdélybe Kolozsvári dísszemle 1940 Hungarian amry in Transylvania – YouTube 1941 Hungarian troops enter Ukraine – YouTube My Grandfather fought in the Hungarian Army during World War II.	0
Prior military experience desired , 21 years of age or more required .	Previous military experience, 21 years or older is required.	0
Last thing we want is them moving off the reserves .	The last thing we want is that they get out of the reserve.	1
Also notice that the Nig giving the running commentary said nothing about the ' White boy ' a term the Yard Ape will never fail to use when given the chance !	Nig, who also provides running comments, said nothing about the term “White boy,” which Yard Ape would never use when there was a chance.	1
Please quote me where I 've implied or have said that .	Please quote where I have suggested or said.	0
``Policeand SPCA officials found over 50 carcasses of pigs on National Council of Province 's Chairperson Thandi Modise 's Potchefstroom farm , and the remaining 85 resorted to eating the dead bodies and drinking their own urine to survive .	Police and SPCA officials found more than 50 pig bodies at Potchefstroom farm at the chairman of the National Committee, Thandi Modise, while the remaining 85 people ate the dead bodies and drank their own urine to survive.	0
And the following video is from valued friends of the PLE movement .	And the following video comes from a precious friend of the PLE movement.	0
Never march alone .	Never go alone.	0
I read a web site , not too long ago , called the TFP.org.	Not too long ago I read a website called TFP.org.	0
Not many films end with a Klan victory .	Many films never end with the victory of the Klan.	0
Aragorn	by Aragoron	0
I'd focus on the aspect of forced integration and that the Whites acted in response to that , first .	I will focus on the aspects of compulsory integration where white people take action first.	0
For white men it 's all about sex and for no real reason .	For white men, it's all about sex and without real reason.	0
It happened in Taco Bell once and I just grinned at him and he turned away .	It happened once in Taco Bell, and I just laughed at him, and he looked back.	0
There are two types of `` 72 hour '' : Wanting to be found .	There are two kinds of “72 hours”: Wanting to be found.	0
This judge is an idiot and a prime example of why the law gets what little respect it does these days , they will let anyone with an agenda and connections become a judge these days .	These judges are foolish and the main example of how little law is respected today, and they will allow anyone with a schedule and connection to become a judge today.	0
Few more pictures from Slovenia https : //www.stormfront.org/forum/show ... & postcount = 196 https : //www.stormfront.org/forum/show ... & postcount = 197 https : //www.stormfront.org/forum/show ... & postcount = 206 https : //www.stormfront.org/forum/show ... & postcount = 207	A few more photos from Slovenia are https: //www.stormfront.org/forum/show... & post count = 196 https: /www.stormfront.com/forum / show... and postcount = 197 https: \www.Storm Front.org / forum / show... & force count = 206 https:	0
Still , i prefer natives over every other non-white but Japanese and Koreans .	However, I prefer native people over all other non-white, except Japanese and Korean.	0
Gleiwitz/Oberschlesien - YouTube	Gleiwitz / Oberschlesien – YouTube	0
I heard their was 5000 people at it .	I heard that there were 5,000 people there.	0
She then had the other students vote him out of the class .	She then asked other students to vote for him to leave the classroom.	0
I give myself 20-30 years to make people see , I think I 'll go into politics here in Iceland and do some good	I gave myself 20 to 30 years to let people see, I think I’m going to go into politics here in Iceland and do something good.	0
The yellow ribbon says it all !	The Yellow Crown says it all.	0
I'm going to play the black sheep here and say there 's nothing wrong with what he 's doing .	I’ll play the black sheep here and say there’s nothing wrong with what he’s doing.	0
Q : If Timmy can hop a distance of 2 feet and he makes 2 hops , how far did he hop from the starting point to the finishing point ?	Q: If Timmy could jump a distance of 2 feet, how far would he jump from the starting point to the finish point?	0
I 'm single and live in elizabeth , NJ	I'm single and I live in Elizabeth, NJ	0
Taking money from Oregon taxpayers , while 1500 miles away .	Take the money from the Oregon taxpayers while 1,500 miles away.	0
Lovely young lady even with the tassled hair or early morning frown : For the record ; I do n't think you need a coffee .	Beautiful young lady, even with hair or cold in the morning: to record, I don't think you need coffee.	0
I stop watching the history channel years ago .	I stopped watching history channels a few years ago.	0
Too many whites think they deserve what negroes dish out because of guilt .	Too many white people believe they earn what black people spend for their guilt.	0
Mostly they were playing loud kurdish music .	Most of them played strong Kurdish music.	0
As an Irish nationalist I would never want Northern Ireland to be independent , that part of the population that consider themselves Irish would still be a minority and would still suffer victimisation .	As an Irish nationalist, I will never want Northern Ireland to become independent, and that part of the population that believes to be Irish will still be a minority.	0
White men who watch professional sports can try and put a spin on it like they 're the Roman elite watching all the slaves fight in the Colosseum , but the fact of the matter is they 're just contributing to negro worship .	White men watching professional sports can try it as if they were the Roman elite who saw all the slaves fighting at the Colosseum, but the fact is that they are contributing to the worship of blacks.	0
The struggle is about race not culture .	The struggle is not about race but about culture.	0
www.gcc.edu Hampden-Sydney College , Hampden-Sydney , Va.	www.gcc.edu at Hampden-Sydney College, Hampden, Va	0
Thanks for your reponse .	Thank you for your response.	0
Carrying any hammer here in the UK on the streets without good cause such as you need it for work would be classed as an offensive weapon .	Carrying a hammer on the street here in the UK without a legitimate reason that you need it for work is classified as an offensive weapon.	0
This person needs to disappear .	This person should disappear.	0
This is a struggle you will have to make your self .	This is the struggle you need to make yourself.	0
They should be tried for being accessories to murder !!!!!!!!!!!!	They must be charged with accessories for murder!!!	0
I find this BBC story impossible to believe : http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/africa/4971848.stm Negroes do n't look for latrines , they do their business wherever they happen to be .	I can’t believe this BBC story: http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/africa/4971848.stm Black people don’t look for Latrine, they do their business wherever they are.	0
I wanted to get some opinions from Stormfront members on this Jewish crap my son brought home from public school .	I wanted to get some opinions from members of Stormfront about this Jewish crap that my son brought from public school.	1
There will always be survivors , the juden will never let go of the holahoax	There will always be survivors, and the Jews will never leave the Holahoax.	1
Asians are fairly well mannered and intelligent and easier for most whites to get along with .	Asians are pretty kind, smart, and easy to handle for most whites.	0
We all have unique abilities and knowledge , can you imagine if we got together and each of us put together a class for all the children in our specialized field ?	We all have unique abilities and knowledge, can you imagine, if we gather together, we all set up a class for all the children in our special field?	0
It was put there in just the last few hours .	It has only been put there in the last few hours.	0
The jew Alan Fishman , 49 , of Brooklyn , NY , was arrested along with the jew Daniel Ledven , 37 , of Cresskill , N.J. , on securities and wire fraud charges in a scheme that swindled investors out of $ 20 million .	49-year-old Jew Alan Fishman, from Brooklyn, New York, was arrested along with 37- year-old Daniel Redven, from Cressskill, for a plan to deceive investors for $20 million in securities and wire fraud.	0
Animal Grief in the 19th Century Old Shepherd s Chief Mourner by Edwin Henry Landseer , 1827 .	The Suffering of Animals in the Punishment of the Old Shepherd of the 19th Century by Edwin Henry Landseer, 1827	0
ANTI WHITE WATCH	The White guard	1
YouTube - Hell 's coming with me	YouTube: Hell's Coming With Me	0
What I meant was blacks are the oldest living humans on earth .	What I mean is that the black people are the oldest people on earth.	0
So Trudeau is sneaking them in like that ?	Is Trudeau getting them out in this way?	0
I hate to be the one to say this but they do n't sound like a loving family if they said they would dance on your grave simply because of your racially aware views .	I hate to say that, but they don't sound like a loving family when they said they'd dance on your tomb just because of your racist-conscious views.	0
We both know you 'll just wait for me to figure it out and then later claim it was really you all along .	We both know that you’re just going to wait for me to realize it, and then later pretend it was really you all.	0
That was wierd .	It was vertigo.	0
It can cause rage .	This can cause anger.	0
It 's close to Finnic and Estonian .	It's close to Finnish and Estonian.	0
I can only dream of driving a car past at the time and then running the b .. d over again and again and again .	I can dream of driving a car at that point and then running B over and over again.	0
By their words and deeds , they declare themselves to be staunchly in favor of the genocide of our people .	Through their words and actions, they claim to firmly support the genocide of our people.	1
Most just could have their mouth uncovered , sticking it out of the water to breath. their loved ones took care of them az good as possible .	Most people can only open their mouths, take it out of the water and breathe, and their loved ones take care of them as much as they can.	0
Commited Revolutionaries .	of committed revolutionaries.	0
Actually , I was responding to a Swiss person whose message is close to the beginning of the thread .	In fact, I was answering a Swiss man, whose message was close to the beginning of the thread.	0
Then we need to establish a national day of mourning about past traitors and the harm which they caused to our people and the whole nation .	Then we must set up a national day of mourning for the traitors of the past and the damage they have done to our people and to the whole nation.	0
If you find Doug and Bob McKenzie tell them their memberships are past due https : //m.youtube.com/watch ? v = OJE3EgTGg9k	If you find Doug and Bob McKenzie telling them their membership has passed HTTPS: //m.youtube.com/watch? v = OJE3EgTGg8k	0
Wow these videos piss me off .	These videos have crushed me.	0
However , Loki is a trickster god within Norse mythology .	However, Loki is a liar god in Nordic mythology.	0
No, I 'm in Spanish class at school in Canada and we focus sometimes on Mexican slang and do n't learn vosotros .	No, I’m taking Spanish classes in schools in Canada, and sometimes I don’t learn vosotros by focusing on Mexican slang.	0
It always screamed to me `` Grow up ! ''	They always scream to me, “Grow up!”	0
She said she was 21 years old .	She says she is 21 years old.	0
I do n't see why the gardai do n't just grab them and deport them none of them are entitled to be here	I don’t know why the guards do not catch them and expel them, no one of them has the right to be here.	1
Yes, and you are wasting the time that you could be spending out in the real world and communicating White Nationalism to the man and woman on the street .	Yes, and you’ll waste the time you can spend in the real world and transmit white nationalism to men and women on the street.	0
I do n't watch any movie that is made for blacks or has a black in the lead roll and I ca n't find humor in the black race with all of the crime they comit against the white man , to hell with them .	I don’t see any movie made for the black, or there’s a black man on the head, I’t find a sense of humor in the black race, all the crimes they committed against the white, go to hell with them.	1
They always think they are somehow exempt from the rules	They always believe that they are somehow free from the rules.	1
America is such a beautiful rainbow !	America is so beautiful!	0
Ive talked to lots of punks about it , and i get the same response from them that i get from blacks and minorities. i want to hear a more educated opinion	I have talked with many punks about this, and I receive the same response from them that I receive from the black and the minorities.	0
I'm not running and giving it to the muds .	I don’t run and I give it to the mud.	1
Calman	calming	0
No I was asking for a link for were it says their banning the celtic cross , but thanks for the link i 'll check it out .	No, I asked for a link if it says you are banning the Celtic cross, but thank you for the link I’m going to check out.	0
In England there are whole cities that are almost majority ethnic and hundreds of schools with no white children ...	In England, there is a whole city with almost a majority of ethnicities and hundreds of schools without white children.	0
Brother You remind Me of a Young Meatloaf !	Brothers, you remind me of the young meat!	0
It is no mere coincidence that the Liberal Party color is Blue .	It is not a simple coincidence that the color of the Liberal Party is blue.	3
But the duty will be to use those those arms when necessary in defense of the community .	But the duty is to use such weapons when necessary to protect the community.	0
Seekers of Truth , Start out by watching the `` Benjamin Freedman Speaks '' video @ youtube .	Searchers for Truth, start watching the video of 'Benjamin Freedman Talks' @ youtube.	0
When I drove around the more Northern part Ontario I went to school yards to observe the race of the children and saw Blacks and Asiatics there plus too many Natives .	While I was driving in northern Ontario, I went to the school yard to observe the children’s race, to see blacks and Asians, and too many indigenous people.	0
Therefore , the Company has temporarily suspended the acceptance of new orders .	Therefore, the Company has temporarily suspended the receipt of new orders.	0
Just as the bbc begins its campaign to stay in the eu and forever change the racial demographic of the UK and Europe forever .	Just as the BBC stays in the EU and starts a campaign to change racism in Britain and Europe forever.	0
As I said when the races are mixed its more difficult but they can between a white , black or Asian and that proves that races exist .	As I said, when the race is mixed, it is more difficult, but it can be done between white, black, Asian, and it proves the existence of the race.	0
Isnt science supposed to be repeatable before they draw conclusions ?	Can science be repeated before it comes to conclusions?	0
Please enjoy this video of a lovely young lady signing a song from the opera Jesus Christ Superstar : http://www.youtube.com/watch ? v = ws6X-zV _ Wgs	Enjoy this video of a beautiful young woman signing a song in the Opera Jesus Christ Superstar: http://www.youtube.com/watch? v = ws6X-zV _	0
where can i get more info on PU , like how big it is and stuff ? also want to get some better info on `` natiocracy '' and `` social nationalism ''	Where can I get more information about PU, such as how much it is big and things? so want to get more accurate information about “national democracy” and “social nationalism”	0
This is the base core of any pack rather it be 3 day , seven day , trunk or forever kit .	This is the core of the package, and it is 3 days, 7 days, bag, or eternal kit.	0
Why White people used to say that sex was a sin used to be a mystery to me until I saw the children of browns and mixed race children popping up all around me .	Why the Whites said sex was a sin was a mystery for me until I saw children of brown and mixed races appear around me.	1
Any purported `` holy book '' which says such vile & despicable things as the talmud says about Mary & Jesus cannot come from a place of goodness.Jews are so convinced of their superiority that they think they can trick God of their love & fidelity by pretending to honor him .	As Talmud says about Mary and Jesus, the “Bible” that says so ugly things cannot come from the place of good. The Jews are very confident in their superiority, so they think they can tempt the God of their love and loyalty.	1
Aragorn	by Aragoron	0
Is this normally what it should be ?	Should this be normal?	0
and jewish. he 's a member of the jewish community that come here at the turn of the century .	And the Jews.He is a member of the Jewish community that comes here in the turn of the century.	0
This truly goes to show that non whites will follow whites anywhere .	This really shows that non-white people will follow the white people everywhere.	1
The U.S. Marshals Service said Barion A. Blake was killed about 12 : 30 p.m. at The Colonnade at Regency apartments in the 900 block of Monument Road .	According to the US Marshall Service, Barion A. Blake was killed at 12:30 a.m. in a Regency apartment located at the 900 blocks of the Monument Road.	0
No one has the right to dictate that to me nor anyone else .	No one is entitled to dictate that to me or to anyone else.	0
This song is great and I 've heard many excellent versions but this is my favorite .	This song is great and I’ve heard a lot of outstanding versions, but this is one of my favorite ones.	0
Not to mention Wake Forest is a fantastic university , and one of those many online universities that have been popping up .	Not to mention Wake Forest is a great university and one of the many online universities that are emerging.	0
Every time I 've ever taken this test I got roughly around the same spot .	Every time I did this test, I arrived at almost the same place.	0
Yeah Das Boot was great got it as present for Christmas .	Yes, the ship is great and take it as a Christmas gift.	0
Never seen them on anyone else but my mother .	I have never seen anyone except my mother.	0
Blessed Samhain and Happy Halloween to all of my Stormfront Brothers and Sisters .	Happy Samhain and Happy Halloween to all my brothers and sisters from Stormfront.	0
I am not critisizing , you are right , we should all just grow up .	I’m not criticizing, you’re right, we all just have to grow.	0
Thanks for your interest !	Thank You for Your Interest!	0
I'm looking forward to seeing the western media 's apartheid twist on this story whilst they ignore the racist pension and land reform and genocide .	I’m eager to see how Western media treat apartheid in this story while ignoring racist pensions and land reform and genocide.	0
How are you mate ?	How is your mate?	0
Who will volunteer to create pro-White audio books ?	Who will volunteer for creating pro-white audio books?	0
An emission nebula cataloged as Sharpless 249 fills the field at the upper left .	A Sharpless 249 emission nebula fills the field at the top left.	0
A girl that rides in trucks has no place to call home and the wrong guy to call Daddy .	A girl in a truck has no place to call her home, and the wrong guy has no where to call his dad.	0
`` Well , since you guys are n't drinking beer , I suppose I wo n't either ... ''	“Well, because you don’t drink beer, I guess I’m not drinking either.”	0
Although many have asked us to put it aside in politics , this thread is for all those who see where HATE FITS IN and why WE NEED THE HATE WAVE TO CONTINUE .	Many people have asked us to exclude it from politics, but this track is for everyone who sees where we hate and why we should continue what we hate.	1
Good back up because you just never know .	Welcome back, because you never know.	0
Hi All I am 130lb and I have Brown hair and I am looking for a WP girl in NC around fay or brag if this is you e-mail me	Hi everyone I am 130lb and I have brown hair and am looking for a WP girl in NC around fay or brag if this is you send me an email	0
Always see the enemy as the hole in the roof that made the mess .	Always see the enemy, like a hole in the roof.	0
At least they had someone who would have lifted a weapon towards Terrorist or Commies that would have hurt them ... hehe	At least, they had someone who would have lifted a gun to the terrorists or the Commies who had wounded them.	0
Are you an anti-Semite who is trying to undermine the racial integrity of the world 's only Jewish state ?	Are you an anti-Semit who tries to undermine the racial integrity of the only Jewish state in the world?	0
Carver is as much of a fraud as Michael King !	Carver is as fraudulent as Michael King!	0
You cannot buy an identity , or even work your balls off for nothing for one .	You can’t buy an identity, and you can not even pull out a ball for anything for one.	0
What is it like to teach a negro ?	What does it mean to teach black people?	3
All you need is to cut off it 's head and the rest of the problems will crumble away with ease	All you need is to cut off its head and the rest of the problem will easily disappear.	1
They love it .	They loved it.	0
This family that wants to complain about gays should come to San Francisco and raise some hell at these gay pride events .... a much better target ..... and these people in San Francisco openly blasphemied Christ with their parody of ' The Last Supper `` as their poster for their last event .	This family who wants to complain about homosexuality should come to San Francisco to provoke some hell in these gay pride events... a better target... and these people in San Francisco publicly curse Christ with the “Last Supper” as their final activity.	1
today i had an assembly on diversity and how we should embrace other cultures and learn about them .	Today I had a meeting about diversity and how we can accept different cultures and learn about them.	0
I would just like to express how sick and tired I am of bi-racial half-breeds kids at school boasting about their `` unique heritages '' .	I want to express how sick and tired I am to the two-half-racial children who boast of their “unique legacy” at school.	1
Yeah.	Yes yes!	0
It does look good .	This looks good.	0
Lets ask them to stop by the Federal Reserve and grab those books too as long as they 're out and about .	Let them stop at the Federal Reserve, and take those books as soon as they leave.	0
Heroes In The Snow ( Sweden ) - Rock & Roll Midgards Søner ( Sweden ) - Oi !	Heroes In The Snow (Sweden) – Rock & Roll Midgards Søner	0
NOW ! some crap I have not seen before is the displays of passover crap in the stores before .	Now! the shit you haven't seen before is the display of Easter shit in the store before.	0
Just downloaded the 21 May `` edition '' Great as always Huge thanks !	Just downloaded the May 21 “version” great, as usual, very much thanks!	0
I do n't see it .	I am not seeing it.	0
You are probably very familiar with this campaign , but others can view just a sampling of the press and TV coverage here : https : //www.stormfront.org/forum/show ... 277#post695277 https : //www.stormfront.org/forum/show ... 277#post696338 https : //www.stormfront.org/forum/show ... 277#post696651 https : //www.stormfront.org/forum/show ... 277#post696663 https : //www.stormfront.org/forum/show ... 277#post700173 https : //www.stormfront.org/forum/show ... 277#post700257 https : //www.stormfront.org/forum/show ... 277#post701154 https : //www.stormfront.org/forum/show ... 277#post702119 https : //www.stormfront.org/forum/show ... 277#post709327 Yes ... those are all different news stories in different cities in just one activist campaign by Colorado 's NA members .	You’re probably very familiar with this campaign, but others can see just a sample of the press and television coverage here: https: //www.stormfront.org/forum/show... 277#post695277 https: / //www.stormfron.org / forum/show... 277 #post696338 https: \ // www.stornfront. org / forum / show...277# post696651 HTTP: / / www. stormfront.org /forum / Show... 276#post796663 HTTPS: /www.strormfront	0
How about sticking the word hate on the police report and get the sentence quadrupled ?	What about putting the word hate in the police report and getting the four-fold sentence?	0
Capital D which promotes a multicultural Dublin .	Capital D, promoting the multicultural Dublin.	0
I allways stare at them first with very serious eyes and from long distance .	I always look at them first with very serious eyes, and from a great distance.	0
Will you please go to this link and sign the petition in support of the right of Russian Nationalist to march .	Please visit this link and sign a petition in support of the right of Russian nationalists to march.	0
Yup.	and yup!	0
http://www.peroutka2004.com/schedule ... w & event _ id = 259	HTTP://www.peroutka2004.com/chedule... w & event _ id = 254	0
Americans acting like they know what they 're talking about ..	Americans act as if they knew what they were talking about.	0
Not a single picture on any of them had a white male .	None of the photographs had a white man.	0
Croats were so fortunate to have such reliable allies .	The Croats are so lucky to have such a reliable ally.	0
http://www.latimes.com/news/local/la-me-death-penalty2-2010apr02,0,5824772.story * * * * * * * * Kevin Bautista , a 21-year-old black , was shot and killed Saturday , March 27 , According to an LAPD news release , Bautista was sitting in the passenger seat of his car about 6 : 15 p.m. `` when a man and woman drove up in a gray sedan and stopped at the southeast corner of 84th Street and Harvard Boulevard . ''	http://www.latimes.com/news/local/la-me-death-penalty2-2010apr02,0,5824772.story * ** * * * • * Kevin Batista, a 21-year-old black man, was shot dead on Saturday, March 27, according to a LAPD press release, Batista was sitting on the passenger seat of his car at 6:15 p.m., "when a man and a woman were driving a gray sedan, stopping at 84th Street and the southeastern corner of Harvard Avenue.	0
Maybe you need to move , but honestly I think it 's that way everywhere unfortunately .	Maybe you need to move, but to be honest, I think it’s everywhere, unfortunately.	0
Knights Of The Ku Klux Klan Youth Corps	Ku Klux Klan Knight of the Youth Group	0
Look at the preservative crap they are eating too .	Also look at the junk of preservatives they eat.	0
If YOU do not teach your child morals , who will , the jew on the TV ?	If you don’t teach morality to your child, who will do it, the Jew on television?	0
The whites and the asians evoluated , and the blacks are still behind .	Whites and Asians have evolved, while blacks are still behind.	1
They are shipping 15,000 Mc Turdos with fresh flies on the side .	They are shipping 15,000 McTurdos with fresh flies on their side.	0
It 's deadly serious business ...	It is a deadly business.	0
OK, I have been through some of the other threads on this section about NS and watched a few videos on YT .	OK, I’ve been through some of the other topics in this section about NS and saw some videos on YT.	0
i need to know if any whites lives in the La Mirada area i just moved there and i dont know anyone .	I have to know if there are white people living in the area of La Mirada, I just moved there and I don’t know anyone.	0
Hey do you have a permit for your eyes .. coz eyes like that are lethal a man can drown in' em	Do you have permission for your eyes... eyes like these are deadly, can a man drown in you?	0
Don't smoke , do n't drink , do n't chew gum , try to eat little sugar , little artificial ingredients , little sweeteners and preservatives ; healthy and pure , like it should be .	Do not smoke, do not drink alcohol, don’t chew, have less sugar, less artificial ingredients, less sweeteners and preservatives; healthy and pure.	0
He was despised by the EU as was a nationalist and therefore stood for everything that the EU was against. ie. pro family values , proud of his culture etc .	As a nationalist, he was despised by the EU and supported everything the EU opposes, i.e. family values, pride in culture, etc.	0
Been A week since I put any poison in my body and I feel gread ( better every day ) dont have any craving anymore Now I realize how stupid it was to start in the first place PS : Thanks for the suport	A week since I put a poison into my body and I feel great (better every day) I no longer have lust Now I realize how stupid it was to start first PS: Thank you for the support	0
Thank you and this is video I 've made for all of us after I made those for each ethnics : Sons of Europe - Legacy - YouTube Only Unity	Thanks and this is the video I made for all of us after I did it for every ethnicity: Son of Europe - Heritage - YouTube Only Unity	0
Hello I 'd thought i would join has my other half spends alot of time on here he might start to nottice me abit more	Hi I thought I was going to join my other half is spending a lot of time here and he can start to let me know more	0
i might print out b/w copies and just leave them at places to get it out , but first I need an artist .	I can print a b/w copy and have them in a place to get it, but I need an artist first.	0
Just in case anyone is interested , here 's the thread in the Health & Fitness section : `` Eating Fish Makes You Smarter '' along with another one in the Homemaking section : `` Fish Oils and Pregnancy and Infants = Health Smart Babies '' I think the scientific evidence for the benefits of fish is just overwhelming .	Just if someone is interested, here are the trades in the health and fitness section: “Eating fish makes you smarter,” and another in the home-making sector: “Fish oil and pregnancy and infants = Healthy Smart Babies” I think the scientific evidence of the benefits of fish is overwhelming.	0
But a lot of the Whites moved out to Essex and Kent .	But many of the white men moved to Essex and Kent.	0
Parts are more expensive , and exclusive .	Parts are expensive and exclusive.	0
Hmmmm. not a fan of the Hydroshok round .	I am not a fan of Hydroshok.	0
How many yards were lost on that play ?	How many games have been lost in this game?	0
And no of course you not going to lay down and let them do what they please .	And, of course, you will not get up and allow them to do what they like.	0
The same way Jews run the government .	The same is true of Jews running the government.	3
-Yankee Jim	by Yankee JIM	0
http://www.abc25.com/Global/story.asp ? S = 5352185 Non whites commit far more crimes against whites each year but its never considered a hate crime and alot of them never spend any time in jail !	http://www.abc25.com/Global/story.asp? S = 5352185 Non-whites commit a lot of crimes against whites every year, but it is never considered a hate crime, and many of them don’t spend time in prison	1
Miami,( I do n't know how Don can stand living down there ) Hispanic - 279,456 ( 70.0 % ) Black alone - 64,993 ( 16.3 % ) White alone - 47,622 ( 11.9 % ) Asian alone - 3,649 ( 0.9 % ) Two or more races - 2,642 ( 0.7 % ) Other race alone - 676 ( 0.2 % ) American Indian alone - 361 ( 0.09 % ) Native Hawaiian and Other Pacific Islander alone - 58 ( 0.01 % ) Read more : Miami , Florida ( FL ) profile : population , maps , real estate , averages , homes , statistics , relocation , travel , jobs , hospitals , schools , crime , moving , houses , news , sex offenders	Miami (I don't know how Don can stand living down there) Hispanic - 279,456 (70.0 %) Black alone - 64,993 (16.3 %) White alone- 47,622 (11.9 %) Asian alone - 3,649 ( 0.9 % ) Two or more races - 2,642 ( 0.7 %) Different races alone (666 ( 0.2 %) American Indian alone (361 ( 0.09%) Native Hawaii and other Pacific Island people alone - 58 ( 0.01%) Read more: Miami, Florida (FL) Profile: Population, Map, Property, Average, Home, Statistics, Directors, Travel, Day	1
I cannot comprehend how Europeans live their daily lives .	I cannot understand how Europeans live their everyday lives.	0
Will there be similar events in the not-too-distant future ?	Are there similar events in the not too distant future?	0
Or just stay the hell away from cheap , crap ar15s when you can get a damn reliable plinker for $ 700 brand new ......	Or just stay away from the cheap, junk Ar15s, when you can get a reliable Plinker for $700 completely new...	0
He say for my country and my people to we are a gypsie for me it 's the same !	He says to my country and to my people that we are a Gypsy for me that is the same thing!	0
Thank you .	thank you	0
Whether you get along well with the people is irrelevant , and it 's even worse if you get along with them on a personal level because you will express yourself less to avoid offending them .	It doesn’t matter whether you’re getting along well with people or not, and it’s even worse if you get along with them on a personal level to avoid expressing yourself and insulting them.	0
( And to all you hudeksem , you know I 'm pulling your dicks ... )	And for all of you, you know that I am pulling your ass.	0
Beware many of these lectures hustle the jew cults of globalism , humanism , and social collectivism .	Beware of many of these conferences that gather the Jewish cults of globalism, humanism and social collectivism.	0
That beheading is NOTHING compared to what we will see in the future .	That desecration is nothing compared to what we will see in future.	0
Agreed.	agreed on.	0
And nice website also	Also a nice website.	0
My google skills have failed me .	My Google skills are failing me.	0
But of course .	Yet of course.	0
ah it is good to here from the father land if you see me on message me I love to talk with someone for Germany	Oh, it's fine here from my father's land, and if you see me email me I like to talk to someone about Germany	0
B.S., there would not be a race war because of Whites going out and shooting up non-White neighborhoods ; it is already open season on White Americans and White Europeans and White Australians and White Canadians .	B.S., there will be no war because the white people go out and shoot their non-white neighbors; it’s already an open season for the white Americans and the white Europeans, the white Australia and the White Canadians.	0
I found this thread loaded with good clips , here is a few of them .	I found this strip full of good clips, here are a few.	0
Yes, this book is trash , I was made to read it four times in public school while I was growing up .	Yes, this book was rubbish, and I was forced to read it four times when I grew up in public school.	0
http://forum.skadi.net/favorite _ slav ... ight = armenians Last Seen : 1 Week Ago Join Date : Feb 2005 Tribe : Russian Subrace : Turanid Location : Saint-Petersburg Gender : Male Politics : Lappoid collectivist Religion : non-religious Banner : Golden Eagle Posts : 2,401 Reputation : 1366 Reputation Power : 2	http://forum.skadi.net/favorite _ slave... ight = Armenian Last viewed: 1 week ago Joined Date: February 2005 Tribe: Russian Grassroots: Turanid Location: St. Petersburg Gender: Male Politics: Lappoid Collective Religion: Non-Religious Banner: Golden Eagle Posts: 2,401 Reputation: 1366 Power of reputation: 2	0
Check out what I 've been doing .	Look at what I’m doing.	0
The only people I see the swastika attracting is the social outcast and this is repeatedly seen in each and every demonstration by groups which use it .	The only person I see attracting Swastika is a social appearance, and this can be seen repeatedly in each demonstration by the group that uses it.	0
Google translate : Google Translate	Google translation: Google translate	0
Looking at your guys situation makes me realise how lucky I am that my high school is 100 % white however even in my remote countryside community there are more and more black 's moving into the area , and their kids .	Looking at the situation of your people, I realize how lucky it is for my high school to be 100% white, but even in my distant rural communities, more and more blacks are moving to the area and their children.	1
Rule Britannia .	The rule of Britain.	0
Then how come the only ones they arrested in connection with those attacks were active FSB agents ?	So the only people arrested in connection with the attack were FSB agents?	0
Lets see what he says .	Let's see what he said.	0
Greetings all .	congratulations to all.	0
Many thanks Dr. Duke on behalf of all us internet radio addicts , your DavidDuke.com interviews are always very much appreciated !	Thank you very much Dr. Duke on behalf of all the radio addicts on the Internet, your interviews on DavidDuke.com are always highly appreciated!	0
Welcome to Fritz Klingingberg , loyaldefender , c13 and anyone else who may have started posting recently .	Welcome to Fritz Klingingberg, loyaldefender, c13, and anyone else who may have recently started a post.	0
This story could came from the very twisted news of the first days , when hostages were taken .	This story may come from the very distorted news of the first days when the hostages were captured.	0
4. subjects taught Anything the students want or need .	4) Teach students everything they want or need.	0
Wow Video had a ton of insight I am surprised that a Mexican can realize all the bull and bias against us whites	The Wow video had a lot of insights and I was surprised that Mexicans could understand all the cows and biases against us whites.	0
It is a pagan wedding , between a man and a women .	This is a pagan wedding between a man and a woman.	0
Y' all have a nice day .	Everyone has a nice day.	0
First they give us sars then they are standing by watching the law get broken , WTF !?	First, they gave us SAR and then they stood watching the law be broken, WTF!	3
luckily my child goes to a more white school so they do not even teach about this and they are the only school in the county that had school on mlk day .	Fortunately, my child goes to a whiteer school so they don’t even teach about it and they’re the only school in the county that had the school.	0
All you need is an orange tree or apple tree in the backyard and the orangutan will happily spend all day there .	All you need is an orange tree or an apple tree in the back yard and the orangutan will spend the whole day happily there.	0
An Ar15 .	The Ar15.	0
I have light brown hair and light brown eyes , like my father .	I have brown hair and brown eyes, just like my father.	0
As a brit my knowledge of american law is somewhat lacking but even i know that this holder groid has committed treason	As a British, I have little or no knowledge of American law, but I also know that this owner committed a betrayal.	1
What makes it suck are the Jews that run it and the Blacks that play in it .	It is the Jews who run it and the Black who play it.	1
The image below is for the First Week of March 2011. freeman in court - judge bows to Sovereign - Canada YouTube - freeman in court - judge bows to Sovereign - Canada	The image below is for the first week of March 2011 Freeman in court - Judge is Sovereign - Canada YouTube - Freeman at court - Canada - sovereignty	0
Yawn	by Yawon	0
Im glad that he quit because he should never have said he was sorry and he is a coward for backing down	I'm glad he leaves because they should never say He's sorry and he's a coward to support	0
Why would you want to see this pollution spread further into our gene pool ?	Why do you want to see that this pollution continues to spread into our genetic pool?	1
dont know i dont visit it yes grammer is really horrible i hope i will be able to speak english in few years	I don’t know I’m not going to visit it yes the grammar is really awful I hope I can speak English in a few years	0
surely gotta be more than that. town to town you see minority whites. - if whites are supposed to be at least 70million - its a very hard way of showing it	From village to village you can see a minority of white people. - If the white people are expected to be at least 70 million - it's a very difficult way to show it.	0
I hope there is room for one more as i am very excited about this .	I hope there's room for another because I'm very excited about it.	0
They were usually independent collectors with their guns on display or private collections for sale .	They were usually independent collectors, and their weapons were displayed or private collections for sale.	0
I was shooting mine today , and the sights are a little fuzzy .	I took pictures today, but the view is a bit vague.	0
Many tribes had their own `` local '' gods ( and spirits , demons , creatures , etc. ) , yes , but they were usually `` lesser '' gods and the main Slavic pantheon was more or less the same everywhere .	Many tribes had their own “local” gods (and spirits, demons, creatures, etc.), but they were usually “little” Gods, and the main Slavic pantheons were almost the same.	0
Anyway , it 's worth watching .	Anyway, it is worth looking at.	0
Hopefully they do n't get intimidated by the enemies of our land and of our freedom - those antifa scum .	I hope they are not afraid of our land and the enemies of our freedom - that antifa scum.	1
Blacks Who Lynched Blacks -- Truth Behind American Lynchings The Lynching Myths January 15 , 2012 Violent Crimes : Black On White & White On Black : Blacks Who Lynched Blacks -- Truth Behind American Lynchings	The Black Who Lynched the Black - The Truth Behind the American Lynchings The Myths of the Lynchage January 15, 2012 Violent Crimes: Black on White and White on Black: The Negroes Who Lynched the Negro	0
The show is crap .	The show was crap.	0
At least half of all humans are of below-average intelligence .	More than half of all humans have less than average intelligence.	0
Oh my * * * * ing god !	Oh my god!	0
Everyday we called her a race traitor and said her forefathers hang their heads in shame and that she is abusing their sacrifice for her own selfishness .	Every day, we call her a racial traitor, her ancestors hang her head in shame, and she says she is abusing their sacrifices for her egoism.	0
Source	Source of	0
Thanks I' am 31 y old , and it 's too old for a military career in france. i was soldier in a fighting unity during two years ( sapper ) .	Thank you I'm 31 years old, and it's too old for a military career in France.	0
Yes a globe is round , and for centuries those round globes did not have a `` Belarus '' on them .	Yes, a world is circular, and for centuries, these circular worlds have had no “Belarus” on them.	0
Dare to speak out in a country with supposed free speech and you 're labelled a bigot !	Dare to speak in a country called freedom of speech, you are labeled as a fanatic!	0
Kris Roman , Jan Kristel , Dr. Alfred Vierling , Dr. David Duke , Thiery Van Roy , Frederik Ranson , Andreas Thierry , Stephanos Gekas .	Kris Roman, Jan Kristel, Alfred Vierling, David Duke, Thiery van Roy, Fredrik Ranson, Andreas Thierry, Stephanos Gekas.	0
It is the spirit , of your country .	It's the spirit of your country.	0
Who controls the media ?	Who control the media?	0
Nothing unusual about that except it said on the back window .	There is nothing unusual about this, except what is said in the back window.	0
I 'm very worried she is n't well .	I'm very worried she's not well.	0
This is the main logo when you sign on to their website	This is the primary logo when you log in to their website	0
A Memphis City Schools teacher will remain in federal custody for at least a few more days while her attorney tries to find a secure drug-treatment facility for her before addressing criminal drug charges .	A teacher at Memphis Municipal School will be in federal detention for at least a few days while her lawyers try to find a safe drug treatment facility for her before dealing with criminal drug charges.	0
1. good news , especially that of the gospel [ < A.S. god spel , good tidings ] ; 2. one who carries the gospel news ; an evangelist : Evangel , Archaic , any one of the four Gospels. [ < Gk. euaggelion , the gospel < eu , well + aggellos , a messenger ]	1. good news, especially that of the Gospel; 2. one that brings the evangelization; a evangelist: Evangel, Archaic, one of the four Gospels.	0
And so friendly too .	So very friendly too.	0
Woy's face was a picture at the end of that Uruguay game .	Woy's face is a photo at the end of the Uruguay match.	0
Whites get along with Asians much more than they do with blacks or Hispanics .	White people are more friendly with Asians than blacks and Hispanics.	0
Just like Mauricio Rua .	Same as Mauricio Luia.	0
Such a shame that a beautiful city with such a superb setting is being ruined !	It is a pity that such a beautiful city with such a great environment is ruined!	0
Yeah, hay rides are popular here .	Yes, there are routes that are popular here.	0
Try El Paso Texas Soo much mudd invasion that the river is the same color as those playing/crossing in it .. year round !	Try The Texas Pass Soo a lot of mud invasion that the river is of the same color as those who play/cross on it.. all year round!	1
too bloody right mate hey dont get me wrong i use short cuts all the time but sometimes it jus goes 2 far	Too Bloody Right, Hey Don't Get Me Wrong, I use short cuts all the time, but sometimes that goes very far	0
Thats how it ends up when you leave blacks alone i guess .	That’s how it ends when the black ones are left alone.	3
Mam and Dad 's side both Irish .	My mother and father are both Irish.	0
It's pretty simple ; if they come at you , you come at them .	It is quite simple; if they come to you, you come to them.	0
hey im looking to talk to/meet ppl around my age in my area 16/f/poway sanDiego any1 around me wanna message back to this that be awesome thnkx	I am looking to talk to / meet ppl around my age in my area 16 / f / poway sanDiego any1 around me would like a message back to what is great thnkx	0
Disgusting !	Disappointed!	0
I do n't know ... if afrocant 's do n't slather their skin several times a day with cocoa butter lotion it takes on a definite crocodilian appearance .	I don’t know... If Africans didn’t apply their skin with Coca-Cola cream several times a day, it would have a clear crocodile appearance.	1
Viva la MayheeKo !	MayheKo is alive!	0
Then these students graduated college and joined the workforce , only to fail .	Later, these students graduated from college, joined the workforce and failed.	0
$7.50 , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , German O.D. suspenders You might get raped on shipping , I do n't know .	$7.50,,,,,,	0
Period .	of period.	0
So lets do it to the beaners .	Let it be for the beaners.	0
Was hoping it would be to commemorate the plantation as a dark part of our history but it appears to be celebrating it .	I hope it is about commemorating the plantation as a dark part of our history, but it seems to celebrate it.	0
Cross-dressing is in , could try that !	We have a cross dress, so try it!	0
- Pigs Resort To Cannibalism On Modise ? s Farm - News in pictures - Howzit MSN News	Pigs Resort to Cannibalism on Modise's Farm - News in images - Howzit MSN News	0
Also : National Alliance Local Area Contacts Riverside , CA ( 909 ) 789-4215 http://www.natvan.com/phone-numbers/	National Alliance Local Area Contacts Riverside, CA (909) 789-4215 https://www.natvan.com/phone-Numbers/	0
It 's an anti-white male thing .	This is something of an anti-white man.	0
The native hunter-gatherers , on the other hand , show 100 % incidence of blue eyes but do not have all the same mutations for light skin as the farmer and Steppe populations .	On the other hand, indigenous hunting collectors show 100% incidence of blue eyes, but not all have the same light skin mutations as farmers and steppe populations.	0
Just as long as it proves to provide irritation in my book .	As long as it is proven to cause anger in my book.	0
This used to be a nice white city , lots of German immigrants etc .	It was once a beautiful white city, with a lot of German immigrants and so on.	0
You can also try this Online Education Directory To find out a good rated online school .	You can also try this online educational directory to find a well-rated online school.	0
