Absolutely!	Absolutely!	0
There 's a social group she can join to post in and not have to post publicly , if she wants .	There’s a social group she can join to post in and don’t have to post publicly, if she wants.	0
The Negro Pre-Adamite beast girl complains that this somehow mysteriously `` targets '' her .	The Negro Pre-Adamite beast girl complaints that this somehow mysteriously “targets” her.	1
This is from the back-file at Stormfront 's Advanced Scout forum which is solely devoted to promoting the Pioneer Litte Europe strategy .	This is from the back-file at Stormfront’s Advanced Scout forum which is solely devoted to promoting the Pioneers Litte Europe strategy.	0
You acted like yourself .	You act like yourself.	0
I joined under another name way back in 2003 when SF Britain was a single page , i miss those early days the banter and comradeship was fantastic	I joined under another name way back in 2003 when SF Britain was a one-page, I miss those early days the bander and comradeship was fantastic	0
Help me send a message to Obama : https : //petitions.whitehouse.gov/pet ... istan/SZP82fbc https : //petitions.whitehouse.gov/pet ... ation/PLzLzpnc https : //petitions.whitehouse.gov/pet ... -iran/Gs7L50Kv https : //petitions.whitehouse.gov/pet ... h-irs/s8XQx9Hs https : //petitions.whitehouse.gov/pet ... tates/nzjYDlGM	Help me send a message to Obama : https : //petitions.whitehouse.gov/pet... istan/SZP82fbc https : /petitions.whiteHouse.gov /pet... ation/PLzLzpnc https: //pettions.whatehouse.gob/pet... -iran/Gs7L50Kv https ://petitions	0
That is until she finds her glasses ! : stupid : jump	That's until she finds her glasses! : stupid : jump	0
I have no use for the NBA or any self important black celebrities .	I have no use for the Nba or any self-important black celebrities.	0
Yep same here , i have my wife here and we have 2 kids a 2 year old and a 1 month old .	Yes, the same here, I have my wife here and we have 2 children a 2 year old and a 1 month old.	0
YouTube - David Irving part 7 of 10	YouTube - David Archer part 7 of 10 -	0
i sort of understand where you are coming from but plenty of whites have sold us down the river so to speak although the jew is always in the background its very complicated will we ever find out the truth. somalians = scumalians !	I kind of understand where you are coming from but plenty of whites have sold us down the river so to speak although the Jew is always in the background its very complicated will we ever find out the truth. somalians = scumalians!	1
I have heard that if a person uses normal bullets for target practicing and suddenly changes to FMJ bullet then he experiences performance degrade .	I’ve heard that if a person uses normal bullets for targeting practice and suddenly changes to FMJ bullet then he experiences performance degradation.	0
I seriously ca n't figure what group I belong to ... any suggestions ? * The Mighty Sisto *	I seriously can't figure which group I belong to... any suggestions? * The Mighty Sisto *	0
Racist attack on tv show south africa BBC - YouTube	Racist attack on TV show South Africa BBC - YouTube	0
Some places to look up jobs ..	Some places for looking for jobs.	0
Elmira, N.Y.	by Elmira, NY	0
Not to mention the political correctness spew thrown into the ' actual learning ' .	Not to mention the political correctness spit thrown into the ‘real learning’.	0
Leave now .	leave now.	0
I went to buy some new socks today and a couple of t-shirts .	I went to buy some new socks and a couple of t-shirts today.	0
I can sincerely tell you that I am certain he was a beautiful man and I love names of honour and those which hold origo within our folklore . ... for him .	I can sincerely tell you that I am sure he was a beautiful man and I love names of honor and those that hold origo within our folklore.	0
I prefer male teachers and my girlfriend says she likes female teachers .	I prefer male teachers and my boyfriend says she likes female teachers.	0
Some day 's .	Someone’s a day.	0
>>I would love to visist Ireland and eventually move there .	“I would love to visit Ireland and eventually move there.	0
And make her practice .	And do her practice.	0
It is nice to see the youth of today uniting ... you are the future of this movement 88	It is nice to see the youth of now uniting...you are the future of this movement.	0
( Source of quote. )	(Source of the quote )	0
You can send it to us at drmradio@ymail.com.	You can send it to us at Drmradio@ymail.com..	0
OK.	Ok to OK	0
Only the crazy ones stay .	Only the mad ones stay.	0
I saw a white and a black couple the other day and nearly went ballistic and got enraged .	I saw a white and a black couple the other dag and went ballistic and got angry.	1
Well we wo n't stand for that no more !	Well we wo not stand for that no more!	0
And then there 's Asiacourt , the once beautiful , safe , WHITE , area of Scarborough ... ( and the last i checked ) was a garbage infested Chinease outpost .	And then there’s Asiacourt, the once beautiful, safe, WHITE, area of Scarborough... (and the last I checked) was a garbage infested Chinese outpost.	1
However I hope we 'll get off our butts before then .	But I hope we get off our ass before then.	0
Welcome to the front lines ...	Welcome to front lines...	0
Hell I 'd rather clean a dozen tiolets a day then have to walk into a bathroom and see some mongrel standing there with a mop giving me a glassy-eyed stare .	Hell I’d rather clean a dozen tiolets a day then have to walk into a bathroom and see a few mongrel standing there with a mop giving me a glassy-eyed star.	1
If anyone is interested in a meet up please feel free to pm me so we can set something up we are now in Toronto and St Catharines .	If anyone is interested in a meeting up please feel free to pm me so we can set up something we are now in Toronto and St. Catharines.	0
When the wheel hits the road , it wo n't matter if you swing for yellow or black , just that you swing from the nearest overpass .	When the wheel hits the road, it doesn’t matter if you swing for yellow or black, just that you swim from the nearest overpass.	1
I've gotten where I really do n't like pro sports of any type but the pomp and circumstance surrounding American football is just ridiculus .	I have gotten where I really don’t like pro sports of any type but the pomp and circumstance surrounding American soccer is just ridiculous.	0
The one part of the video that is n't surprising .	The one part of the video which is not surprising.	3
I hope Labrat can get it back , I liked the site .	I hope Labrat can get back it, I liked the site.	0
As long as my heart is true to the cause .	As long as my mind is true to the cause.	0
Judeo-Christians seem to focus on the idea that Jesus was a Jewish carpenter , from the line of Jewish king David .	Judeo-Christians seem to focus on the idea that Jesus is a Jewish carpenter, from the line of Jewish king David.	0
Sub 50 yards , as 99 % of our conflicts will be when SHTF , this is probably the round of choice .	Under 50 yards, as 99% of our conflicts will be when SHTF, this is probably the round of choice.	0
My wife 's favorite place in Ireland is in the Kingdom , Cloghane Village , and O' Connor 's pub. I hope that place has n't been invaded .	My wife’s favorite place in Ireland is in the Kingdom, Cloghane Village, and O’Connor’s pub.	1
https : //www.youtube.com/watch ? v = 3rnRPhEwELo & index = 2 & list = FL3k6cf7xGPKJ02hiGVCjfCQ	https : //www.youtube.com/watch? v = 3rnRPhEwELo & Index = 2 & list = FL3k6cf7xGPKJ02hiGVCjfCq	0
If the White House was a mud hut I might believe it ... however it looks like the exact same architecture as many other European designed/built structures .	If the White House was a mud hut I might believe it...but it looks like the exact same architecture as many other European designed/built constructions.	0
Anyone remember an old greyhound track ( since been closed ) in London called ' White City ' ?	Anyone remember an old greyhound track (since being closed) in London called 'White City'?	0
?		2
I have nothing against them .	I have anything against them.	0
I' v checked them out but could n't find much but apparently they have presence in Britain .	I checked them out but couldn’t find much but apparently they have presence in Brittany.	0
Steel casing have to be harder on the gun .	Steel casing must be harder on the gun.	0
drinking does ease the sorrow of a lonely life .. it 's so tempting to just go out and get drunk , and laid like i did in my youth .. but i have n't got the energy for it anymore .. more likely to lie in bed and cry until it 's time to go work .. still hoping life gets better than this : drink 2508	Drinking does ease the sorrow of a lonely life... it’s so tempting to just go out and get drunk, and laid as I did in my youth... but I have n’t got the energy for it anymore... more likely to lie in bed and cry until it’ s time to go work... still hoping life gets better than this: drink.	0
I've lost count of the many SF MODs who wanted me to leave .	I have lost count of the many SF MODs that wanted me to leave.	0
Where in Alabama are you ?	Where are you in Alabama?	0
The jews in Hollywood would almost be happy about that	The Jews in Hollywood would almost have been happy about that.	0
I so hope that coon got life in jail or the death penaltyYou did and are doing the best you can nobody can ask for more .	I so hope that coon got life in prison or the death penaltyYou did and are doing the best you can no one can ask for more.	1
Please do n't use the fallacy of authority either .	Please do not use the fallacy of authority, either.	0
They show music videos on day time and movies and other shows in the nights .	They show music videos during the daytime and movies and other shows at night.	0
I know I would stick up for a white girl any day .	I know I would stick for a white girl any day.	0
Have not done DNA testing , but looking at the family tree I can see that it 's mostly British with some Italian and Scandinavian thrown in for good measure .	Have not done DNA testing, but looking at the family tree I can see that it’s mostly British with some Italian and Scandinavian thrown in for good measure.	0
Make a visit here , lad . .	Make a visit to me, lady.	0
The Jews say they are The Chosen Ones The Blacks say they are the original Hebrews Israelites Our worst enemies want to be us and we refuse to accept that we are HIS ! ... and so it goes ..	The Jews say they are the Chosen Ones The Blacks say they’re the original Hebrew Israelites Our worst enemies want to be us and we refuse to accept that we are HIS!	1
I would like to say that I really had a great time last night and that I felt it was a very well organized night with a great message .	I would like to say that I really had a great time last night, and that I felt it was a very well organized night with a great messaging.	0
I have a Bear compound bow I bought many years ago .	I have a Bear composite bow I bought many years ago.	0
If anyone wants to watch sports , whether white or non-white , let them .	If anyone wants to watch sports, whether white or non-white, let them.	0
David Duke with Bruno Gollnisch !	David Duke with Bruce Gollnisch.	0
Nope.	by NOPE. 🙂	0
For our Folk , Melody	For our people, Melody	0
I live in northern Alberta and even there I ca n't get away from them .	I live in northern Alberta and there I can’t get away from them.	0
Isn't wonderful to both be living in a free nation with a First Amendment where you can have your dictionary definition that works for you and I can have my dictionary definition that works for me ?	Isn’t it wonderful to both be living in a free nation with a First Amendment where you can have your dictionary definition that works for you and I can have my dictionary definition that works to me?	0
The last thing we need is for whites to start talking ebonics .	The last thing we need is for white people to start talking ebonics.	0
and I just want to put it out there I have the receipts for all but what I gave debras and what I gave to the mechanic in Elgin for debras van but as you can see from leithnd.com even they watched me pay that just go to town news and click on the November 29th post	and I just want to put it out there I have the receipts for all but what I gave debras and what I given to the mechanic in Elgin for debras van but as you can see from Bhend.com even they watched me pay that just go to town news and click on the November 29th post	0
Hell they fry it in lard and eat it with rice .	Hell they fry it in the lard and eat it with rice.	0
Because behaving like civilized and educated person is `` to white '' for negroes .	Because behaving like a civilized and educated person is “to white” for Negroes.	1
So , TALK TO ME !!	So talk to me!!	0
I was a Right Sector supporter but it starts to sound as if they are in fact just Israeli agents ......	I was a Right Sector supporter but it starts sounding as if they are in fact just Israeli agents.	0
Truly .	really... 🙂	0
I was happy to see only whites in that movie , though there could 've been a few jews or half jews there but I would n't know .	I was happy to see only whites in that movie, though there could have been a few Jews or half Jews there but I’t know.	0
Hey There I just moved here to Saskatoon and was hoping to hook up with some WN in the city here .	Hey There I just moved here to Saskatoon and was looking to connect with some WN in the city here.	0
I remember after the Boston Marathon bombings watching Fox News and they said law enforcement was consulting Israel for advice .	I remember after the Boston Marathon bombings watching Fox News, and they said law enforcement was consulting Israel for advice.	0
You wo n't see any of them in a thread like this who do n't come just to take a cheap shot at us via strawman arguments or ad hominems .	You don’t see any of them in a thread like this who don’ts not just come to take a cheap shot at us via strawman arguments or ad hominems.	0
Here is the link to our Youth Corps page , just click on the words !	Here is the link to our Youth Corp page, just click on the words!	0
Seems like our message is getting to the right people .	It seems that our message is going to the right people.	0
Whatever other activities they have been doing I am currently unaware of .	Whatever other activities they have done I am currently unaware of.	0
Every white person is welcome here with the reminder to have an eye for the gypsies .	Every white person is welcome here with the remindment to have an eye for the Gypsies.	0
It's a shame that universities of Canada import black and brown people .	It is a shame that universities of Canada import blacks and brown people.	1
See the new thread @ https : //www.stormfront.org/forum/t989503/	See the new thread @ https : //www.science.org/forum/t989503/	0
Blood and Honour is a world wide white organisation .	Blood and Honor is a worldwide white organization.	0
Israel arrests him i bet Lentin and co are very happy.All students looking in see what scum the Jews are.Details here www.normanfinkelstein.com	Israel arrests him I bet Lentin and co are very happy.All students looking in see what scum the Jews Are.Details here www.normanfinkelstein.com	1
Dangers of government schools : exposing your kids to philosophy like this ....	Dangers of government schools: exposing your children to philosophy like this.	0
open a new shop somewhere get my son more interested in education ( he hates school ) help mor ein my community try to whiten things up > >	open a new shop somewhere get my son more interested in education (he hates school) help mor ein my community try to whiten things up > >	1
This is an impressive site .	This is a impressive site.	0
I'll be over in Riga in a few days .	I will be in Riga in a few weeks.	0
Most of these MODs are gone now .	Most of these mods are now gone.	0
Incredible range of animals we 've got here .	Incredible range of animal we’ve got here.	0
They would perform a rape test and get the evidence immediately .	They would perform a rapet test and get the evidence immediately.	0
Israeli Embassy in Ireland had to take note of the graffiti giving their Jewish supremacists worldwide and in Ireland being given notice. scroll down to their 6/6/13 entry on their Israel in Ireland fb page https : //www.facebook.com/IsraelinIreland	The Israeli Embassy in Ireland had to take note of the graffiti giving their Jewish supremacists worldwide and in Ireland being given notice. scroll down to their 6/6/13 entry on their Israel in Ireland fb page https : //www.facebook.com/IsraelinIreland.	0
Since you guys are opposed to miscegenation , I wonder what you think of yourselves being mixed .	Since you guys are opposed to miscegenation, I wonder what you think of yourself being mixed.	0
In many countries the Jew/white liberal will throw you in jail for longer than a murderer for denying their `` evidence '' !	In many countries the Jew/white liberal will throw you in jails for longer than a murderer for denying their “evidence”!	1
I love audio !	I like the audio!	0
ApÃ © ro gÃ © ant : trois jeunes soupÃ § onnÃ © s de viol https : //www.stormfront.org/forum/t809905/	ApÃ © ro gÃ © ant : trois jeunes soupÃ § onnÃ © s s de viol https : //www.stormfront.org/forum/t809906/	2
They 'd be ostracized for including a scene like this in a Disney movie today .	They’d be ostracized for including a scene such as this in a Disney movie today.	0
CF	cf	0
There was not one white child amongst them .	There was not one child among them.	0
It is about time damn it If we keep listening to the damn Ass teachers we are going to change from Aryan to Airy Einstein is Airy want us to believe in time travel and hooking up a hose to the sky to funnel dark energy when the damn professors funneling funds and teaching Einstein 's stupidity I can prove Einstein stupid and I tried to meet David Duke to end Einstein and he did not reply Any History makers ?	It’s about time damn it If we keep listening to the damn ass teachers we’re going to change from Aryan to Airy Einstein is Airy want us to believe in time travel and hooking up a hose to the sky to funnel dark energy when the damned professors funneling funds and teaching Einstein’s stupidity I can prove Einstein stupid and I tried to meet David Duke to end Einstein and he didn’t answer Any History makers?	0
I take it as a compliment when someone calls me a Nazi because they are essentially comparing me to the greatest men to have ever walked this planet .	I take it as a compliment when someone calls me a Nazi because they’re essentially comparing me to the greatest men who have ever walked this planet.	0
True point .	The true point.	0
I 'll have a lot of Asian teachers when I transfer to university though .	I’ll have a lot of Asian teachers when i transfer to university though.	0
White Rage , it 's what 's for dinner !!	White Rage, it’s what’s for dinner!!	0
Can anyone confirm if the Nuclear Plant has melted down or not ? ( I sincerely hope that it has not melted down or has been damaged in a dangerous radio active cloud spreading way. )	Can anyone confirm whether the Nuclear Plant has melted down or not? (I sincerely hope that it has not melting down or has been damaged in a dangerous radioactive cloud spreading way.)	0
It 's all about race mixing .	It’s all about race blending.	0
Not a chance .	Not an opportunity.	0
Was this the first time these guys have been caught in Ireland or has there been more situations like this ?	Was this the first time these guys have been caused in Ireland or have there been more situations like this?	0
Now spitting is n't very ladylike , but it 's pretty funny , it gets the point across in all languages and they are left behind while you go away safely .	Now spitting is not very ladylike, but it's pretty funny, it gets the point across in all languages and they are left behind while you go away safeguardly.	0
Then the Mother rings the dinner bell on the porch .	Then the mother rings the dinner bell on the porch.	0
Hitlerjugend Quex Der Ewige Jude Jude Suss Those are some movies the Nazi 's made and are very good and informative .	Hitlerjugend Quex Der Ewige Jude Jude Suss These are some films the Nazis's made and are very good and informative.	1
Post freely , in all forums .	Post freely, in all forums.	0
Sure seen a few Munster fans with it too last weekend .	Sure seen a few Munsters fans with it too last weekend.	0
I will grin and bear it and keep on getting respectable grades .	I will laugh and bear it and continue to get respectable grades.	0
Yeah, if msnbc would air videos like this they 'd get much higher ratings than the same ole negro grumblings .	Yeah, if msnbc would air videos like this they’d get much higher ratings than the same ole negro grumblings.	1
And I also hope that thing like that is not gonna happen with our brothers from Belarus and Ukraine , who are also working illegaly on construction jobs .	And I also hope that thing like that will not happen to our brothers from Belarus and Ukraine, who are also working illegally on construction jobs.	0
Please watch your six brothers and sisters we are all targets to some degree .	Please watch your six brothers and sister we are all targets to some extent.	0
this gonna be a long post I see - konavle - look better - it is ours on this map ... small land but important	This is a long post I see - konavle - look better - it's ours on this map... small land but important	0
It has been reported for a hour now that weapons have fallen into the hands of the opposition in Ternopil and Lviv after seizing of government installations .	It has been for an hour now that weapons have fallen into the hands of the opposition in Ternobyl and Lviv after seizing government installations.	0
haha I was thinking the same thing !	haha, I was thinking the very same thing!	0
In Canada , I 'm sure it means American Injun/Innuit .	In Canada, I’m sure it means American Injun/Inuit.	0
Never.	never to. 🙂	0
I wonder if we will have to wait until the trial for a photo .	I wonder if we will have to await until the trial for a photo.	0
http://www.amv3.com/forum/viewtopic.php ? p = 5542#5542	http://www.amv3.com/forum/pvc.php? p = 5542#5542	0
Over looking Howe Sound .	Looking at Howe Sound.	0
I refused to swerve my truck away , they scattered like a troop of baboons being charged by a lion .	I refused to swing my truck away, they scattered like a troop of babons being charged by a lion.	1
The Savage Mark ll is affordable , accurate , and comes with the adjustable Accutrigger .	The Savage Mark ll is affordable, accurate, and comes with the adjustable Accutrigger.	0
I had to get used to her looking like that because she looked so obviously fake .	I had to get used to her looking that way because she looked so obviously fake.	0
http://www.youtube.com/watch ? v = 0Ljpk ... elated & search =	http://www.youtube.com/watch? w = 0Ljpk... elated & search = 0	0
My * specialty * is network security .	My specialty is network security.	0
I would probably vote for him if he was on the ballot .	I would probably vote for him, if he were on the ballot.	0
Also after sticking them on you can coat them in a flour/water mixture like they use for large posters and it dries see through and is damn near impossible to remove later .	Also after sticking them on you can coat them in a flour/water mixture as they use for large posters and it dries see through and is damn almost impossible to remove later.	0
#11 caps are useless on this particular gun , as you go around the cylinder at least one full revolution before they can actually seat fully and fire .	#11 caps are useless on this particular gun, as you go around the cylinder at least one full revolution before they can really sit fully and fire.	0
Here is a link to Philippe Rushton 's review of Vanhanen and Lynn 's IQ and the Wealth of Nations : http://www.ssc.uwo.ca/psychology/fac ... /L & Vreview.pdf	Here is a link to Philippe Rushton's review of Vanhanen and Lynn's IQ and the Wealth of Nations : http://www.ssc.uwo.ca/psychology/fac...	0
A History of Everyday Things in England 1066-1499 .	A History of Everyday things in England 1066-1499	0
Our brothers & sisters in SA must stand their ground because they have earned through the blood and sweat of their ancestors .	Our brothers and sisters in SA must stand their ground because they have earned through their ancestors’ blood and sweat.	0
Oh the irony ....	The irony...	0
The kids were not allowed to talk .	The children were not allowed to speak.	0
YouTube - The Barbie Doll Test	YouTube - the Barbie Doll test	0
As of March 13th , 2014 , the booklet had been downloaded over 18,300 times and counting .	As of March 13, 2014, the booklet had been downloaded over 18,300 times.	0
We will never forget this to your nation and to your country !	We will never forget this for your nation and your country!	0
Their cheerleaders went to court for their First Amendment rights in putting Bible verses on their football game banners & won .	Their cheerleaders went to court for their First Amendments rights in putting Bible verses on their football game banners & won.	0
The link appears to have been broken .	The link seems to have been broken.	0
They decided to go on a road trip .	They decided to take a road trip.	0
If I could create a disease that wipes out all Black 's I would .	If I could create a disease that wipe out all Black’s I would.	1
This does n't make her not want to go outside and play .	This doesn’t make her not want to go out and play.	0
I can give you her Skype and she will answer all your questions .	I can give you her Skype, and she will answer all your questions.	0
Apparently white people are the last to go out of their race for dating anyways !	Apparently white people are the last one to go out of their race for dating anyway!	0
The Aryan Body , Mind and Soul - Prodigies and Geniuses Johann Sebastian Bach ( March 31 , 1685 - July 28 , 1750 ) Johann Sebastian Bach was a German composer , organist , violist and violinist whose ecclesiastical and secular works for choir , orchestra and solo instruments drew together the strands of the Baroque period and brought it to its ultimate maturity .	Johann Sebastian Bach (March 31, 1685 – July 28, 1750) was a German composer, organist, violinist and violinista whose ecclesiastical and secular works for choir, orchestra and solo instruments drew together the strands of the Baroque period and brought it to its ultimate maturity.	0
I did feel for the white teachers and especially the white kids who went to the schools .	I felt for the white teachers and especially the white children who went to schools.	0
With the exception of two mestizo teachers , all my teachers from kindergarten to now have been white .	With the exception of two mestizo teachers, all my teachers from kindergarten to now have been whites.	0
If its a non white they cover it up .	If it is a non-white they cover it up.	0
www.third-reich-books.com - English translations of hundreds of Third Reich originals without negative commentary !	www.third-reich-books.com - English translation of hundreds of Third Reich originals without negative commentary!.	0
Just be patient and go slow .	Just be patience and go slow.	0
Reminds me of Homer Simpson 's `` angry art '' This looks like something I made as a kid [ the winner ! ]	Reminds me of Homer Simpson’s “Angry Art” This looks like something I made as a child [the winner!]	0
I wonder if one of the victims opened the door to their apartment for some reason .	I wonder if one of the victims opens the door to their apartment for some reason.	0
The language itself , though , is nowhere near that .	The language itself, however, is nowhere near that.	0
The concept of carrying thousands of varmit rounds to enable spray and pray in battle is a post Korean War concept .	The concept of carrying thousands of varmit rounds to allow spray and pray in battle is a post-Korean War concept.	0
I stillz listens to da Eminem and Wu-Tang Klan ( Big Up ! ) an sheot , but bitches know not ta reprazent !	I stillz listenens to da Eminem and Wu-Tang Klan (Big Up!) a sheot, but bitches know not ta reprazent!	0
I've read many post on here saying Israel gives training to US law enforcement .	I have read many posts here that Israel gives training to US law enforcement.	0
And on the ground ground and pound and submissions have finished hundreds of fighters over the years .	And on the ground and pound and submissions have finished hundreds and hundreds of fighters over the years.	0
There are n't any towns down here that are as clean and well kept as Kalispell .	There are no towns down here that are as clean and wellined as Kalispell.	0
Clemente 's friend , told detectives the couple had broken up about two weeks ago and Demps had moved out of the house .	Clemente's friend, told detectives the couple had broken up about two weeks ago and Demps had moved out of the house.	0
Anybody else notice we have a lot of asians showing up here lately all wanting to share their thoughts ?	Anyone else notices we have a lot of Asians appearing here lately all wanting to share their thoughts?	0
Perhaps consider asking a friend to put up a/some flyers that show him and say that he is a statuatory rapist who preys on underage white girls !	Per consider asking a friend to put up a/some flyers that show them and say that he is a statutory rapist who preys on underage white girls!	0
Just me .	just me.	0
Hey Frank if I wasnt on the other side of the planet would I do .	Hey Frank if I wasted on the other side of the planet I would do.	0
Paying for sky sports is nearly as bad .	Paying for sky sport is as bad.	0
Just badly spelt like everything else in Holland ?	Just badly spelled like everything else in Holland?	0
Definitely would n't go to try to buy some of those useless weapons .	Definitely would not go to try to buy some of those useless arms.	0
Ya got a virgin shooter .	I have a virgin shoot.	0
They should be executed forthwith and publically .	They should be executed immediately and publicly.	0
There is nothing patriotic in acting like a nagger .	There is nothing patriotic at acting like a nagger.	0
In South Africa crime is out of hand and the Whites are bearing the brunt .	In South Africa crime is out of hand, and the whites are bearing the burden.	0
Ya have to watch how they change the wording of things , worker = commie thinking .	Ya have to watch how they change the wordings of things, worker = commie thinking.	0
Three and a half hour after I 've told them the same , and they still keep talking on and on about nothing .	Three and a half hours after I’ve told them the same, and they still keep talking on and on about nothing.	0
I 'm too close to the left coast .	I am too close to the left shore.	0
Only a few small edits have occurred since the last bump for this article .	Only a few small edits have occurried since the last bump for this article.	0
So do I. The small dogs like those maltese and things we call stoep kakkers , because all they are good for is leaving turds on your stoop .	So do I. The small dogs like those Maltese and things we call steep kakkers, because all they are good for is leaving turds on your steep.	1
I was fortunate enough to be blessed with Reddish Blond hair .	I was lucky enough to be blessed with Reddish blond hair.	0
They were kind of up in arms but said most Scots are lefties .	They were kind of up in armed but said most Scots are leftys.	0
I've never heard of this but I guess that it would be based on the amount of food our country produces .	I have never heard of this but I guess it would be based on the amount of food our country produce.	0
Were you to ever witness the `` fighting unto death '' displayed by game fowl you 'd soon discover that theres nothing chicken about chickens .	If you ever witnessed the "fighting to death" displayed by game bird you'd soon discover that there is nothing chicken about chickens.	0
Its funny how the unregistered members or the open forum members try to rationalize their thoughts	It’s funny how the unregistered members or the Open Forum members try to rationalize their thoughts.	0
Hello, Do you want to know how i think nationalism ?	Do you want to know what I think of nationalism?	0
Guess you must have forgotten engles from lack of use Try it is espagnol !	Guess you must have forgotten angels from lack of use Try it is Spanish!	0
MVI 0147 Dead Pig Stops New Mosque Construction !	MVI 0147 Dead pig stops new mosque construction	0
Warning : Graphic .	Warning: The graphic	0
And it 's true !	And it is true!	0
If we dont stop fighting over territory , we will have none left to ourselfes anyones .	If we do not stop fighting over territory, we will have no anions left to ourselves.	0
In concerns of ' chaos ' , within Greek mythology Chaos was held to be the primal space between heaven and earth , being mother to all substances arising from air .	In concerns of 'chaos', within Greek mythology Chaos was held to be the primary space between heaven and earth, being the mother of all substances arising from air.	0
-Strictly , no goyim friends .	Strictly, no goyim friends.	0
I live in the Northern Jesery ( Essex ) but i have a Summer house in Ocean County also that im always at .	I live in the Northern Jesery (Essex) but I have a Summer house in Ocean County also that im always at.	0
Eventually , the city would take it back and I 'd be out ten bucks. more entertainment .	Eventually, the city would take it back and I’d be out ten dollars. more entertainment.	0
One school that stood out was an elementary schoolI was sent to that was 100 % black .	One school that stood out was a elementary school I was sent to that was 100% black.	0
What educational goals or philosophies influence what curricula you pick ?	What educational goals or philosophias influence which curricula you choose?	0
What u look like ?	What do you look like?	0
I remember in grade 8 doing a project on that , and I got punished by the teacher because `` only blacks were slaves '' She was an idiot !	I remember in grade 8 doing a project on that, and I was punished by the teacher because “only blacks were slaves” She was an idiot!	0
I 'm just worried about screening cause some amateur shows dont pay and also if there is no medical tests someone might have aids .	I’m just worried about screening because some amateur shows don’t pay and also if there are no medical tests someone might have aid.	0
I also have been talking to a person from Denmark , and I learned about gingerbread , dancing around the tree , and the various customs of Jul ( Dinner , place presents under the tree , desert , dance around tree , open presents ) .	I have also been talking to a person from Denmark, and I learned about gingerbread, dancing around the tree, and the various customs of Christmas (Dinner, place presents under the tree, desert, dance around the trees, open gifts).	0
It looks like it 's not likely to go anywhere , but this could potentially trigger a panic buying frenzy which would make armor hard to find and jack prices thru the roof overnite .	It looks like it’s not likely to go anywhere, but this could potentially trigger a panic buying frenzy that would make armor hard to find and jack prices through the roof overnite.	0
I 'm sure I 'm not missing much .	I am sure I am not missing much.	0
To learn more , click here : www.jonasridgeway.com/tech2.html www.spiritual.com.au/astral.html www.astralweb.org www.near-death.com/experiences/cayce01.html www.astralvoyage.com/projection/index.html It would be pretty cool for teachers to tell White kids they go out-of-body every night .	To learn more, click here: www.jonasridgeway.com/tech2.html www.spiritual.com.au/astral.html www.astralweb.org www.near-death.com / experiences/cayce01.html www	0
Let black people to join the result of `` diversity '' , is a glass of milk , for example , put a drop of ink in , before you put sugar , spices , put ice in all can drink , milk was completely dark to put ink become useless junk .	Let black people join the result of "diversity", is a glass of milk, for example, put a drop of ink in, before you put sugar, spices, put ice in all can drink, milk was completely dark to put ink become useless junk.	1
I live in Napervile , and CF < let me know when ya have a date for that get together , I would love to go .	I live in Napervile, and CF < let me know when ya have a date for that get along, I would love to go.	0
If you look on http://www.audiogalaxy.com and type in the name of the artist in Latin characters you can find a lot of songs , especially by the more popular musicians .	If you look at www.audiogalaxy.com and type in the name of the artist in Latin characters you may find a lot of songs, especially by the more popular musicians.	0
Black Student Protesters Beaten By White Students At South African University Rugby Match Okayafrica .	Black student protesters beaten by white students at South African University Rugby Match Okayafrica.	0
Òîïëåññ-äåâóøêè èç ÆÆ ( 35 ôîòî ÍÞ ) - Fishki.Net | Ôèøêèíà Êàðòèíêà	(  )  - .	2
This is a video of a band from the Upper Silesian village of Zebowice ( Zembowitz-Fohrendorf ) , it is the town with the highest percentage of Germans in Poland .	This is a video of a band from the Upper Silesian village of Zebowice (Zembowitz-Fohrendorf), it is the town with the highest percentage of Germans in Poland.	0
Hit first and hit hard .	Hit first, and hit hard.	0
You sound right , but at 5-10 feet in your bedroom ?	You sound right, but at 5-10 feet in your room?	0
All with an ulterior motive , of course ....	All with a further motive, of course.	0
More the reason why I want to home school my kids .	More the reason why I wanted to go home school my kids.	0
Second , I really hope one day you chauvinists try to take our Transylvania from us ! 1330 Posada , ring a bell ? 1467 Baia , ring a bell ? 1599 Selimbar , ring a bell ?	Second, I really hope one day you chauvinists try to take our Transylvania from us! 1330 Posada, ring a bell? 1467 Baia, ring an bell? 1599 Selimbar, ring the bell?	0
Great thread Here is one to do with parking .	Great thread here is one to do with car park.	0
That was me .	That Was Me.	0
All their coworkers are white , NE asian or indian/paki , except one guy worked with a mestizo for a few weeks on a project .	All of their coworkers are white, NE Asian or Indian/paki, except one guy worked with a mestizo for a few weeks on a project.	0
Two black fag 's holding hands .	Two black faces holding hands.	3
This is completely disgusting ... How can we continue to house these people who have complete contempt for us and all our laws and customs ?	This is completely disgusting... How can we continue to house these people who have complete contempt for us, and all our laws and customs?	1
I've recently gotten a recommendation for Peaceful Warrior .	I recently got a recommendation for Peaceful Warriors.	0
I had an Ohhhh lightbulb moment .	I had an Ohhhh lightbulb moment.	0
We do need to stop judging each other and get o line for an hour and go do something `` positive '' in our area.Lets talk solution not petty diferences .	We do need to stop judging each other and get o line for an hour and go to do something ``positive'' in our area.	0
We are so excited about this baby .	We are so thrilled about this baby.	0
16	by 16th	0
When Jimmy snapped the pass to Johnny he dropped the ball , then recovered it on his own 36 yard line .	When Jimmy snapped the pass to Johnny he dropped out the ball, then recovered it on his own 36 yard line.	0
Is there evidence to support/oppose this ?	Is there evidence to back up/oppose this?	0
We have already reached that point ages ago !	We have already reaches that point years ago!	0
Like was posted above blacks are waking up more whites then prowhites .	As was posted above blacks are waking up with more whites than pro-whites.	0
Also some of us on here , like myself , do not believe in the genocide of another race which is what abortion is doing to the Black race as 92 % of abortion clinics are in Black communities , we just do n't believe in race mixing .	Also some of us here, like myself, do not believe in the genocide of another race which is what abortion is doing to the Black race as 92 % of abortions clinics are in Black communities, we just do not do not trust in racial mixing.	1
Dare I say , the Whole world is now looking to Ireland with much pride ....	The whole world is now looking at Ireland with great pride.	0
The Peter Green book is pretty good .	The Peter Green Book is pretty good.	0
Angry sheboon trashes liquor store .	Angry Sheboon Junkes at the Lockers Shop.	1
They love art and high culture .	They love the art and high cultural.	0
HUNGARY IN WW2 : FOR THE JUSTICE !!!	Hungary in WW2: For Justice!!!	0
Here is the Link http://www.geocities.com/switchblade...ftheblood.html	Here is the link http://www.geocities.com/switch blade...ftheblood.html	0
What a fantastic idea !	What an awesome idea!	0
Rüütel , which is here [ in Iceland ] on a public visit with his wife , Indgrid Rüütel , said furthermore tat alot of fear had been of Soviets using military force after their decloration of independance .	Rüütel, who is here [in Iceland] on a public visit with his wife, Indgrid Rüüütell, said furthermore a lot of fear had been of the Soviets using military force after their declaration of independence.	0
That has been proven many times over by the Jew media in the U.S !	This has been proven many times over by the Jews media in the U.S.!	0
I love listening to their stories of how things used to be .	I love listening to their tales of how things used to be.	0
Just got the Gmail account , having trouble getting good results on Google news , where else can I look ?	Just got the Gmail account, having trouble getting good results on Google news, where else can I look?	0
He was a saint apparently hope nothing awful happens to my white brother and sisters in SA , keep safe .	He was a saint apparently hoping nothing awful happens to my white brother and sisters in the SA, keep safe.	0
However they had Slavic names already after two generations showing that they were outnumbered and mixed with the local Slav populations .	However, they had Slavic names already after two generations showing that they are outnumbered and mixed with the local Slavic populations.	0
I do n't watch TV at home at all any more .	I don’t watch TV at home anymore.	0
All new posters are under moderation to start with , but this is lifted fairly quickly .	All new posters are under moderation to begin with, but this is lifted fairly quickly.	0
Don't think you supremacists would ever be able to build up the force of resistance that Irish Republicans did mate .	Don’t think you supremacists would ever be able to build up that resistance force that Irish Republicans did mate.	0
The parents who could n't teach on weekdays could teach on Saturday .	Parents who could not teach on weekdays could teach on Saturdays.	0
Anything ??	anything?	0
I just called her and told her next time to save it and come to me , from there we can go to my attorney and see if there is anything we can do to stir the pot .	I just called her and told her the next time to save it and come to me, from there we can go to my lawyer and see if there is anything we can do to stir the pot.	0
Meanwhile back in their ancestral homelands their races are and will always remain the overwhelming majority .	Meanwhile back in their ancestral homelands, their races are and will always remain the overwhelming majorities.	0
Through numbers alone 200 million whites in this country some of these white kids should be doing wrestling and getting into MMA through wrestling .	Through numbers alone 200 million whites in this country some of these whites should be doing wrestling and getting into MMA through wrestle.	0
Lady Alma-Tadema Dreams .	Lady Alma-tadema dreams is a dream.	0
These `` black people '' have the nerve to call themselves human. . .	These “black people” have the nerve to call themselves human...	1
Nasty..	Naked	0
It will be belated wishes now because I wont get the chance to see Nick until after the new year but I will pass them on .	It will be delayed wishes now because I won’t get the chance to see Nick until after the new year but I’ll pass them on.	0
Would the gentleman kindly tell us , can wogs be Irish ?	Would the gentleman kindly say, can wogs be Irish?	0
It is time we resurrected ( & improve ) this art .	It is time we resurrect (and improve) this art.	0
Besides news and night-time shows .. Its shocking	Besides news and nighttime shows, its shocking	0
Wolves and dogs have been living on this planet for thousands of years because they work together .	Wolves and dogs have been living on the planet for thousands of years because they work together.	0
I guess I would be destined for the gas chambers .	I think I would be destined for gas chambers.	1
Iron sights .	The Iron Sight.	0
London is f' ked .	London is a f’ ked.	0
Thank you for everything ...	Thank You for Everything...	0
i think this was one of the first forums i posted in too. i do n't think it 's a standard by which to judge someone. mike	I think this was one of the first forums I posted in too. i do not think it's a standard by which to judge someone. mike	0
Will you marry me and be my eternal wife in this life and when we enter Valhalla together ?	Will you marry me and be my eternal woman in this life and when we enter Valhalla together?	0
But the best are here , they certainly are n't africans - multiculturalism is the funeral pyre of a society , & those who welcome it are either fools or traitors	But the best are here, they are not Africans – multiculturalism is the funeral pyre of a society, and those who welcome it are either fools or traitors.	0
For a start , the main character has a change of heart .	For a start, the main character has a change in heart.	0
I go to van city at least once a year .	I go to Van Town at least once a year.	0
Are you a Jew ?	Are You a Jew?	0
R1b is the most common haplotypes defining the Europeans	R1b is the most common Haplotype defining Europeans	0
I am sorry but it is the truth .	I am sorry, but that is the truth.	0
Bunch of phonies .	Bunch Of Phonies.	0
Do n't mess with Texas	Don't mess up with Texas	0
I think if there are cases of infected people in your area , then yeah Id take them out of school .	I think if there are cases of infected people in the area, then yes Id take them out of school.	1
We Whites are built for grappling .	We Whites are made for grappling.	0
.457 round ball over an Ox Yoke Wonder Wad , over a 30gr Pyrodex pistol pellet , which is over 5-25 grains by volume of FFFg equivalent 777 ... fired by a #10 Remington Magnum percussion cap .	.457 round ball over an Ox Yoke Wonder Wad, over a 30gr Pyrodex pistol pellet, which is over 5-25 grains by volume of FFFg equivalent to 777... fired by a #10 Remington Magnum percussion cap.	0
Good way to lose weight eat green salads .	A good way to lose weight is to eat green salads.	0
------------------------------------------ John	------------ John	0
I had another picture on here at one point , with my old account , but it must be in the old thread .	I had another picture on here at one point, with my old account, but it must be in the old thread.	0
Hungry Horse July 1st , 2011 February 25th , 2012 March 4th , 2012 - C-Falls	Hungry Horse July 1, 2011 February 25, 2012 March 4, 2012 - C-Falls	0
We are looking to close on the land soon thats all I can say about the location , but I will tell you it will be in the southeast of the USA .	We are looking to close on the land soon that’s all I can say about the location, but I’ll tell you it will be in the southeast of the USA.	0
On a scale of cute babies I 'd say this little man scores a 10 all the way around .	On a scale of cute babies I’d say this little man scores a 10 all the way round.	0
It always turns ugly eventually , and then the thread will be locked .	It always turns ugly eventually, and then the thread will be locked.	0
there's working class and there 's chav. they 're the only ones breeding yet aspire to act like blacks. they needed direction and national service .	There is working class and there’s chav. they’re the only ones breeding yet aspire to act like blacks.	0
Thank you for posting this .	Thanks for posting this.	0
Thank you skingirl	Thanks to Skingirl.	0
Never surrender and fight till the death to defend your country is the most honorable thing every white nationalist should do !	Never surrender and fight until death to defend your country is the most honorable thing every white nationalist should do!	0
This thread is already kind of worthless so here 's a People of Walmart picture !	This thread is already kind of worthless, so here's a People of Walmart picture!	0
Mixed martial arts is generally considered mixing Western and Asian arts together .	Mixed martial arts is generically considered to mix Western and Asian arts together.	0
Mr. Farkel thinks Whites are too stupid to be doctors and if we had an all White society we would have no doctors and no one to pull our teeth out .	Mr. Farkel thinks whites are too stupid to be doctors and if we had a white society we would have no doctors or anyone to pull our teeth out.	0
I plan on posting the above quote after every post until this really funny joke thread is done with .	I plan on posting the above quote after each post until this really funny joke thread is done.	0
Accuracy is compromised .	Accuracy was compromised.	0
This flier makes it easier for everyone to get behind our troops , by moving them out of Iraq , and to a location where they will be performing according to the U.S. Constitution .	This flyer makes it easier for everyone to get behind our troops, by moving them out of Iraq, and to a location where they will be performing according to the U.S. Constitution.	0
Do liberal and feminist parents actually choose colleges for their children based on them ?	Do liberal and feminist parents actually pick colleges for their children based on them?	0
I must admit when I first read it and saw the poster was in Sydney , I was suprised the poster did not pick up the PLE thread in the SFDU section , let alone the threads stickied in this forum .	I must admit when I first read it and saw the poster was in Sydney, I was surprised the poster did not pick up the PLE thread in the SFDU section, let alone the threads stuck in this forum.	0
I knew that I could get them from Army surplus stores .	I knew I could get them from Army Surplus stores.	0
Aye , warriour of Éire . . . whether you would like fadas for Irish Gæilge , e.g. , é , í , ó and the like , or Scottish Gælick , e.g. , ì , ò , è , é , í , à , ù and the like . . . try such , lad : I. Start Menu to All Programs to Accessouries to System Tools to Litrichean ( I canæ re-call of what Litrichean tis called in English for my computer is in Gàidhlig , but tis Script Lettres , Characters or the like , I reckon. )	Aye, warrior of Éire... whether you would like fadas for Irish Gæilge, e.g., é, í, ó and the like, or Scottish Gælick, e.g., ì, ò, è, é, í, à, ù and the similar... try such, lad : I. Start Menu to All Programs to Accessories to System Tools to Litrichean ( I canæ re-call of what Litriachan tis called in English for my computer is in Gàidhlig, but tis Script Lettres, Characters or the like, I reckon).	0
Maybe it would give him a better appreciation for math if he actually applied it to something while he was having fun .	Maybe it would give him a better appreciation for math, if he actually applied it to something while he was having a fun time.	0
Yeah, the map is not the territory .	The map is not the territories.	0
26155 Yes , our languages really are beautiful , at least I think so .	Yes, our languages are really beautiful, at least I think so.	0
saysay.jpg say say with a candle 2.jpg This is my nearly 3 year old cat called Say-Say .	saysay.jpg say say with a candle 2.jpg this is my 3 year old cat called Say-Say.	0
It 's where I discovered so many great people who are fighting for our cause .	It’s where I discovered so many great people that are fighting for our cause.	0
Does anyone have a recommendation ?	Does anyone get a recommendation?	0
I was recently in Zaporojie , Ukraine , which has a famous Cossack enclave , where I had the opportunity to dine at a Cossack restaurant and listen to traditional Cossack music played live .	I was recently in Zaporozhye, Ukraine, which has a famous Cossack enclave, where I had the opportunity to dine at a Cossacks restaurant and listen to traditional Cossak music played live.	0
We knew that report was a lie the entire time .	We knew that the report was a lie all the time.	0
Patience is a virtue you know .	Patience is the virtue you know.	0
London is a dead zone as far as anyone White is concerned , even Hertfordshire where it 's closest to London is turning brown .	London is a dead zone as far as anyone White is concerned, even Hertfordshire where it's closest to London is turning brown.	1
Interesting I have some northern German features and hardly have German DNA .	Interestingly I have some North German features and hardly have German DNA.	0
My children like whites I have no problem with this question But how we can spread your articles out of ours sites because we already know	My kids like white I have no problem with this question but how can we spread your articles out of our sites because we already know	0
A really good teacher or tutor could have implemented BOTH the interest and the subject into problems .	A really good teacher or tutor could have implementing BOTH the interest and the subject into problems.	0
Don't wander around Kingston at night or you may end up tied to a tree with your genitals in a bowl nearby being pounded into mush for voo-doo spells .	Don’t wander around Kingston at night or you may end up tied to a tree with your genitals in an in-close bowl being beaten into mush for voo-doo spells.	1
Yes, it 's really peculiar how every topic in the world is subject to critical analysis and open debate EXCEPT the `` holocaust '' .	Yes, it’s really peculiar how every topic in the world is subject to critical analysis and public debate except the “Holocaust”.	0
I want people to be shocked about `` minority '' takeover , and to react by building community with whites where they were chicken to , before , and to have white kids .	I want people to be shocked about “minority” takeover, and to react by building community with whites where they were chicken to, before, and having white children.	0
Sounds like a smart idea .	Sounds as a smart idea.	0
Just out there looking for my future wife Actually I am just hoping to find some white ladies from canada. give me a shout via e-mail strmfrnt@telusplanet.net or icq @ 27961835	Just out there looking for my future wife Actually I’m just hoping to find some white ladies from canada. give me a shout via email strmfrnt@telusplanet.net or icq @ 27961835	0
Your sons are going to be in love with that land !	Your children will be in love with this land!	0
I had a few problems too but then again I had a few problems with some of us Irish as well , so ca n't complain	I had a few problems too but then again I had some problems with some of us Irish as well, so ca n’t complain	0
The white candidates for sheriff do n't show their picture .	The white candidates for sherif do not show their picture.	0
All I 've see for high power are the single shot ones ,	All I’ve seen for high power are the single shot,	0
Its time for Ireland to cop on and stand up for itself , This whole EU thing is a heap !	It is time for Ireland to cop on and stand up for itself, This whole EU thing is a heap!	0
Their English language means they are drowning in the MLK-esque crap coming out of America .	Their English language means they are drowning in MLK-esque shit coming out of America.	1
Not going to be able to stop for drinks except for the occasional gas station bottled water .	You will not be able to stop for drinks except for the occasional gas station bottled water.	0
I hope people can pass out candy while watching that game .	I hope people can pass on candy while watching that game.	0
Are there any whites left in that craphole or have they all been killed ?	Are there any white people left in that crazy or have they all been killed?	1
PNR by collectivization of industry do you mean the folk who work in say a factory own it themselves or do you mean its owned by the state in the name of all the citizens .	PNR by collectivization of industry do you mean the people who work in say a factory owns it themselves or do you do you say its owned by the state in the name of all the citizens.	0
I see all of your goals being accomplished , especially finding a girl to settle down with .	I see all of your goals being accomplished, especially finding a girl to settle down with.	0
Waiting to buy a new product is almost always a good idea , let someone else experiment .	Waiting to buy a new product is always a good idea, let someone else experiment.	0
These disgusting perverted white men are no different than the white women who have sex with black men just because they have a bigger penis .	These disgusting perverted white men are no different than the White women who have sex with black men just because they have a larger penis.	1
Yeah they are buying a lot of houses around my area to probz so they can house there massive inbred family when they come over to the UK .	Yeah they are buying a lot of houses around my area to probz, so they can house there massive inbred family when they come over to the UK.	1
I've seen that documentary for some time ago , and I suppose that it has been broadcasted in other nordic countries , too .	I have seen that documentary a while ago, and I suppose it has been broadcast in other Nordic countries, too.	0
Just to show all Whites should have one common goal .	Just to show all White should have one common goal.	0
For practice use a .22 LR to learn .	For practice use a.22 LR to learn.	0
Cutback of US aid to Egypt leaves Israel nervous | Fox News	Cutback of US aid to Ukraine leaves Israel nervous Fox News	0
www.natall.com	by www.natal.com	0
The outline for the events for the boys , and their fathers , was interesting .	The outline for the events for the boy, and their fathers, was interesting.	0
It 's amazing how stupid liberals are , even after being nearly murdered for being white Mr. Begley is still a ridiculous * * * * * * -loving fool .	It's amazing how stupid liberals are, even after being murdered for being white Mr. Begley is still a ridiculous * ** * * *-loving fool.	1
Their calling is a world ruled by `` the Chosen '' from Jerusalem .	Their calling is a world ruling by the “Elected” from Jerusalem.	0
All I ask is to PLEASE be careful when responding to threads like this .	All I ask is to please be careful when responding to threads like these.	0
Yeah, but back in the day there were n't that many millions nigs and wetbacks .	Yes, but back in the day there were not that many millions of nigs and wetbacks.	1
FL that 's an old photo of last year .	FL is an old photo from last year.	0
I saw it on friday Thats just about the right impression ( i believe ) one should have about them .	I saw it on Friday That’s just about the right impression (I believe) one should have about them.	0
Whites should not be forced in atheistic view in-kind .	White people should not be forced into atheistic view in kind.	0
Yes I fear that a civil war is our last and only option left in a world ruled by damn antifac 's	Yes, I fear that a civil war is our last and only option left over in a world ruled by damn antifac’s.	0
Than they just sent me another one like a week ago ... it is sitting right in front of me still not filled out .	Than they just sent me another one like a week ago... it’s sitting right in front of me still not filled out.	0
If they do n't find a way to kick out the brown cloud that 's already there the Danish gene pool is lost .	If they don’t find a way to kick out the brown cloud that’s already there the Danish gen pool is lost.	1
I think when they first come into this country they get those type of old cars then after a year or so they move up to brand new cars .	I think when they first come into this country they get those kinds of old cars then after a year or so they move up to brand new car.	0
Yes exactly , as the GREAT was put into GREAT BRITAIN by the likes of these lads and their fathers and forefathers .	Yes exactly, as the Great was put into the UK by the like of these guys and their fathers and ancestors.	0
Hell, if he had been white they would have thrown his ass in jail , suspended him from school , and it would have been all over CNN ABC NBC and CBS .	Hell, if he had been white they would have thrown his ass in jail, suspended him from school, and it would have been all over CNN ABC NBC and CBS.	0
com/watch ? v = kBD6Gm6VoDM Then watch 8 min. Obama at AIPAC @ youtube .	com/watch? v = kBD6Gm6VodDM Then watch 8 min. Obama at AIPAC @ youtube.	0
They never smile .	They are never smiling.	0
Can a mod also change the thread title so it says the 10th ? dont want people showing up 10 days late	Can a mod also change the thread title so it says 10th? don't want people appearing 10 days late	0
Your white skin did .	Your skin did.	0
If you have good grades , do n't get in trouble , are involved in extracurriculars , and otherwise are a good citizen , probably most teachers are n't going to take time out of their day unless your school is REALLY liberal .	If you have good grades, don’t get in trouble, are involved in extracurricular work, and otherwise are a good citizen, probably most teachers are not going to take time out of their day unless your school is REALLY liberal.	0
We need to spread more videos around Haman : WNTube - YouTube the White Nationalist way ...	We need to spread more videos around the world : WNTube - YouTube the White Nationalist way...	0
What say you of Jotunheim ?	What do you think of Jotunheimer?	0
But the camellia idea is great .	The camellia idea was great.	0
Human Remains Found in Abandoned Hospital - YouTube	Man Remains Found in abandoned hospital - YouTube	0
This time , the charges are assault and battery of a high and aggravated nature and strong armed robbery in connection with the assault on Rose Powell. ( more ... )	This time, the charges are assault and battery of a high and aggravated nature and strong armed robberies in connection with the assaults on Rose Powell.	0
It can be read online here : http://www.rastko.org.yu/istorija/te...ell-tesla.htmlandhttp://www.scribd.com/doc/2683312/Pr ... n-Jacob-ONeill	It can be read online here : http://www.rastko.org.yu/istorija/te...ell-tesla.htmlandhttp://www.scribd.com/doc/2683312/Pr... n-Jacob-ONeill	0
I'm taking my College funds and using them to start a self sufficient farm .	I’m taking my College funds and using them for starting a self-sufficient farm.	0
My ancestors who had the good sense and foresight to come and build America .	My ancestors who had the good reason and foresight to come and build America.	0
Okay, that 's good ... maybe they 'll come bursting onto the scene like the parties in Denmark and Norway !	Okay, that’s good... maybe they’ll come bursting onto the scene like the parties in Denmark or Norway!	0
Love looking at old photographs too .	I love looking at old photographers too.	0
Richard Anthony March 2 , 2014 A Storm is Brewing on the Horizon ?	Richard Anthony March 2, 2014 A Storm is Brewing on The Horizon	0
I first shaved my head when I was 12 ( i 'm 19 now ) but I did it because I hate combing my hair .	I first shaved my head when I was 12 (I'm 19 now) but I did it because I hate cutting my hair.	0
I have n't seen music for this floating around but if you have the sheet music for piano I 'd be happy to get to work on a transcription for you if you can send me a pdf or something .	I have not seen music for this floating around but if you have the sheet music for piano I'd be happy to get to work on a transcription for you if you can send me a pdf or something.	0
It is quite farcical actually .	It is quite Farcical actually.	0
Yes, I have seen that so many times .	Yes, I have saw that so many times.	0
They are out of ideas .	They are off ideas.	0
i want to meet a single girl in alberta that has the same ideas as me , and wants to meet a 26 y old guy.if your out there let me know .	I want to meet a single girl in Alabama who has the same ideas as me, and wants to meet an 26 y old guy.if your out there let me know.	0
Click on the audio player at the link below .	Click on the audio Player at the link below.	0
Take one of the scandinavian flags , and change the color from blue and yellow ( Sweden as an example ) and turn it to green and yellow. lol , it might be decent	Take one of the Scandinavian flags, and change the color from blue and yellow (Sweden as an example) and turn it to green and yellow.	0
Want a libtard to support White Nationalism ?	Want a libtards to support White nationalism?	1
Have you ever seen the `` White Priviledge Checklist '' that these people use ?	Have you ever seen the “White Priviledge Checklist” that these people use?	0
None of those videos play .	None Of These Videos Play.	0
We have two things wrong here , Mexcicans in a White homeland and a Pizza company sending a female in harms way .	We have two things wrong here, Mexicans in a White homeland and a Pizza company sending a woman in harmful way.	1
Racism is as old as time itself , and no one ever admired a groid for anything other than cheap dumb labour .	Racism is as old as time itself, and no one ever admired a grout for anything other than cheap stupid labor.	1
Support the Boy Scouts .	Support the boy scouts.	0
Does this fact reflect on her actual essence as a person ( it could ! ) ?	Does this fact reflect on her actual nature as a person (it could!)?	0
I 've been in this scene for 14 years and it 's the same story every town/state I 've ever been to .	I’ve been in this scene for 14 years and it’s the same story every town/state I’m ever been to.	0
My parents are like this .	My parents were like this.	0
That is persecution .	That is Persecution.	0
oddly i would find it worst if she here black , since Negroes are the most inferior and scum bag humanoid race in our planet .	Strangely I would find it worse if she here black, since Negroes are the most inferior and scum bag humanoid race on our planet.	1
Tight as in good pals ?	Strong as in good pales?	0
they played this on fox news today.said she went ape schmidt , no pun intended , because they had no baffrooms.fox news sucks but at least people get a couple seconds of real news ......... secondly , ive never heard of a sheboon before.a new specie , from the chimpout family ?	They played this on fox news today.said she went ape schmidt, no pun intended, because they had no baffrooms.fox news sucks but at least people get a couple seconds of real news.........secondly, ive never heard of a sheboon before.a new species, from the chimpout family?	1
I love my beer ! maybe you were drinking liquor I always get crazy on that so I gave it up and now everything is fine .	I love my beer! maybe you were drinking liquor I always get crazy on that so i gave it up and now everything is fine.	0
This one is within jogging distance : Police Shoot , Kill NY Fugitive In Jax Man Shot Several Times In Hail Of Gunfire POSTED : Friday , February 11 , 2011 JACKSONVILLE , Fla.	This one is within jogging distance : Police Shoot, Kill NY Fugitive In Jax Man Shot Severale Times In Hail Of Gunfire POSTED : Friday, February 11, 2011 JACKSONVILLE, Fla.	0
I meet a lot Chechen 's a few weeks back i was shocked to see how light skinned they were and they had light brown hair and blue eyes and had European facial features .	I met a lot of Chechen’s a few weeks ago I was shocked to see how light skinned they were and they had light brown hair and bluish eyes and had European facial features.	0
Yes true It reminds me of this incident Muslim Extremists Abuse Royal Anglian Troops After Afghanistan Return , Barking - London 2010 - YouTube	Yes true It reminds me of this incident Muslim Extremists Abused Royal Anglian Troops After Afghanistan Return, Barking - London 2010 - YouTube	0
I do think abusive parents are worse than gays one .	I think abusive parents are worse that gay one.	1
Yes he is very sick person with identity crisis who need therapy .	Yes he is a very sick person with identity crisis that needs therapy.	0
Encourage others to report all crimes of Criminal Aliens to this site so that they can get an ongoing tally of the whole blasted scene .	Encourage others to report all crimes of Criminal Aliens to this website so that they can get a ongoing count of the entire blasted scene.	0
Consider yourself ignored .	Consider you ignored.	0
And if Rose Powell has anything to do with it , they 'll stay there for a long time .	And if Rose Powell has anything to do with that, they’ll stay there for a long time.	0
I know somebody who wants to perhaps move to Alberta but is wondering if they have the homo agenda in the schools there .	I know someone who wants to move to Alberta but is wondering if they have the homo agenda at the schools there.	1
Charles Burton Barber .	Charles Burtons Barber.	0
I enjoy Classical music .	I enjoy classical music.	0
Only surreptitious and hidden cameras have worked .	Only surreptitious, hidden cameras have worked.	0
one is one too many , i bet all the white girls and wiggers go crazy for the young coon , whichever school you are in , wigggers outnumber metalheads or `` normal '' whites	One is one too many, I bet all the white girls and wiggers go crazy for the young coon, whatever school you are in, wigggers outnumber metalheads or "normal" whites	1
Wow, maybe next time you should leave your little sister at home especially since you live in a highly non-white populated area .	Wow, maybe next time you should leave your little sister at Home especially since you live in a highly non-white populated area.	1
Men det ser ut som om du er litt usikker m.h.t deg selv når du ' frågar ' om nesen din ..........	Men it looks like if you are a little usikker m.h.t deg deg selv når du 'fraggar' om nesen din..........	2
Because there were already two other threads on it .	Because there were already 2 other threads on it.	0
But there are so many things I want to do and see-I want to live my life to its fullest .	But there are so many things I want to do and to see-I want to live my life to its fullest.	0
I personally think she sounds like a strangled cat .	I personally think she sounds like a strangled cat.	0
It was disturbing to read that the Swedish foreign minister was stabbed today .	It was disturbing to read that the Swiss foreign minister was stabbed today.	0
I would willing risk jail time if it meant I could get my hands on them or anyone who does that to a white child .	I would willingly risk jail time if it meant I could get my hands on it or anyone who does that to a white child.	0
Music Lessons .	Music lessons..	0
Right.	right is.	0
Just an example of Our local economy and employment opportunities here .	Just an example of Our Local Economy and Employment Opportunities here.	0
Let mother nature evolve these people naturally because no amount of money or aid is going to drag these ' things ' into the civilized world where they serve absolutely no purpose .	Let Mother Nature evolve these people naturally because no amount of money or aid is going to drag these “things” into the civilized world where they serve absolutely no purpose.	1
And with that I will bid you all good night .	And with that I’ll bid you all good night.	0
Opening it again for a week ...	Opening it for a week...	0
We'll never give up ... The jews can keep trying opening our borders and sending their third world minions after the European people but WE WILL NEVER CAPITULATE ...	The Jews can continue to try to open our borders and send their third world minions after the European people but WE WILL NEVER HAVE TO REVENT.	1
I saw the clip too .	I saw that clip too.	0
If you do n't mind a silent film The Birth of a Nation is a must see .	If you don’t mind a silent film The Birth of a nation is a must see.	0
I note one of your other posts was worried because of the delay in your posts showing up - don ; ' t worry about it , it 's just that we have to check your stuff while you are new	I note one of your other posts was worried because of the delay in your posts appearing - don't worry about it, it's just that we have to check your stuff while you are new	0
A British school where none of the students have English as their first language ?	A British school where none of students have English as their first language?	0
The essay itself is chock full o ' helpful hints on info distribution .	The essay itself is shock full of helpful hints on info distribution.	0
Thats pretty similar for me .	That’s pretty similar to me.	0
I have n't had enough teachers of different races to compare that .	I have not had enough teachers of different races to compar that.	0
`` Green Eggs and Ham '' a metaphor for succumbing to peer pressure to try marijuana .	“Green Eggs and Ham” a metaphor for succumbing to peer pressure to attempt marijuana.	0
Lions , Tigers , Cheetahs , etc are all cats but they ai n't the same .	Lions, Tigers, Cheetahs, etc. are all cats but they are not the same.	0
There are many whites out there who would become part of the movement , but know nothing of it !	There are many whites out there who would be part of the movement, but know nothing of it!	0
My Gym teacher told a Lebanese kid that was screwing around during class to go back to his own poor ass country if he wants to screw around .	My gym teacher told a Lebanese kid who was screwing around during class to go back to his own poor ass country if it wants to screw around.	0
To learn more , click here : www.jonasridgeway.com/tech2.html www.spiritual.com.au/astral.html www.astralweb.org www.near-death.com/experiences/cayce01.html www.astralvoyage.com/projection/index.html It would be pretty cool for teachers to tell White kids they go out-of-body every night .	To learn more, click here: www.jonasridgeway.com/tech2.html www.spiritual.com.au/astral.html www.astralweb.org www.near-death.com / experiences/cayce01.html www	0
In Dallas	in Dallas	0
Ghosts , Goblins , etc ...	Ghosts, Goblins and so on.	0
Fast food is not for whites .	Fast food is NOT for white people.	0
Please, feel welcome to learn more about the history of the Macedonian Patriotic Organization , its traditional Bulgarian character and the activities this organization provided for the community and its goals and purposes of today .	Please feel welcome to learn more about the history of the Macedonian Patriotic Organization, its traditional Bulgarian character and the activities this organization provided for the community and its goals and purposes of the day.	0
When I look at the Zimbawee 's Mugabe , I think `` Ape '' or `` Gorilla '' .	When I look at the Zimbabwe’s Mugabe, I think “Ape” or “Gorilla”.	1
hey how ya doin , my buddy showed me this place last night and ive been checkin it out , im getting ready to move to alabama later this month if i can get my yahoo to connect ill send ya a message , might half to log into chat thow .	Hey how ya doin, my boyfriend showed me this place last night and ive been checkin it out, im getting ready to move to alabama later this month if I can get my yahoo to connect ill send ya a message, maybe half to log in chat thow.	0
If your kids is interested in anime , by all means BE CAREFUL at the video store .	If your kids are interested in anime, by all means BE CARE at the video store.	0
Strange how the Swedes were once the most peaceful people in the world , then the Jews make them into liberals who wanted to genocide them selves .	Strange how the Swedes were once the most peaceful people in the world, then the Jews make them into liberals who wanted to genocide them themselves.	1
May they always Rest in Peace , my prayers go out to them .	May they always rest in peace, my prayers go out to them.	0
Humans are the only hosts and victims of V. cholerae , a motile , aerobic organism .	Humans are the only hosts and victims of V-cholerae, a motile, aerobic organism.	0
Check out my sig. for more ideas .	Check out my se. for more ideas.	0
It warms my heart to see that apparently there 's more than just one pro-White organization in San Diego area planning activities !	It warms my heart to see that apparently there’s more than just one pro-White organization in San Diego area plan activities!	0
That type of negroes call your kind of brothas , Uncle Tom .	That kind of Negroes call your kind of brothas, Uncle Tom.	0
A teacher at a Baton Rouge elementary school was arrested just two hours into his first day on the job Tuesday .	A teacher at a Baton Rouge elementary school was detained just two hours into his first day on the job Tuesday.	0
I wasnt going to bother with this thread but I am rapidly coming to the conclusion you can , t read we are NOT C18 , we have nothing to do with them ...... look at post #13 for Christ sake	I wasnt going to bother with this thread but I am quickly coming to the conclusion you can, t read we are NOT C18, we have nothing to do with them...... look at post #13 for Christ sake	0
At the link just below , I 've been urging our brothers and sisters in South Africa to run that message or a similar message on that site every month : Malaysians , Venezuelans , Chinese let White House broadcast their agendas	At the link just below, I’ve been urging our brothers and sisters in South Africa to run that message or a similar message on that site every month: Malaysians, Venezuelans, Chinese let the White House broadcast their agendas.	1
Basically just tell them what they want to hear .	Basically just tell him what he wants to hear.	0
David Allen Snyder , age 26 , died on October 18 , 2009 at his residence in Findlay , Ohio R.I.P. David Allen Snyder Obituary at Coldern Crates Funeral Homes The jury took only about four hours Tuesday afternoon and early evening to convict Cornelius Patterson Junior of the October , 2009 murder of 26-year-old David Snyder in a Jennifer Lane apartment complex where both men lived .	David Allen Snyder, 26, died on October 18, 2009 at his residence in Findlay, Ohio R.I.P. David Allen snyder obituary at Coldern Crates Funeral Homes The jury took only about four hours Tuesday afternoon and early evening to convict Cornelius Patterson Junior of October 2009, the murder of 26-year-old David Snyde in a Jennifer Lane apartment complex where both men lived.	0
Our schools are horrible , all they teach is telling kids to be liberal and respect people of all races and take no pride in your own .	Our schools are horrible, all they teach is telling children to be liberal and respect people of all races and take no pride in the own.	0
Homepage < < Go and check out what your homies are up too .	Home > Go and check out what your homes are up too.	0
Paris is a weekly riot fest .	Paris is a Weekly Riot Party.	0
Milwaukee Wisconsin The Third Weekend In July Every Year !	Milwaukee Wisconsin the third weekend in July every year!	0
Im glad to see this board back in action , whew .	I am glad to see this board back into action, whew.	0
Anyone who 's been to Newark knows that it 's pretty much a third world country .	Anyone who has been to Newark knows that it’s pretty much a third world country.	0
They take underwater basket weaving courses and they have no worthwhile skills on account of angry still my favorite comment .	They take underwater basket weaving courses and they have not worthwhile skills due to angry still my favorite comment.	0
I love Steven Seagal films and I love all Nicolas Cage films , Windtalkers and The Sorcerer 's Apprentice included .	I love Steven Seagal movies and I love all Nicolas Cage films, Windtalkers and The Sorcerer's Apprentice included.	0
#WethePeople #RealAmericans	#Wethepeople #RealAmerican	0
Also another film Wheels of Terror has what appears to be post war tanks in its battle scenes .	Also another film Wheels of Terror has what appears to be post war tankers in its battle scenes.	0
Susan	by Susan →	0
This is my home town .. these people are locals and can help you find what you want ...	This is my home town.. these people are local and can help you find what you want...	0
yeah it just jews stealing stuff from other martial arts. dont worry about it unless they try to recruit you for the mossad	Yes it’s just Jews stealing stuff from other martial arts. don’t worry about it unless they try to recruit you for the mossad.	1
It seems anytime issues like this are highligted in the Irish Media immigrants in the long run end up staying in Ireland .	It seems anytime issues like this are highlighted in the Irish Media immigrants in the long run end up remaining in Ireland.	0
Shocking and outrageous , that is what we all should be feeling. jmho b.e.	Shocking and outrageous, that’s what we all should be feeling.	0
I'm curious too but what happened is still wrong in so many ways , no matter the race of the victim .	I’m curious too but what happened is still wrong in so many respects, regardless of the race of the victim.	0
Behind every avatar is an actual person , and we can even meet .	Behind every avatar is a real person, and we can even meet.	0
I have family there .	I’ve got family there.	0
They almost always choose to identify with blacks more than whites .	They almost always choose to identifying with blacks more than whites.	0
Yes they all know , I have felt this way for year more than I can to think about .	Yes they all know, I have felt this way for a year more than I can think of.	0
Look for Don McAlvany 's `` Revolution and Betrayal '' The terrorist-pig was caught red-handed with tens of thousands of grenades and anti-personnel mines .	Look for Don McAlvany's "Revolution and Betrayal" The terrorist-pig was caught red-handed with tens of thousands of grenades and anti-personel mines.	0
I still have one or two hunting knives from when I used to fish and shoot in case of self defence at home .	I still have one or two hunting knives from when I was used to fish and shoot in case of self-defense at home.	0
Join the Nationalist Coalition http://www.ncoal.com	Join the Nationalist Coalitions http://www.ncoal. com	0
haha, definitly not injuns .	haha, definitely not injury.	0
Kimora Lee Simmons	by Kimora Lee Simons	0
i do this and the looks i get out of disgust are regular but i happily carry on walking and laugh them off , they think showing me a few pictures of negro kids on a poster without a burger is going to make me want to give money to them ?	I do this and the looks I get out of disgust are regular but I happily carry on walking and laughing them off, they think showing me a few pictures of negro kids on a poster without a burger is going to make me want to give money to them?	0
hello.	and hello	0
I have been able to become more active than ever because of this site .	I have been able to become even more active than ever because of this website.	0
In case they start grabbing guns .	In case they begin to grab guns.	0
http://www.radioireland.ie/lastword/19112004-17.wmv	http://www.radioireland.ie / lastword /19112004-17.wmv	0
Depending on which part of Scotland you 're going to I might have some bad news for you about the Kaffirs .	Depending on which part of Scotland you’re going to I might have some bad news for you about the kaffirs.	1
I 'm all alone and looking for companionship , where 'd all the good girls go ? send me a pm or email at skin14 _ 88@hotmail.com	I'm all alone and looking for companionship, where'd all the good girls go? send me a pm or email at skin14 _ 88@hotmail.com	0
right on !! i want a lil ' rotweiler , when i het one his/her name will be schatzi !! aww cause it will be my sweetie !!! - val ! ( i love that smiley ! )	right on!! i want a lil'rotweiler, when i het one his/her name will be shatzie!! aww cause it will be my sweetie!!! - val! ( i love that smiley! )	0
Up until then we were part of Europe .	Until then, we were part of the European Union.	0
David Stein/Cole on the Holocaust and historical revision - YouTube	David Stein/Cole on the holocaust and historical revision - Youtube	0
They probably arrest them and throw them in jail so that they will be raped and infected with AIDS .	They probably arrest them and throw them in jail, so that they will be raped and infected with AIDS.	1
It has happened up to the late 90 's with Hong Kong .	It has happened until the late 90s with Hong Kong.	0
They are completely different from us and should not be living within sight of us , go back to Africa and die out .	They are completely different from us and should not be living in sight of us, go back to Africa and die out.	1
Though I might go to trade school to learn some basic carpentry skills .	Although I might go to trade school to learn some basics carpentry skills.	0
We have a good reason for it to but you people want to get in the way of it .	We have a good reason for it, but you people want to get in the way of that.	0
Absolutely.	Absolutely.	0
im new on here and was just wanderin if any ladies are intrested i a good oel southernman from tennessee send me a messege .	I am new on here and was just wanderin if any ladies are intrested I a good oel southernman from tenessee send me a messege.	0
The black churches show all black faces on their billboards .	The black churches show all the black faces on their billbounds.	0
And I would add to that one of the distinctive features of malls are the food courts where we can witness Americans and their eating disorders on display .	And I would add to that one of the distinctive features of malls are food courts where we can witness Americans and their eating disorders on display.	0
I was expecting more location-type questions .	I was expecting a lot more location-type.	0
Queens78322, I am on my way to meet with a few member of National Alliance and I will present your speech to them .	Queens78322, I am on my way to meet with a couple of members of the National Alliance and I will present your speech to them.	0
They 're just making it really expensive on purpose and making a panic .	They’re just making it really expensive on intention and making a panic.	0
Wasn't meaning yo be hard on you or Knightrider1961 .	Wasn't it meant I'm hard on you or Knightrider1961.	0
We have simply had enough .	We simply had enough.	0
As it 's very common among most animal species as well as just females are generally considered to be more necassary if you will .	As it’s very common among most animal species as well as just females are usually considered to be more necassary if you want.	0
Migrants living in fear after racist bomb attack on Poles - Northern Ireland , Local & National - Belfasttelegraph.co.uk They 're threatening to leave , we 're doomed !!!	Migrants living in fear after racist bomb attack on Poles - Northern Ireland, Local & National - Belfasttelegraph.co.uk They're threatening to leave, we're doomed!!!	1
I find that surprising , since Finland after all once conquered Sweden , and ockupied it for several hundred years .	I find that surprising, since Finland after all once conquered Sweden, and occupied it for several hundred years.	0
Twp .	by Tw.	0
Its gone full retard now .	It has gone full delay now.	0
There's so many good choices it 's hard to pick just one all time favorite .	There are so many good choices it's hard to choose just one all time favorite.	0
I was brought up to believe that ladies do not use such language	I was raised to believe that ladies don’t use such language.	0
Zdrowie !	and health!	0
This is your only choice , White man !	This is your choice, white man!	0
The solution is simple .	The Solution is Simple.	0
It seems to me like you along with this post belong on the General Rants forum .	It seems to me like you along with that post belong on the General Rants forum.	0
Funny part was that just when they were singing the only song that was in English , it started to rain and lighting bolt striked into TV antenna that was up just next to the stage - it was blackout for 1 minute and picture came back just when they were finishing that song .	The funny part was that just when they were singing the only song that was in English, it started to rain and lighting bolt struck into the TV antenna that was up just next to the stage – it was blackout for 1 minute and picture came back just when you were finishing that song.	0
Careful man , People on SF do n't like Asians bashing .	Careful man, People on SF don’t like Asians bashing.	0
Like the `` white '' -African ( what the hell is her name ) ..	Like the “white” African (what the hell is her name)..	0
Welcome to Stormfront .	Welcome to the Stormfront.	0
so is tom still rambling on about putting up machine guns in the city centre ? lol and that sites great al making all wn look like terrorists.so tell us all of some of the irms activism so far ?	So is tom still rambling on about putting up machine guns in the city center? lol and that sites great al making all wn look like terrorists.so tell us all of some of the irms aktivism so far?	0
We distribute propaganda , educate people , help whites , employ whites , post online , network , keep our neighborhoods safe , etc ...	We distribute propaganda, educate people, help whites, employ whites, post online, network, keep our neighborhoods safe, etc.	0
I do n't look down on these degrees as much as I used to .	I don’t look down on these degrees as much like I used to.	0
It just goes to show that the IRA are just criminals and not freedom fighters as they claim .	It just goes to show that the IRA are just criminal and not freedom fighters as they claim.	1
i saw it on opp.now i know what your name stands for.congrats you have a nice looking boyfriend.i read opp once and awhile to see if they took my pic off of here yet and put it on there .	I saw it on opp.now I know what your name stands for. congratulations you have a nice looking boyfriend.i read opp once and a while to see if they took my pic off of here yet and put it on there.	0
In the Great War white men fought with heavy weapons .	During the Great War, white men fought with heavy weaponry.	0
I had an Irish boyfriend for 3 years once and he used to laugh about how in ireland you never saw black people .I guess things have changed a lot in 10 odd years	I had an Irish boyfriend for 3 years once and he used to laugh about the way in Ireland you never saw black people.	0
And they learn to socialize with all ages of people when we are out and about going to museums or whatnot .	And they learn to socialize with people of all ages when we are out and about going to museums or what not.	0
Agreed.	Agreeed	0
just wanted to give this a bump up. we have had a few good people coming to our weekly get together and would like to encourage anyone else interested in meeting and networking with us here in Calgary to feel free to pm me .	We have had a few good people coming to our weekly get together and would like to encourage anyone else interested in meeting and network with us here in Calgary to feel free to pm me.	0
I mean seriously , this is farcical .	I mean seriously, this is farcical.	0
I know we have to be polite , but come on , we do n't have to lie ...	I know we have to be polite, but come on, we don’t have to lie...	0
Feel free to point out the intelligence in your claim that Germans have achieved nothing .	Feel free to point out the intelligence of your claim that the Germans have achieved nothing.	0
And still water ends up on the top and oil on the bottom .	And still water ends up at the top and oil at the bottom.	0
Frontline : The Confessions FRONTLINE `` The Confessions '' | Sneak Peek 1 : Recording a Confession | PBS - YouTube FRONTLINE `` The Confessions '' | Sneak Peek 2 : Finding a Lawyer | PBS - YouTube In `` The Confessions , '' FRONTLINE producer Ofra Bikel investigates the conviction of four Navy sailors for the rape and murder of a Norfolk , Va. , woman in 1997 .	Frontline: The Confessions FRONTLINE ``The Confessons '', FRONTline producer Ofra Bikel investigates the conviction of four Navy sailors for the rape and murder of a Norfolk, Va., woman in 1997.	0
I can honestly say that I have minority friends , and would n't hesitate to deal with the harsh reality that they must be deported .	I can honestly say that I have minority friends, and would not hesitate to deal with the harsh reality that they must be deported.	1
Jewish unfortunately .	Jewish for sure.	1
Woodstock is flanked by multicultural hell London and multicultural hell Kitchener , its a hopeless cause .	Woodstock is flanked by multicultural hell London, and multicultural hell Kitchener, its hopeless cause.	0
Jacksonville police said Brian Williams broke into the home on Braddock Road while the family was out of town and baked brownies , drank orange juice , surfed porn websites and loaded up the victim 's car with bottles of liquor .	Jacksonville police said Brian Williams broke into the home on Braddock Road while the family was out of town and baked brownie, drank orange juice, surfed porn websites and loaded the victim’s car with bottles of liquor.	0
Yeah, she 's gonna end up just like the last hoe bag that got involved with the same chimp .	Yeah, she’s gonna end up just like the last hoe bag that gets involved with the same chimp.	1
She could just move to the Christian part of Nigeria where there is no Sharia law .	She could just move to the Christian part Of Nigeria Where There Is No Sharia Law.	0
So how do they pass on their kosher values to their kids , despite sending them to public shools ?	So how do they pass on their kosher values on to their children, despite sending them to public schools?	0
This is the one my neighbors have .	This is what my neighbors have.	0
The Knights Of The Ku Klux Klan Youth Corps Just click on these words in Red !	The Knights of the Ku Klux Klan Youth Corps Just click these words in Red!	0
They will spend 40k plus a year on elementary , middle school , and high school educations all the while crying about poor conditions for non-Whites .	They will spend 40k plus a year on elementary, middle school, and high school education all the while crying about poor conditions for non-whites.	0
Hopefully in a few years you can alter your life style somewhat and hope to be able to bring down your blood pressure naturally .	Hopefully in a few years you can change your lifestyle somewhat and hope to be able to bring down your blood pressure naturalmente.	0
Then why not simply copy this text ( & links ) and paste it into the description box of your YouTube videos ?	So why not simply copy this text ( & links ) and stick it into the description box of your YouTube videos?	0
Their best songs are Rule the World , Grateful Man , and Rahowa .	Their best songs are Rule the world, Grateful Man, and Rahowa.	0
White speech is Hate ....	White speeches are hate.	0
That is correct , White men with guns built America , and it will likely take White men with guns to take it back .	That is correct, White men with guns built America, and it will likely take White men and guns to take it back.	0
I do n't know how true this is , but I 've heard to pick number two for french because they speak better english than picking one for english and getting who knows what pretending to speak English	I don’t know how true this is, but I’ve heard to pick number two for French because they speak better English than picking one for English and getting who knows what pretending to speak English.	0
Hello Everyone on Stormfront Have heard a lot of good things about this forum so I have decided to take the plunge .	Hello everyone on Stormfront Have heard a lot of good things about this forums so I have decided to take the dungeon.	0
14words mikkke14	14 words by mikkke	0
88 Kelly 2056	by Kelly 2055	0
Dresden got to see as well and it was a wonderful thing for her to see .	Dresden had to see too and it was a wonderful thing for her to look at.	0
The comments section for this article is pretty empty right now ...	The comment section for this article is pretty embryo right now...	0
Later I went to get a beer and when I opened the door , yep you guessed it , blood geyser .	Later I went to get a beer and when I open the door, you guessed it, blood geyser.	0
on here look in your state. its important that white women speak about it to white men that are on the edge of being liberals or not lol or brainwashed fruit cakes.you can shock them wake them up or remind them. keep it up do n't get down on yourself. men will do whatever a woman says right lol	It is important that white women talk about it to white men who are on the edge of being liberals or not lol or brainwashed fruit cakes.you can shock them wake them up or remind them. keep it up don't get down on yourself. men will do whatever a woman says right lol	0
I love them to death and would kill anyone that threatened them , but they will be hell when they get older ...	I love them to death and would kill anyone who threatened them, but they will be hell when they get older...	0
And now Sweden 's down against the nig nogs ... well at least it was very close , and they only lost in overtime ...	And now Sweden’s down against the nig nogs... well at least it was very close, and they only lost in overtime...	1
It was good to see proud white British people celebrate our lads , the crowd was all white , i wouldve gone if id known it was happening , the traffic was bad today , ill bet thatll be why proud white British people celebrate 2nd Signal Regiment Malton and Pickering Mercury - `` Throng welcomes soldiers at parade '' 104.7 Minster FM - `` 300 soldiers welcomed home in York '' Darlington and Stockton Times - `` 2 Signal Regiment march through York following return from Afghanistan '' Obviously there was sorrow for Lee Rigby and his family , we are outraged and very angry at what happened to him	It was good to see proud white British people celebrate our lads, the crowd was all white, I would have gone if id knew it was happening, the traffic was bad today, bad bet that will be why proud white Britons celebrate 2nd Signal Regiment Malton and Pickering Mercury - "Throng welcomes soldiers at parade" 104.7 Minster FM - "300 soldiers welcomed home in York" Darlington and Stockton Times - "2 Signal regiment march through York after returning from Afghanistan" Obviously there was sorrow for Lee Rigby and his family, we are outraged and very angry at what happened to him	0
And before you ask : Yes I bite my lips .	And before you ask: Yes I bite my lips.	0
Occasionally I 've accidentally left the window open , and Dr. Pierce lectured to the neighborhood	Occasionally I've accidentally left the window open, and Dr. Pierce lectured to the neighborhood	0
I've seen on the web he is making a new horror film called `` it waits '' but cant find that much about it	I’ve seen on the web he’s making a new horror film called “It Waits” but can’t find that much about it.	0
What does any of that have to do with racial preservation and the resistance to the deliberate and calculated extermination of the White race and the destruction of western civilization which 99 % of the members of this site are concerned with ?	What does any of that have to do with racial preservation and the resistance to the deliberate and calculated extermine of the White race and the destruction of Western civilization which 99% of the members of this site are concerned with?	0
I sat up with my eldest son till 5 am to watch a fight that went 14 secs .	I sat up with my eldest son until 5 am to watch a fight that went 14 sec.	0
Was there actually supposed to be any evidence of Celtic communities in NZ contained on that page ?	Was there actually supposed to be any evidence of celtic communities in NZ contained on that page?	0
If your house door was locked , but at midnight your neighbor opened the door for some muslims to come inside and take your stuff , rape your wife and beat you nearly to death ... would you still think your neighbor was a nice guy ?	If your house door was locked, but at midnight your neighbor opened the door for some Muslims to come inside and take your stuff, rape your wife and beat you to death... would you still think your neighbour was a nice guy?	1
I base this post on the fact that I live a few hundred yards from the house I was born in and have never felt the desire to suck the milk from anything other than an English nipple .	I base this post on the fact that I live a few hundred yards from the house I was birthed in and have never felt the desire to suck the milk from anything other than an English nipple.	0
Brainwashed much ?	Brain washed a lot?	0
That is because Lycurgus has been on moderation forever and should be let off .	That’s because Lycurgus has been on moderation for ever and should be let go.	0
Fedor going down like he did hurt a lot too .	Fedor went down as if he hurt a lot too.	0
If a person 's sexuality is an issue for them only then it should be an issue for us , normal people of either orientation do n't have their sex life at the centre of their attention all the time , a heterosexual deviant is just as much as a problem as a homosexual deviant and there are more straight perverts and psychos around trying to `` infiltrate '' groups than there are homosexuals .	If a person’s sexuality is a problem for them only then it should be a problem to us, normal people of either orientation do not have their sex life at the center of their attention all the time, a heterosexual deviant is just as much a problem as a homosexual devil and there are more straight pervert and psychos around trying to “infiltrate” groups than there are homosexuals.	0
YouTube - Milk The Deadly Poison WATCH THIS !!!	YouTube - Milk The Deadliest Poison watch this!!!	0
The border war moves closer to home : Just another day. . . . : A relaxing evening at home suddenly turns into the pursuit of drug smugglers in my neighborhood My blog. . .	The border war moves closer to home: Just another day... : A relaxing evening at home suddenly turns into the pursuit of drug smugglers at my neighborhood My blog..	0
If you love your Race and want to see it thrive well into the future , You 're a Racist .	If you love your race and want to see it thrive well into the future, you're a Racist.	0
"....she was a Gypsie woman ..... " , i like Black Sabbath but i dont like Gypsies .	“....she was a Gypsy woman.....”, I like Black Sabbath but I don’t like Gypsys.	0
Knowledge and skill trumps gear everytime .	Knowledge and skill trumps gear every time.	0
Do they discharge soldiers from the military if they get STDs or letting them stay and allowing them to put their comrades at risk ?	Do they discharge soldiers from the military if they get STDs, or allowing them to stay and allowing their comrades to be put at risk?	0
There is an active community here - you just need to get off the net to find it .	There is an active community here – you just need to get off the net to locate it.	0
I usually find it handy to connect with people I want to meet etc ie text them or talk on the phone so we can meet in person	I usually find it convenient to connect with people I want to meet etc. ie text them or talk on the phone so we can meet in person.	0
YouTube - Broadcast Yourself .	YouTube – Broadcast Your.	2
you just say blacks hate the cold. the only reason they are good athletes is because when you have to run lions and tigers you get fast or eaten .	The only reason they are good athletes is because when you have to run lions and Tigers you get fast or eaten.	1
I have to go to work now .	I have to work now.	0
Sorry , I just do n't buy it .	Sorry, I just don’t buy it.	0
I want to home school my future children , but I am afraid when they reach adulthood they will have no social skills .	I want to go home school my future children, but I fear when they reach adulthood they will have no social skills.	0
Man accused of triple murder in Hoffman Estates denied bond `` But at 1 : 30 a.m. Friday , Howard allegedly went to the home and a quarrel ensued .	The man accused of triple murder in Hoffman Estates denied bond, but at 1:30 a.m. Friday, Howard allegedly went home and a quarrel followed.	0
Meta you are currently the fittest person I have ever saw on the stormfront site And thats against some pretty stiff competition as well	Meta you are currently the best person I’ve ever seen on the stormfront site and that’s against some pretty tough competition as well.	0
They did n't last a week because of it .	They didn’t last a week because of that.	0
We will see who is getting belted and robbed in sofia then	We’ll see who’s getting belted and robbed in Sofia then	0
Do n't buy into it , just put it on your exams and forget that jew propaganda .	Don’t buy into it, just put it on your exams and forget that Jewish propaganda.	0
Yes and if I were a jewish-supremacist I 'd want it that way , too .	Yes and if I were a Jewish-supremacist I'd want it that way, too.	0
I saw the movie Valkyrie with Tom Cruise in the lead role .	I saw the movie Valkyria with Tom Cruise in the lead role.	0
A good solution is that we make a good famous news program where we can show this kind of things , but that 's nearly impossible ..	A good solution is that we make a good famous news program in which we can show this kind of things, but that’s impossible.	0
I took that post and expanded on it in a new thread because I do n't want to derail the music thread .	I took that post and expanded on it in a new thread because I don’t want to derail the music thread.	0
My big complaint is that it is freaking expensive .	My big complaint is it is frighteningly expensive.	0
Is it a good idea for them to release all these videos ?	Is it a good idea to release all these videos?	0
Let me see if I can find them for you .	Let me see if we can find them for you.	0
I find most people wait to long to react in a physical encounter .	I find most people wait for long to react in a physical enemy.	0
Thank you very much .	Thank You very much.	0
We are looking into building `` mud free zones '' by way of taking over key locations and building a refuge for our racial kindred .	We are looking into building “most mud-free zones” by taking over key locations and building a refuge for our racial relatives.	1
It's not just blacks that fall after a good uppercut or direct to the chin , but these two are well fit for the blacks cause they have weaker chins than whites	It is not only blacks that fall after a good uppercut or direct to the chin, but these two are well fit for the blacks because they have weaker chins than white.	0
And those of you who havent put your logins on there you should .	And those of you who have put your logins on there you should.	0
Apparently our - 50 degree winters are merely a stumbling block on the golden road to all our corn-fed white chicks .	Apparently our -50 degree winters are merely a stumbling block on the golden path to all our corn-fed white chickens.	0
I don`t listen radio at all .	I don’t listen to radio at all.	0
It's going to get bad when this comes out .	It will get bad when this comes out.	0
That, or they were beat-ups in school and now they have badges , guns , and huge chips on their shoulders !	That, or they were beat-ups in school and now they’ve got badges, guns, and huge chips on their shoulders!	0
Your videos are excellent and you 're one of the most enlightened Whites in our struggle .	Your videos are excellent and you’re one of the most enlightened Whites of our struggle.	0
They are of Mediterranean type , it 's normal because of the temperature to have darker pigmentation , than fellow whites from western and northern Europe .	They are of Mediterranean type, it’s normal because of the temperature to have darker pigmentation, than fellow whites from western and northern Europe.	0
So he can show her off like a brand new sparkly jewel etc etc .	So he can show her off like a new sparkly jewel etc.	0
Let 's hope so !	Let us hope so!	0
There are only two outspoken artists - Steve Hofmeyer and Sunette Bridges .	There are only two outspoken artists – Steve Hofmeyer and Sunette Bridges.	0
I mean three or four years older , like 24 or 25 years of age .	I mean three or four years older, like 24 or 25 years old.	0
That doesn`t sound to bad , wait till you see 30 kids , 5 of which are white !	That doesn’t sound bad, wait until you see 30 kids, 5 of which are white!	0
It's been brought to my attention recently that I 've overlooked this one .	It has been brought to my attention recently that I’ve overlooked this one.	0
I 'd love to have her join our homeschool discussions .	I’d love to have her join our home school discussions.	0
i live in the bay area and have no car and barely any money to my name. i want to join the fight. if anyone is going from around here or can get me there , please pm me .	I live in the bay area and have no car and barely any money to my name. i want to participate in the fight. if anyone is going from around here or can get me there, please pm me.	0
I recall another recent story about a senior judge in Germany challenging the Holocaust story .	I recall another recent story about a senior Judge in Germany challenging the Holocaust story.	0
whats up I thought I might put my pic up here I 'm looking for some friends theres too many negroes around here some times I feel like there is' int any white guy left in the world. so message me and let me know there is stll some white brothers out their .	I thought I might put my picture up here I'm looking for some friends there are too many Negroes around here some times I feel like there is" int any white guy left in the world. so message me and let me know there is stll some white brothers out their.	1
https://equity.spps.org/uploads/raci...y_glossary.pdf In another version ( hardcopy , photocopy from a 2009 ) it read power , position , and privilege , and now it reads power , presence , and privilege .	https://equity.spps.org/uploads/raci...y_glossary.pdf In another version (hard copy, photocopy from a 2009) it reads power, position, and privilege, and now it reats power, presence, and privileges.	0
A friend brought a small little finger nail cleaning knife to school , a teacher found out , and he got expelled ...	A friend brought a small finger nail cleaning knife to school, a teacher found out, and he was expelled.	0
I 'm 20 and in Vancouver .	I am 20 and in Vancouvre.	0
YouTube - Detroit : Gang Battle at Funeral	Detroit: Gang Battle at Funeral – Video	0
throw me a message as well folks .	Give me a message, too, people.	0
And Vermont is a uber-liberal stronghold where child molesters are treated better then law-abiding citizens .	And Vermont is an uber-liberal stronghold where child molesters are treating better than law-abiding citizens.	0
White people have guns also .	White people also have guns.	0
May the gods and goddesses watch over you both !	May the gods and the goddesses watch over you two!	0
He just got completely knocked out , should be fine , I 've seen people flop around like a fish many times after being completely knocked out .	He just got completely knocked out, should be fine, I’ve seen people flop around like a fish many times after being completely knock out.	0
Shame on you .	Sham on you.	0
Check out ghost towns .	Check out Ghost Cities.	0
I'm happy for the two of you .	I am happy for you two.	0
I passed through there on a flight and walked through the city , oh God , I thought the plane accidentally landed in Singapore !	I passed through there on a flight and walked through the town, oh God, I thought the plane accidentally landed in Singapore!	0
You could be 500 feet offshore and still only be knee deep in water .	You could be 500 feet offshore, and still only be knee deep in water.	0
looking for proud white female in ohio for friends and maybe more .	looking for proud white woman in the south of the south for friends and maybe more.	0
Spread the link everywhere in public and in internet !	Spread the link everybody in public and on the internet!	0
Thank God for that .	Thank god for that.	0
God Bless	Bliss to God	0
My prayers go out for the grieving families of those who perished ... What a terrible tragedy ... God have mercy on the souls of those who have left this earth .	My prayers go out for the mourning families of those who perished... What a terrible tragedy... God have mercy on the souls of those that have left this earth.	0
How about the hook noses ?	What about the hook nose?	0
I eventually came to the conclusion that jews behave more like a criminal syndicate than any respectable religion .	I eventually came to the conclusion that Jews behave more like a criminal syndicate than any respective religion.	1
I already gave up on Gone With The Wind for the same reason .....	I already gave up on GONE WITH THE WIND for the same reason.	0
I already have most of the above .	I already have the majority of the above.	0
I hate the term black in reference to the Niggardly kind .	I hate the term black in referring to the Niggardly kind.	0
German Knight symbols for my company WarChief - the Academy of Unconventional Warfare .	German Knight symbols for my company WarChiefs - the Academy of Unconventional Warfare.	0
Neanderthals are classified either as a human species or a human subspecies based upon which scientist you 're talking to .	Neanderthals are classified either as a human species or an human subspecies based on which scientist you're talking to.	0
I used to be bikini model skinny .	I used to be a bikini model.	0
I 've seen it happen so many times. : explode	I've seen it happen so many time: explode	0
I guess it is all Jews because that rabbi guy who says we must to serve Jews was a Iraqi Jew .	I guess it’s all Jews because that rabbin guy who says we must serve Jews was an Iraqi Jew.	1
THANKS !	thanks to you!	0
2508	by 2508.	0
Whats the difference between St. Patrcks Day , and Martin Luther King Day ? ........................... On St. Patricks day every body wishes they are Irish .	What is the difference between St. Patricks Day, and Martin Luther King Day?........................................................ On St. Patrick’s Day every body wishes they are Irish.	0
From your one time enemies , and now eternal allies , the English	From your once enemies, and now eternal allies, the English	0
Maybe try out Red Harvest , The Berzerker and Mistress .	Maybe try out Red Harvest, The Berzerker and Mistress.	0
Suspect also linked to 2009 murder rape case ..	Suspect also linked with 2009 murder rape case.	0
They all deserve an ass kicking .	They all deserved a ass kicking.	1
They feel the need to close down a prison full of terroris / people who aided in the killing of our soldiers and scatter them all around the world. ??????????????????	They feel the need to close down a prison full of terrorists/people who helped in the killing of our soldiers and scatter them all over the world.	0
Please save us from ourselves Buzz !	Please save us of ourselves, Buzz!	0
Why would they let blacks live ?	Why would they allow blacks to live?	1
hey i just moved here and dont know anyone yet ... so if anyone lives around here id like meet ya and hang out or something .	Hey I just moved here and don’t know anyone yet...so if anyone lives around here id like meet ya and hang out or anything.	0
The site was down for 2 days but is now online again .	The site was down for two days but is now online again.	0
Very good .	very good	0
I've used FireFox for over a year now .	I have been using Firefox for over a year now.	0
But how does one objectively distinguish a racist white gun owner from a non racist one ?	But how can one objectively distinguish a racist white gun holder from a non-racist one?	0
Bad for home defense , which is a pity , its probably a spectacular manstopper , those soft lead hollow base Foster slugs flatten out quickly .	Bad for home defense, which is a pity, its probably a spectacular manstopper, those soft lead hollow base Foster slugs flatten out quickly.	0
Let's change subject for a while , here is a song from one of my favorite movies in last 10 years , do n't know do you like Bourne ?	Let’s change subject for a while, here’s a song from one of my favorite movies in the last 10 years, don’t you know do you like Bourne?	0
I believe this was posted before but had no sound and the victim 's face was blurred .	I believe this was posted before but had no sound, and the victim’s face was blurred.	0
They have a St. Patrick ' Day free book here .	They have a free St. Patrick's Day book here.	0
Thank you !	thank you!	0
You will get my unreserved and total support !	You will get my unconditional and complete support!	0
It went through the history of all Dracula movies and the real life Dracula !	It went through the history of all Dacula movies and the real life Dracula!	0
If so , email me or PM me .	If so, email me or PM.	0
This is the same race that thinks raping babies cures AIDS .	This is the same race that thought raping babies cured AIDS.	1
Helll , last time I looked wetbacks were streaming across like it was free greencard day .	Helll, last time I watched wetbacks were streaming over like it was free green card day.	0
No, I hope the negro is not all right , ever .	No, I hope the Negro is not all right, ever.	1
It would be great if we could get every last white out of there so no one would be there to fix things .	It would be great if we could get every last white off there so no one would be there to fix things.	1
I was also wondering if any of you all believe if any `` subrace '' is superior to another ?	I was also wondering if any of you all believe that any “subrace” is superior to another?	0
im with you here I see it day in day out like everyone else its easy to sit back and watch but together we are strong and its good to be with like minded people	I see it day by day like everyone else it's easy to sit back and watch but together we are strong and it' s good to be with like-minded people	0
There is no honor in a street fight .	There is no honour in a street fight.	0
I have a .40 sub compact and a .40 XDM .	I have a.40 subcompact and a.30 XDM.	0
Along with John Bardeen and Walter Houser Brattain , Shockley co-invented the transistor , for which all three were awarded the 1956 Nobel Prize in Physics .	Together with John Bardeen and Walter Houser Brattain, Shockley co-invented the transistor, for which all three were awarded the 1956 Nobel Prize in Physics.	0
The Armenian DNA R1b -- 32 % I -- 38 % R1a --- 6 % J --- 6 % Source : Authors : Michael E. Weale Levon Yepiskoposyan Rolf F. Jager Nelli Hovhannisyan Armine Khudoyan Oliver Burbage-Hall Neil Bradman , Mark G. Thomas Title : Armenian Y chromosome haplotypes reveal strong regional structure within a single ethno-national group Hum Genet ( 2001 ) 109 : 659 674 DOI 10.1007/s00439-001-0627-9 Received : 14 September 2001 / Accepted : 14 September 2001 / Published online : 30 October 2001 ORIGINAL INVESTIGATION M.E. Weale ( ✉ ) R.F. Jager O. Burbage-Hall N. Bradman M.G. Thomas Centre for Genetic Anthropology , Departments of Biology and Anthropology , University College London , University of London , Darwin Bdg , Gower St , London WC1E 6BT , UK e-mail : m.weale@ucl.ac.uk , Tel. : + 44-207-4043040 , Fax : + 44-207-4042081 L. Yepiskoposyan N. Hovhannisyan A. Khudoyan Institute of Man , Yerevan , Armenia R.F. Jager Faculteit Biologie , Vrije Universiteit Amsterdam , Amsterdam , The Netherlands http://www.ucl.ac.uk/tcga/tcgapdf/We ... 01-Armenia.pdf Table 1 Y chromosome haplogroup frequencies in six Armenian regions ( determined by paternal grandparental birthplace ) and eight comparative data sets Extract Ararat North Syunik K bakh Iranian West Turkey .	The Armenian DNA regions R1b -- 32 % data I -- 38 % R1a --- 6 % J --- 6% Source : Authors : Michael E. Weale Levon Yepiskoposyan Rolf F. Jager Nelli Hovhannisyan Armine Khudoyan Oliver Burbage-Hall Neil Bradman, Mark G. Thomas Title : 30 October 2001 ORIGINAL INVESTATION Y chromosome haplotypes reveal strong regional structure within a single ethno-national group Hum Genet ( 2001 ) 109 : 659 674 DOI 10.1007/s00439-001-0627-9 Received : 14 September 2001 / Accepted : 14 Sept 2001 / Published online : 30 Oct 2001 ORINAL Inquiry M.E. Wealese (    ) R.F. Jagers Extra Burbages-Hal N. Bradman M.G. Do, Thomas Centre for Genetic Anthropology, Departments of Biology and Anthropological, University College London, Irwin Mangyan University, Turwin Khgyan, Grand Arga Gacanian, Fax of R.E/AP, WC/444 Amsterdam, Armenian Ch., the Arm. +301-FLC. e. eclat-Rollet.	0
So then what caused the booms and busts BEFORE the FED was put into place and we had a bimetallic based money ?	So then what caused the booms and busts BEFORE The FED was put in place and we had a bimetallic based money?	0
Black is a color but the Negroids more than not resemble a walking pile of feces with arms and legs ... they even stink !	Black is a color but the Negroids more than not resemble a walking pile of stools with arms and legs... they even stink!	1
Such is the sign of our time ...	This is the sign of the time...	0
But that is why I belong and support Stormfront .	But that’s why I belong and support the Stormfront.	0
I bought a revolver at an auction , the barrel was dirty especially near the forcing cone area .	I bought a revolver at an auction, the barrel was dirty especially near the forcing cone zone.	0
I wonder why the Irish media are so obsessed with this site .	I wonder why the Irish media is so obsessed with this site.	0
What I mean is that they overall were able to take all of it back as well as keep those colonies longer than the Italians .	What I mean is that they overall were able to take all of that back as well as keep those colonies longer than the Italians.	0
It was also the only day I wanted to do that .	It was also the only time I wanted to do that.	0
They get some of the same white guilt trip from the private schools .	They get some of the same White Guilt Trip from the private schools.	0
The peepers are getting old ...	The peeppers are getting old...	0
Now sit back down by the radio with your mug of tea and wait for your favourite BBC radio shows to come on and forget all about the truth .	Now sit back down at the radio with your cup of tea and wait for your favorite BBC radio shows to come on and forget all about the truth.	0
Christ did not promote any violence , however mohammed ordered to kill the non believers , which includes us christians and pagans on Stormfront .	Christ did not promote any violence, however Muhammad ordered to kill the non-believers, which includes us Christians and pagans on Stormfront.	0
Angry Aryans is probably my fav band .	Angry Aryans are probably my fav band.	0
I wonder when it will end , and when people will have had enough as well .	I wonder when it will end, and when people will have had enough too.	0
I 'm about two hours outside of Chicago , so we get all the blacks with their thug attitudes in our town .	I’m about two hours outside of Chicago, so we get all the blacks with their thug attitudes in our town.	0
Being a racialist means you stop trying to hurt other White nations for the sole selfish interest of your own nation .	Being a racist means you stop trying to hurt other white nations for the sole selfish interest of your own nation.	0
NOW .	Now is... 🙂	0
did Hitler not have a policy that only those with blue eyes would have lived ? brown hair was acceptable , only with blue eyes .	Did not Hitler have a policy that only those with blue eyes would have lived? brown hair was acceptable, only with blue eye.	0
i cant wait , i 've been wanting something to say to these wiggers , but i can never find the right words .	I can't wait, I've been wanting something to say to these wiggers, but I can never find the right words.	0
It is like they would bleach their hair blonde and bleach their skin `` White '' , speak English , etc but still they would torment others with their Black characteristics .	It is like they would whiten their hair blonde and whiten the skin “White”, speak English, etc. but still they would torture others with their Black characteristics.	1
Agent Bulldog ( Sweden ) - Oi !	Agent Bulldog – Sweden	0
We plan on holding a family camping/fun weekend in the summer once the weather has ( I hope ! ) improved .	We plan on holding a family camping/fun weekend in summer once the weather has (I hope!) improved.	0
What A Busy Week of Media Work Getting Out the Story of Canada Customs Thought Police and Harassment * CAFE You Tube -- Paul Fromm on censorship in Canada - YouTube * Co-host STORMFRONT Radio ( twice ) * Co-host THE TRUMP PHENOMENON ( twice on Republic Broadcasting * Interviewed on Jamie Kelso 's THE AMERICAN FREEDOM PARTY SHOW * RED ICE RADIO ( discussing the Arthur Topham `` hate law '' trial -- http://www.redicecreations.com/radio ... RIR-160210.php * The Brandon Martinez Show -- https : //youtu.be/wKF8Ekh3Rqk * One hour interview on VOTERS ' ECHO television show -- Voters Echo - Paul Frommâ s take on freedom of speech and the Charter of Rights ! 09 February 2016 - YouTube * And , of course , on my nightly radio show on whiteresistanceradio.com	What A Busy Week of Media Work Getting Out the Story of Canada Customs Thought Police and Harassment * CAFE You Tube -- Paul Fromm on censorship in Canada -- YouTube * Co-host STORMFRONT Radio (two times) * Co‐host THE TRUMP PHENOMENON (twelve times on Republic Broadcasting * Interviewed on Jamie Kelso's THE AMERICAN FREEDOM PARTY SHOW * RED ICE RADIO ( discussing the Arthur Topham `` hate law '' trial -- http://www.redicecreations.com/radio... RIR-160210.php * The Brandon Martinez Show -- https : //youtube/wwKF8Ekh3Rqk * One hour interview on VOTERS' ECHO television show -- Voters Echo - Paul Fromme s take on freedom of speech and the Charter of Rights! 09 February 2016 - YouTube, of course, on my night on radio shows whiter-radio.com	0
http://www.youtube.com/watch ? feature ... v = TrLWaksmkhA# !	http://www.youtube.com/watch? function... v = TrLWaksmkhA#!	0
How do I explain this garbage to my son ?	How do I explain this rubbish to my son?	0
NPD demonstration in Hamburg : 35 attendants .	NPD demonstration at Hamburg: 35 attendants.	0
I'm in a Canadian city of about 30,000 .	I am in a Canadian city of around 30,000.	0
This is bull * * * * !	This is bully!	0
http://www.nationalvanguard.org/story.php ? id = 4191	http://www.nationalvanguard.com/story.php? id = 4191	0
Is it out of fear ?	Is it from fear?	0
123 - BG 456 - MK 78 - BG 910 - MK 6 errors from 10 , as you see is same like before , average answares are 5 / 5 , 1 less or more do n't change it .	123 - BG 456 - MK 78 - Bg 910 - MK 6 errors from 10, as you see is the same as before, average answers are 5 / 5, 1 less or more do not change it.	0
Please notice as well there are none of those racist intolerant vile white people hanging about causing trouble , they were forced out long ago !	Please note as well there are none of those racist intolerant vile white people hang on causing trouble, they were forced out long ago!	0
Liberals go on about diversity and how we all need it , but they have no problem with two completely different types of people blending together and being the same .	Liberals go on about diversity and how we all need it, but they have no problem with two completely different types of people blending together and being same.	0
Good luck on the magneto-hyperdrive .	Good luck on the magnetosphere.	0
New Supreme Court Justice Lord Dyson JC Article .	The Supreme Court Justice Lord DYSON JC.	0
Explain to them this is wrong. send mass emails explaining the science behind it , and tell everyone not to breed with them .	Explain to them this is wrong, send mass emails explaining the science behind it, and tell everyone not to breed with them.	1
It's a great book but I doubt you can find it in English on the Inet .	It’s a great book but I doubt you can find the book in English on the Inet.	0
I 'm in Birmingham , myself and even the nicer suburban area where I 'm from is getting darker and darker .	I’m in Birmingham, myself and even the nicer suburban area where I’re from is getting darker and darker.	1
Hiring someone from this website should ensure we do n't hire undesirables .	Hiring someone from this website should ensure that we do not hire undesirable people.	1
Jeremy Moore was shot and killed at an Oklahoma City apartment complex while delivery a pizza back in November 2008 .	Jeremy Moore was shot and killed in an Oklahoma City apartment complex while delivering a pizza back in November 2008.	0
You could try looking at the National socialist and Fascist Resource Centre at http://www.ufc.co.uk They cover a whole range of educational material .	You could try looking at the National Socialist and Fascist Resource Centre at http://www.ufc.co.uka They cover a whole range of educational material.	0
Oh so we cannot post on this subject because at this moment in time we are not in the same AREA as you .... WHATEVER So I will wait maybe untill next spring when I go to LODZ And JP should wait untill he starts school this winter in Bratislava THEN can we post ?? ......... PLEASE SIR	Oh so we can’t post on this topic because at this moment in time we are not in the same AREA as you.... WHATEVER So I’ll wait maybe until next spring when I go to LODZ And JP should wait until he starts school this winter in Bratislava THEN can we post??......... please SIR	0
DRM Radio will be broadcasting it 's second show , live this coming Thursday the 23rd Dec , 8pm to 10pm on http://drmradio.ubroadcast.com/ Listeners to the show are welcome to send us material they would like to have read on-air during any of our live broadcasts .	DRM Radio will be broadcasting its second show, live this coming Thursday the 23rd December, 8pm to 10pm on http://drmradio.ubroadcast.com/ Listeners to the show are welcome to send us material they would like to have been reading on air during any of our live broadcasts.	0
Do n't get me wrong , it is a nice platform .	Don’t get me wrong, it’s a nice platform.	0
There was an article in Sunday 's New York Post , about some Jew Fag that was stalking a famous fag `` Anderson Cooper '' .	There was an article in Sunday’s New York Post, about some Jew Fag who was pursuing a famous fag “Anderson Cooper”.	0
I saw a few video tests of them somewhere ........	I saw a few videos of them somewhere.	0
I live around western new york and i cannot stand the puerto ricans in my school .	I live around western New York and I can’t stand the puerto ricans in my school.	0
you want to help your race ?	Do you want to assist your race?	0
Apes even have the instinct to basically leave these for dead .	Apes even have the instinction to basically leave these for dead.	1
Just wanted to give this another bump and call out to anymore people in the Calgary area that are interested in meeting up , please feel free to message me .	Just wanted to give this another blow and call out to no more people in the Calgary area who are interested in meeting up, please feel free to message me.	0
Watch the video the New York Times did n't Want You to See - YouTube	Watch the video the New York Times didn’t want you to see – YouTube	0
You got good friends kid and let me tell ya , good friends are hard to come by .	You got good friends kid and let me say ya, good friends are hard to come by.	0
Lisa 's grandpa won it in a department poker game back in the 30s .	Lisa’s grandfather won it in a department poker game back into the 30s.	0
Maybe they will be resettled deliberately as refugees or maybe they will come for the women like the chinese men are doing .	Maybe they will be resettled deliberately as refugeed or maybe they will come for the women like the Chinese men are doing.	1
My daughter just got Journey to Center of the Earth today from our stockpile of books .	My daughter just got Journey to Center of Earth today from our stock of books.	0
Besides Metallica 's new album , I have n't bought a mainstream album in like a year .	Besides Metallica’s new album, I haven’t bought a mainstream album in as much as a year.	0
The older I get `` in my mid 40s now '' the more I appreciate straight forward simple language that gets to the point .	The older I get “in my mid 40s now” the more I appreciate straight forward simple language that gets to the point.	0
To be honest .. it frightens the living hell outta me .	To be honest... it scares the living hell out of me.	0
Here are some sites that I find to have reasonably reliable information on current events , and other topics .	Here are some sites that I find to have reasonable reliable information on current events, and other topics.	0
My boyfriend needs to watch this video ... I 've gotten fed up before and told him to turn the damn thing off and put on some music , look at things on the internet , or go somewhere out of the house .	My boyfriend needs to watch this video...I’ve gotten tired before and told him to turn the damn thing off and put on some music, look at things on the internet, or go somewhere out of the house.	0
I have lived in Mexico for 16 years and yes , it was too hard being surrounded by so many brownies ( mestizos and indigenous ) .	I have lived in Mexico for 16 years and yes, it was too hard to be surrounded by so many brownies (mestizos and indigenous).	1
Is it possible that we developed an alcohol tolerance as a way to conquer other tribes ?	Is it possible that we developed an alcohol toleration as a way to conquer other tribes?	0
Over at Free Republic in a thread about this , someone said about two days ago that youtube was blocking people from commenting on tbe video but many had found a way around youtubes block to post .	Over at Free Republic in a thread about this, someone said about two days ago that youtube was blocking people from commenting on tbe video but many have found a way around youtubes block to post.	0
sounds just like leicester mate ... still what about our porr comrades that live in brighton , when there look out there window , there see the sight of 50 thousand queers there all strtting there * * * * on the street	sounds just like leicester mate... still what about our porn comrades who live in brighton, when there look out there window, there see the sight of 50 thousand queers there all strtting there * * * on the street	1
Bighorn - YouTube First Run in Whitefish - Montana - Skifahren in den Rockies mit skiStern.de - Skireisen und mehr ...	Bighorn - YouTube First Run in Whitefish - Montana - Skifahrten in den Rockies mit skiStern.de - Skireisen und mehr... - Skiing in the Rockies	0
I was very inspired by Moran 's writing .	I was very inspired from Moran’s writing.	0
the school board is completely blinded to the events that go on with their schools ... i contacted them about the boy with the knife n they were never even informed of the situation nor were the authorities called , eventhough that is what the school policy requires in such situations ...	The school board is completely blinded to the events that go on with their schools...I contacted them about the boy with the knife, they were never even informed of the situation nor were the authorities called, if that is what the school policy requires in such situations...	0
This is such a stupid question as you are not born poor or rich but if it came down to it obviously white and `` poor '' .	This is such a stupid question as you are not born poor or wealthy but if it came down to it obviously white and “poor”.	0
Negro rainforest `` music ''.	Black rainforest – “Music”	0
No one else is going to bother telling this story .	No one else will bother telling this story.	0
what sense does it make to have hispanics securing the border. were do you think their loyalties are. with native americans. so let 's support motivated wn s with a good record in becoming border patrol agents .	What sense does it make to have Hispanics securing the border. were do you think their loyalty is. with native Americans. so let's support motivated wn s with a good record in becoming border patrol agents.	0
Sometimes I wonder if it is Because Whites are so much smarter that they find it harder to run together , as opposed to , independently .	Sometimes I wonder if it is Because White are so much smarter that they find it harder to run together, as opposed to, independently.	1
He live on forums all day because he have no job .	He lives on forums all day because there is no job.	0
January 29th , 2012 - Whitefish Amtrak Station in winter .	January 29, 2012 - Whitefish Amtrak station in winter.	0
Yeah I downloaded them all just in case , have to wait until the all-in-one video gets posted again , seems the hews and their companies got to YT as usual and took it down ..	Yeah I downloaded them all just in case, have to wait until the all-in-one video gets posted again, seems the hews and their companies got to YT as usual and took it down..	0
I actually celebrate Black History Month .	I actually celebrated Black History Month.	0
I am of German and British descent ( 75 % German , 25 % British , approx. )	I am of German and British descent (75% German, 25% British, approx. )	0
I would like to say a very big welcome to all our new members I have not been around of late but hopefully I will be back here on a more regular basis .	I would like to say a very big welcome to all our new members I have not gone around late but hopefully I will be back here on a more regular basis.	0
No .	not to... 🙂	0
What the Hell did Sweden ever do to anyone to deserve this kind of treatment ?	What hell has Sweden ever done to anyone to deserve this kind of treat?	3
The person who does that will also make history in his or her field .	The person who does that will make history in his or her field.	0
So I guess you 'll just have to go to the Canadian Prime Minister and ask him to declare you Emperor and step down , or something ?	So I guess you’ll just have to go to the Canadian Prime Minister and ask him to declariate you Emperor and step down, or something?	0
CRIPPPINNN !!!!	The Cricket!!	0
MY best mate has this problem and it makes me sad its like he is scared but i cant do anything the more i go on with it the more he gets sick of it.So i think dont force it on them that may turn them away however hard it is to sit there and listen to them say `` i dont care ''	MY best mate has this problem and it makes me sad its like he is scared but I cant do anything the more I go on with it the more he gets sick of it.So I think don’t force it on them that may turn them away no matter how hard it is to sit there and listen to them say “I don’ts care.”	0
Look for my thread ( Oh no !	Look for my Thread (Oh No!	0
We are not fighting against white immigrants though many British are getting angry at them taking their jobs etc .	We are not fighting against white immigrants although many British are getting angry at them taking their jobs etc.	0
they need to feel it on their skin , so next time they wont give my land to the some subhuman muslim dogs .	They need to feel it on their skin, so the next time they won’t give my land to some subhuman Muslim dogs.	1
Whites are supposed to ignore this ?	Should white people ignore this?	0
Nowadays, your ebony specimen chooses to sit at the back of the bus , so they can get up to all manner of mischief !	Nowadays, your ebony specimen chooses to sit at the rear of the bus, so they can get up to all kinds of mischief!	1
Perhaps get out and put up some BNP stickers .	Maybe get out and put up some BJP stickers.	0
Who knows , maybe what has reached the ears of the majority is just deliberate disinformation designed to create confusion , while their real agenda remains safely concealed .	Who knows, maybe what has reached the ears of the majority is just deliberate disinformation designed for creating confusion, while their real agenda remains safely hidden.	0
Id say move out west were ever either B.C or Alberta all white people in Canada need to move out west so we can take the west back .	Id say moving out west were ever either B.C or Alberta all white people in Canada needed to move out west so we can take the west back.	0
I'm too old ( 38 ) , but I live in Tucson .	I am too old (38), but I live in Tucson.	0
white nationalists in america need to get over the idea that conservatives or republicans are on our side. only we are on our side .	White nationalists in America need to get over the idea that conservatives or republicans are on our sides.	0
It wasnt really that dangerous perse , just stinky , and dumb , with the poor 5 % white kids the outcasts , which made some of them hooligans and crazy .	It was really that dangerous persian, just stinky, and dumb, with the poor 5% white kids the outcasts, which made some of them hooligans and crazy.	1
Quick!	and quick! 🙂	0
The gay issue is practically non-existent in Romania , even though the local gay NGO organizes a yearly `` pride parade '' in Bucharest .	The gay issue is virtually non-existent in Romania, even though the local gay NGO organizes an annual “pride parade” in Bucharest.	0
Thanks for the tip // lila	Thanks for your tip // lila.	0
What if Johnny wants to be the quarterback on the football team ?	What if Johnny wants to be quarterback on the football team?	0
I think Whites should home school their children if at all possible .	I think white should home school their children if at least possible.	0
I want more data but this is a good start ... You 've made me wish I had n't been such a TV-phobe these last few years Next stop , I 'll be looking up all these characters and adding photos in case there are other cave dwellers like me on this thread ...	I want more data but this is a good start...You’ve made me wish I hadn’t been such a TV-phobe these last few years Next stop, I’ll be looking up all these characters and adding photos in case there are other cave dwellers like me on this thread...	0
Thanks !	thanks to! 🙂	0
Hey, I live in Illinois not too far from you. i 'm always trying to find new friends and people to hang out with , some email me sometime	Hey, I live in New York not too far from you. i'm always trying to find new friends and people to hang out with, some email me someday	0
It 's 93 right now here , but 81 there .	It’s 93 right now here, but 81 there.	0
I am not a skin , and I wore a suit at the rally .	I am not a skin, and I wore a suit at the Rally.	0
Stop race mixing and discourage those who practice it .	Stop mixing races and discourage those who practise it.	1
Get both concealable level II armor for mild civil unrest scenarios , and heavy level IV armor for SHTF !	Get both hidden level II armor for mild civil unrest scenarios, and heavy level IV armor to SHTF!	0
well sounds like were looking for the same thing ( but i have no idea if this is actually going to you !!! lol )	Well sounds like were looking for the same thing (but I have no idea if this is actually going to you!!! lol)	0
What the ...	what the...	0
At this point I will assume the media is lying about everything other than a Negro being arrested for his murder .	At this point I will assume the media is lying on everything other than a Negro being arrested for his murder.	1
new to the hole scene 20/m from connecticut make sure you find the real people and not the hole fake wp people	New to the hole scene 20/m from Connecticut make sure you find the real people and not the hule fake wp people	0
What was the condition of the White Western World the day before Hitler 's stupid war and what is the condition today ?	What was the condition of the White Western World the day prior to Hitler’s stupid war and what is the condition today?	0
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fRh48AdAS1A RACIST HATE CRIME - YouTube What to Do About Racist Behaviour ?	https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fRh48AdAS1a RACIST HATE CRIME - YouTube What to Do About Racist Behaviour? - YouTube	0
And there you have it .	And there, you have it.	0
Share and prepare !	Share And Prepare!	0
So Toronto Police are investigating a `` racist '' `` alt-right '' poster found on a telephone poll near a school .	So Toronto Police are investigating a “racist” “alt-right” poster found on a telephone poll near a school.	0
If I would be in your possition I would give better marks to white children in your school and later that they could get to better universitys .	If I were in your possession I would give better scores to white children in your school and later that they could get to better universities.	0
The future is ours , as long as we do not sit by and wait to be overrun by the subhumans .	The future is ours, as long as we do not sit by and wait to be overshadowed by the subhumans.	1
If so , why ?	If yes, why? →	0
1911 Colt Single Action Army ( A.K.A. Peacemaker ) F & N Five seveN PSG-1 I could go on all day , but I just listed a few off the top of my head	1911 Colt Single Action Army (A.K.A. Peacemaker) F & N Five seveN PSG-1 I could go on all day, but I just listed a few off the top of my head	0
They 're so close that many believe we interbred , you ca n't interbreed with a chimp .	They’re so close that many believe we’re interbred, you can’t interbreed with a chimp.	1
The school was Morningside Elementary School in Port St. Lucie , Florida. black teacher has kindergarten class vote out White boy What happened to this boy was child abuse .	The school was Morningside Elementary School in Port St. Lucie, Florida. black teacher has kindergarten class vote out white boy What happened to this boy was child abuse.	0
Finding ourselves having to live here in annexed Aztlan is all the more reason to band together .	Finding ourselves having to live here in annected Aztlan is all the more reason to band together.	0
My french teacher at school found one way to get us boys to concentrate , put a french woman with big boobs in front of us .	My French teacher at school found one way to get us boys to concentrate, put a French woman with big boobs in front of us.	0
Understood , SF Bulgaria ???	Understand, SF Bulgaria??? →	0
Edit: alright , I did it ...	Edit: Okay, I did it	0
Stupid White Man makes vacation get away in living room .	Stupid White Man Makes Vacation Get Away in the Living Room	0
I tried to find this crappy commercial on YouTube when it first came out so I could post it here .	I tried to find this crappy advertisement on YouTube when it first came out so I could post this here.	0
I would say not !	I’d say no!	0
Man Accused of Murder Back in Court - WETM 18 Online Erin Jade Smith Obituary : View Erin Smith 's Obituary by Star-Gazette * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * Assumed Deceased : Danielle Brown--FL--02/05/2010	Man Accused of Murder Back in Court - WETM 18 Online Erin Jade Smith Obituary : View Erin Smith's Obituario by Star-Gazette * * ** * *	0
I will say I love God as much as I like .	I will say I love god as much as I like.	0
That 's my kinda place	That's My Kinda Place	0
I used to live near a school that was 100 % Black with Black children living in all Black homes in a nearly all Black neighbourhood .	I used to live near a school that was 100% Black with Black children living in all Black homes in a all Black district.	0
It may have had something to do with me still working on it , so I entered your vote through the moderator 's edit option .	It may have had something to do with me still working on it, so I entered your vote through the moderator’s edit option.	0
does anyone know if this school was bought or was started as a school for white kids bc if so i would move my family to kansas asap just so my kids could go to a white school ..	Does anyone know if this school was bought or was started as a school for white kids bc if so I would move my family to Kansas asap just so my kids could go to a white school..	0
It is amazing that you can create an extremely sexist idea and assume that your idea is just sexist enough to be not be called on its sexism by feminists .	It’s amazing that you can create an extremely sexist idea and assume that your idea is just enough sexist not to be called on its sexism by feminists.	0
It might get the sender , however , on a list of potential troublemakers to watch .	It could get the sender, however, on a list of potential troublemakers to look at.	0
I have always thought Ireland to be the last all white country left .	I always thought Ireland would be the last all-white country left.	0
Great work Mjodr .	Great work by Mjodrd.	0
I believe his dog would like to get as far away from him as possible !	I think his dog would like to get as far from him as possible!	0
It is a money making scam , that is why it is pushed .	It is a money making scam, that’s why it’s pushed.	0
I think a lot of black males become conceited by this .	I think a lot of black men become conceived by this.	0
Let them , their families and anyone who knows or like them have their children burn in front of them and watch their flesh melt off of their bodies .	Let them, their families and anyone who knows or likes them have their children burned in front of them and watch their flesh melt off of their bodies.	0
Hope he 'll stop all the foreign aid and fund the military more .	Hopefully he will stop all foreign aid and fund the military more.	0
It 's * * * * in ' deadly !	It’s * * * in ‘deadly!	0
Certain cultural practices just tell you volumes about a people , do n't they ?	Certain cultural practices just tell you volums about a people, don’t they?	3
atrabilious ( ah-truh-BIL-yus ) , adj .	The truth is that he is a true man.	0
France has been gone for a long time , we will have to retake it later because there will be no French people in not too long .	France has been gone for a long time, we will have to take it back later because there will be no French people in not too long.	1
Or for that matter thinks he is a tree ?	Or is it because he thinks he is a trees?	0
White town saved by the magic negroes of Afreakkaland .	White town saved by the magic Negroes of Afreakkaland.	1
Just because they are in super max does not mean they will never be out among us again .	Just because they are in super max doesn’t mean they’ll never be out among us again.	0
If you follow the cycle of water , what we drink has already been down the toilet a few times , so it 's nothing new .	If you follow the cycle of water, what we drink has already been down the toilet a few times, so it’s nothing new.	0
Makes you wonder how we invented anything at all and built nations that were the envy of the brown world when our countries were mostly white .	It makes you wonder how we invented anything at all and built nations that were the jealousy of the brown world when our countries were mostly white.	0
I guess they did n't want anyone pointing out the flaws in what they wrote .	I guess they didn’t want anyone pointing out the flaws in the things they wrote.	0
YouTube - Broadcast Yourself .	YouTube – Broadcast Your.	0
It 's usually the `` gangstas '' that use this pose .. and some scene kids , but even scene kids listen to ( c ) rap / hip hop , so ..	It’s usually the “gangstas” that use this pose... and some scene kids, but even scene kids listen to (c) rap/hip hop, so..	0
The times they are a changing .	The times they’re a change.	0
Creep	creepy	0
The thing that concerns me is that he got a house off the council thats a house that a Irish family should have got .	The thing that concerns me is that he got a house out of the council, that is a house that an Irish family should have got.	1
Thanks to all the people that have come out to meet up recently it has been a real pleasure to meet everyone .	Thanks to all the people who have come out to meet up recently it has been a real joy to meet everyone.	0
hi i would love to chat with u ... pm me when u are online ok ?? i am a strong aryan woman	Hi I would love to chat with u... pm me when u are on-line ok?? i am a strong aryan woman	0
Maybe blacks are n't better , but their body is more shaped to hunt animals .	Maybe blacks are not better, but their bodies are more shaped to hunt animals.	1
Well, my whole jist of this time was to say that Norwegians are those whose kingdom is the most northerly and therefore the most nordic , as they have been referred to time after time again .	Well, my whole certainty of this time was to say that Norwegians are those whose kingdom is the northernmost and therefore the most Nordic, as they have been referred to time after time again.	0
The negress above have boasted about that she will become the first black woman as the prime minister of Sweden .	The Negroes above have boasted that she will become the first black woman as prime minister of Sweden.	0
It happens with animals too , I bought a chicken to cook on my way home from the graveyard and popped it in the fridge for the next day .	It happens with animals too, I bought a chicken to cook on my way home from the cemetery and popped it in the refrigerator for the next day.	0
I just want to see all the styles of clothes , how they wear them , etc .	I just want to see all the styles, how they wear them, etc.	0
http://www.nature.com/news/2011/1109....2011.518.html This site is great for our cause .. It tells a whole different story through DNA , not political BS .	http://www.nature.com/news/2011/1109....2011.518.htmlThis site is great for our cause.. It tells a whole different story through DNA, not political BS.	0
If you think this is bad , wait until she gets to middle school and she has to read clap trap like Roll of Thunder Hear My Cry and see the movie .	If you think this is bad, wait until she gets to high school and she has to read clap trap like Roll of Thunder Hear My Cry, and watch the movie.	0
white men and asian women actually do not hurt asian people and society since asians outnumber whites .	White men and Asian women do not actually hurt Asian people and society since Asians outnumber whites.	3
If I was back home the only reason I would go was to meet up with some of you guys for lunch or something .	If I were back home the only reason I would go was to meet up to some of you guys for lunch or something.	0
I honestly hate Indians , Muslims , really anything with brown , black or yellow coloured skin I hate .	I honestly hate Indians, Muslims, really anything with brown, black or yellow colored skin I hate.	1
I was beginning to think i was alone out here .	I was beginning to believe I was alone here.	0
Somehow I think maybe your a troll .	I think maybe yours is a troll.	3
I am not a white female or in wisconsin but I figured I would say hi since your talkin with my wife	I am not a white woman or in wisconsin but I thought I would say hi since your talk with my wife	0
Reinforce you disapproval of their wiggerism with approval whenever they act white .	Reinforce your disapproval of their wiggerism with approving whenever they act white.	0
The most common definition of Racist is Someone with White Skin .	The most common definition of racist is someone with white skin.	0
Yep, that 's London for ya .	That’s London for already.	0
Most adult anime comes with bright stickers indicating `` adults only '' .	Most adult anime comes with bright stickers indicating “adult only”.	0
Would you have been arrested if you shot them/killed them on your own property ?	Would you have been arrested if you had shot them/killed them on your own estate?	0
im a 29 year old proud white male who is looking to surround myself with other proud white individuals. im not a radical just a normal guy who is proud of my culture and is tired of being looked down upon from society for being a proud white male. also tired of the `` white boyz '' who are clueless of who they are and where they come from. if anyone wants to know more about please ask	I am a 29 year old proud white man who is looking to surround myself with other proud white individuals. i am not a radical just a normal guy who is proud of my culture and is tired of being looked down on from society for being a proud white male. also tired from the "white boyz" who are clueless of who they are and where they come from. if anyone wants to know more about please ask	0
The reason y i dropped out of school was because either , i drop out or i got kicked out. i always fought with the packi gang at my school. and i was never going to back down. in auto class i handed the n * igger a monkey wrench and told him the name suited him aswell. all the non-whites hated me because i wore a `` nazi punk '' and a `` white pride '' patch on my coat and backpack. a got in a fight with some black chick and i won. the next day her butchy sister caught up with me in the hall way and said that after school her and i where gonna fight. i told her `` no if u wanna fight , we 're gonna fight right here right now. not after school where u can gather the rest of u monkies up so it 's an uneven fight '' . she huffed and stormed away. - we neevr did get to fight the last straw was the first day of school i had a forgein substitute teacher. so i was talkin and and this guy was on my case about turning around and getting my work done. he had to ask me this a few times and then finially i stood up and said , `` look , i 'm white ur black , i should be telling u whut to do ! '' ohhh man , my guidance conslour did n't like that nor did my principal .... ( this was n't at school this happened a month or so ago but these people went to my school ) i had a n * igger try to rob me at knife point in the forest while his gf sat back and watched. my friend came by and jumped him and i personally went after the chick. she ran and i caught up to her and smashed her head into a tree. thats only some of my stories ....... i got a few more but i dont have the time	The reason I ran around her but this I dropped out of school was because either, I dropp out or I got kicked out did I always fought with the packi gang at my school. and I was never going to back down. in auto class I handed the n * igger a monkey wrench and told him the name suited him up with me in the hall way as well. all the non-whites hated me because I wore a "nazi punk" and a "white pride" patch fought right here now. not after school where you can gather me in a fight with some black chick and I won. the next day her butchy sister caught up with Me in the way and said that school after her and I gonna fight said the last day the principal tree went for the first time was to go for his forest and I had to go to the school and turn to the nf and the nc, so neither was I about a robbie and I'm done a few, I've got a point and I didn't have a point to go back and I got a guy and I did a point.	1
Any NS government that has them views are dangerous to their own people because they would decide who is worthy and unworthy and would make them king maker to decide that .	Any NS government that has them views are dangerous to their own people because they would decide which is worthy and unworthy and would make them king maker to decide that.	0
If it means exterminating the blacks in Africa so the gorillas have a healthy , big nature preserve I do n't oppose it .	If it means exterminating the blacks in Africa so the gorillas can have a healthy, big nature preserve I don’t oppose it.	1
One in every 1,613 residents of Flint were murder victims last year , as the city of 101,558 reported 63 murders in 2012 .	One in every 1,613 residents of Flint were murder victims in last year, as the city of 101,558 63 murders in 2012.	0
Terrible Tommy coming to Limerick.He will get in for a short holiday with a few lone wolves.He wants to go to King johns castle and see the town.Attachment 78266	Terrible Tommy coming to Limerick.He will get in for a short vacation with a few lone wolves.He wants to go to King John's castle and see the town.	0
I wonder how they will blame this one on the White Man .	I wonder how they will blam this one on the white man.	0
I would hate to live in Dublin with all the foreigners there now .	I would hate to live in Berlin with all the foreigners there now.	1
Yeah I watch the History Channel all the time and I am in all the Honor classes I just wanted to do something and yes I do have the muscle to back it up .	Yes I watch the History Channel all the time and I’m in all the Honor classes I just wanted to do something and yes I do have the muscles to back it up.	0
Politifuldm .	The police.	2
This is a good thread There is a lot of cheap WHITE places to live in the U.S. I have already drivin to look at some places already .	There are a lot of cheap white places to live in the U.S. I have already driven to look at some places already.	0
Let 's keep fights under one roof over there and keep this one fight free .	Let’s keep fights under one roof over and keep this one fight free.	0
They fought fiercely for their land and got no mercy if captured alive	They fought fiercely for their land, and found no mercy if captured alive.	0
Last time I kissed her .... yesterday .	Last time I kiss her... yesterday.	0
The story is available from the below link , which in turn came from AP .	The story is available from the link below, which in turn came from AP.	0
There is a sign up , placed by the council , stating `` No Ball Games '' , so what are they doing , yes playing football .	There is a sign up, placed by the council, stating “No Ball Games”, so what are they doing, yes playing football.	0
Mrs. B 's anti gay messages are so important .	Mrs. B’s anti-gay messages are so important.	0
That lady is short next to everyone else .	That lady is shorter next to everyone else.	0
same over here in australia. the entire melbourne taxi system is filled with indians and africans. its funny that there are no calls for diversity in the taxi industry	The entire Melbourne taxi system is filled with Indians and Africans. its funny that there are no calls for diversity in the taxi industry	0
Even stopped at a Mcdonalds and there was not one white person in there .	Even stopped at a McDonald’s and there was not one white person there.	0
Some kid knocking on a blacks door and running away.Look donkeys fords chipie across the road the internet cafe run by black overeactcted.Attacked the Limerick kid all at least 20 of them.Kid arrived out later with his at least 30 friends.The owner of internet cafe says to the white youth i have white blood.One roars back the only thing white about you is your teeth .	Some kid knocking on a black door and running away.Look donkeys forces chipie across the road the internet cafe run by black overreactcted.Attacked the Limerick kid all at least 20 of them.Kid arrived out later with his at least 30 friends.The owner of internet cafe says to the white youth I have white blood.One roars back the only thing white about you is your teeth.	0
I work in close proximity to more of them than I care to .	I work in close proximity with more of them than I care about.	0
This thread was about Ukranians being white .	This thread was about Ukrainians being white.	0
hi im 20 year old male in louisville kentucky and havent found one skin or even any1 proud of being white is there anymore like me out there ?	Hi im 20 year old man in louisville kentucky and havent found one skin or even any1 proud to be white is there no longer like me out there?	0
in the ' raid ' of Hamburg phosphor bombs were used .	In the “raid” of Hamburg phosphorus bombs were used.	0
Listen to Bluegrass , Celtic , Texas Swing , Rock a Billy , old time County , Southern Rock , and White Nationalist music !	Listen to Bluegrass, Celtic, Texas Swing, Rock a Billy, Old Time County, Southern Rock, and White Nationalist music!	0
I lived in a town when I was younger ( here in colorado ) It was tiny , took maybe 30 minutes to walk across the whole town .	I lived in a town when I was younger (here in Colorado) It was tiny, took maybe 30 minutes to walk across the whole town.	0
I would not even use anything that man says winston churchill is the reason we are in this mess in the first place the bastard should have been shot	I’t even use anything that man says Winston Churchill is the reason we are in this mess in the first place the bastard ought to have been shot.	0
Guess we Yanks gave them a hel-uva attitude adjustment at Hiroshima .	Guess we Yanks gave them a hel uva attitude adjustment at Hiroshima.	0
From 1990-2010 Canada brought in over 200,000 immigrants 18 timess !!! 9 times in 130 years .....	From 1990-2010 Canada brought in over 200,000 immigration 18 timeless!!! 9 times in 130 years.....	0
But on a humourous note it could also mean `` burnt earth '' ( svidd jord ) .	But on a humorous note it could also mean “burnt earth” (svidd jord).	0
Clast, good luck in your search !	Good luck in your search!	0
It 's obvious the International Jew has big plans for Ukraine now .	It’s obvious that the International Jew has big plans for the Ukraine now.	0
To call them a civil rights organization without questions , you minus well call evil , good .	To call them a civil rights organization without question, you minus well call evil, good.	0
That 's great for our Germanic youth but if you want to include all of our youth thats cutting it a bit short is n't it ?	That’s great for our Germanic youth but if you want to include all of our young people that cutting it a bit short is it not?	0
There is nothing I would love to see more than the arrest , trial and execution of these murderous and genocidal Zionists !	There is nothing I would like to see more than the arrest, trial and execution of these murderous and genocidal ZIONISTS!	1
I'll put money on it Amy this is the photo the females hate you are a stunning girl do n't let no1 drag you down .	I'll put money on it Amy this is the photo the women hate you are a stunning girl do not let no1 drag you down.	0
I noticed that that that was your first post .	I noticed that this was your first post.	0
Whites shoudl clean their own mess !	White shoudl cleans their own mess!	0
http://www.commercialappeal.com/news ... emain-custody / Now , a little about the school where she `` teaches '' .	http://www.commercialappeal.com/news... emain-Custody / Now, a little about the school where she “teaches”.	3
I'm glad you realized it .	I am glad you realized.	0
Dont know my heritage for ever .	I don’t know my heritage forever.	0
We dont go telling members to run they have to come to us and ask .	We don’t go telling members to run they have To come to us and ask.	0
Agreed. on the tournament floor there are rules. on the street there is not .	On the tournament floor there are rules, on the street there are no rules.	0
And to think FIFA are allowing this nation to host the biggest sporting event on the planet .	And to think FIFA is allowing this nation to host the largest sporting event on the planet.	0
Well done to all the people in Ireland.Let 's hope this is just the start of people waking up to the dangers of a mulitracial society .	Well done to all the people in Ireland.Let's hope this is just the beginning of people waking up to the dangers of a multirational society.	0
YouTube - Broadcast Yourself .	YouTube – Broadcast Your.	2
Woman pulls pistol on loud mouth girl - YouTube	Woman pulls a gun on loud mouth girl - Youtube	0
You fools could n't keep out a dangerous mental case from the Third World .	You fools couldn’t keep out a dangerous mental case from the third world.	0
The word Jew mean a tribe from Jueda , the word Jew then meant a person living in Jueda , and then it meant a race of people .	The word Jew means a tribe from Judah, the word Jew then meant a person living in Judah and then it meant an race of people.	0
What age is too old to start driving a truck on the long hauls ?	What age is too old to start driving a truck on the long haul?	0
Please click on the banner below to join Stormfront today .	Please click on the banner under to join Stormfront today.	0
A good book to read on this is a Bible Conderence .	A good book to read on that is a Bible Conderence.	0
It seems odd that alot of times there 's such a black and white concept for people pertaining to the will of man .	It seems strange that many times there is such a black and white concept for people belonging to the will of man.	0
Do they say they dont care ?	Do they tell them they don’t care?	0
4	by 4S	0
There will be no change as long as White people perpetuate the excuses and profit from being the enablers of such behavior .	There will be no change as long as White people perpetuate the explanations and profit from being the enablers of such behavior.	0
Please keep us updated on any results you get from this .	Please keep us updated about any results you get from this.	0
I also want to say you have a great website .	I also want to tell you you have a great website.	0
You must have some luck having the one Indian that loves blacks as a teacher .	You must have some luck having the one Indians who love blacks as a teacher.	0
Could definitely do without the chest compressions .	Could definitely do without your chest compressions.	0
The booze thing should n't be a big deal .	The booze thing shouldn’t be a big deal.	0
Why have n't we thought about that over here ?	Why have we not thought about that over here?	0
- Skinheads Against Racial Prejudice - Skinheadsi protiv rasne diskriminacije - arpovci - Debili .	Skinheads Against Racial Prejudice - Skinheadsi protiv Rasne Diskriminiminacije - arpovci - Debili.	0
I'd say that here on SF , most of the thread derailers are crypto-antis who do n't give hoot about Thor or Jesus .	I would say that here on SF, most of the thread derailers are crypto-antis who don’t give hoot about Thor or Jesus.	0
About 1000 of Israely military specialists voluntary ( they say so ) served in Georgian army.To prepare the assault on Tshinvaly .	About 1000 Israeli military specialists volunteered (they say so) served in the Georgian army.	0
My mother has dark brown hair and striking green eyes .	My mother has dark brown hairs and striking green eyes.	0
Below is a video of Mr. Hitchens in action when he was last seen on BBC Question Time : Peter Hitchens : Gay Marriage , Immigration , Drugs and Charity - YouTube	Below is a video of Mr. Hitchens in action when he was last seen on BBC Questionnaire Time : Peter Hitchers: Gay Marriage, Immigration, Drugs and Charity - YouTube	0
Every day they erase more of our past .	Every day they erasure more of our past.	0
Just for the record I have never bought a rap record or voted for any black politician .	Just for the record I have never bought a rapp record or voted for any black politician.	0
I was sure that they were lying about the numbers and it 's must be the same in every country IMO .	I was sure they were lying about the numbers and it’s must be the same in every country IMO.	0
Thanks for the posting and all they contains .	Thanks for the post and all it contains.	0
I would like to find the where the document came from and when it was first published thank you for your reply .	I would like to find where the document came from and when it was first published, thank you for your reply.	0
http://www.exterminationist.com/science.htmhttp://www.exterminationist.com/leaflets.htm There is alot of work to be done .	http://www.exterminationist.com/science.htmhttp://www.exterminational.com / leaflets.htm There is a lot of work to be done.	0
Hey everyone I would like to get together with some people from my state that are like me .	Hello everyone I would like to get together with some folks from my state who are like me.	0
Does anyone want to meet somewhere within the next few weeks ?	Does anyone want to meet in the next few weeks?	0
How much longer are we going to wait for them to take care of themselves ?	How long will we wait for them to take care of themselves?	1
Unfortunately in the United Kingdom we do n't have guns like you Yanks so I was hoping for some alternatives for a SHTF scenario ?	Unfortunately in the United Kingdom we don’t have guns like you Yanks so I was hoping for some alternatives for an SHTF scenario?	0
No one has mentioned ' Hate Society ' , they are a great band and they dont just scream down the mic .	No one has mentioned ‘Hate Society’, they are a great band and they don’t just scream down the microphone.	0
I never fell out of a hump back in the day .	I never fell out of the hump back in the day.	0
Has it gone or can I just not find it ?	Has it gone or I just can’t find it?	0
I take fotos from alphabetical order , only select clear big fotos .	I take photos in alphabetical order, only select clear big photos.	0
I've been posting this story on several forums and sending out quite a few emails .	I have been posting this story on several forums and send out quite a few emails.	0
I have no idea how to do it. )	I have no idea what to do.)	0
I bet where he lived small animals went missing all the time maybe even people	I bet where he lived little animals went missing all the time maybe people	0
Manic street preachers are also red scum and basically every band playing is left-wing/pro-faggot , and many of them are drug using lowlifes .	Manic street preachers are also red scum and basically every band playing is left-wing/pro-faggot, and many of them are drug using lowlifes.	1
You lost the fight already .	You have already lost the fight.	0
This past long weekend Aug 6th , 2007 , my buddy and I trailered his boat to the desert town of Osoyoos , British Columbia .	This past long weekend, August 6, 2007, my friend and I trailered his boat to the desert town of Osoyoos, British Columbia.	0
How many feet were lost ?	How many legs have been lost?	0
Yeah , it 's expensive .	Yes, it is expensive.	0
Sure, send me an IM on Goodreads or here telling me your Goodreads ID so I can invite you to join it .	Sure, send me an IM on Goodreads or here tell me your Goodreats ID so I can invite you to join it.	0
ive seen some very beautiful white women and nothing sickens me more than to see them pull up at the mall , grocery store , or gas station and think damn shes beautiful then to see her open the back door and walk in with an oreo baby kinda makes you wish it was still 1940 here in alabama 16	I have seen some very beautiful white women and nothing hurts me more than to see them pull up at the mall, grocery store, or gas station and think damn shes beautiful then to see her open the back door and walk in with an oreo baby kinda makes you wish it was still 1940 Here in Alabama	1
'According to okayafrica.com ' : ' A violent scene unfolded Monday at the University of the Free State in South Africa when black students and workers disrupting a rugby match were attacked by white students .	According to okayafrica.com, a violent scene unfolded Monday at the University of the Free State in South Africa when black students and workers disrupting an rugby match were attacked by white students.	0
88!	It is 88.	0
you should' t say that white are more intelligent than blacks as i am a black neurosurgeon and that takes a high level of intelligence to become so think before you speak .	You shouldn’t say that white are more intelligent than blacks as I’m a black neurosurgeon and that takes a high level of intelligence to become so think prior to you speak.	0
Wonder if food stamps would cover s * * t for them in America and we could not have a food shortage of real food ?	Wondering if food stamps would cover s * t for them in America and we could not have a food shortages of real food?	0
Its comes when u least expect it ... there 's always someone out there for everyone.that 's my belief .	It comes when you least expect it... there’s always someone out there for everyone.	0
Woodlands , 1890 Rain in an Oak Forest , 1891	Woodlands, 1890 Rain in a Oak Forest, 1891	0
I have no problem cleaning my own toilets infact I dont even hate it because after im done I know that there be the cleanest dang place for my buttocks to be sitting on the next time there is a need for a bowel movement .	I have no problem cleaning my own toilets, but I don’t even hate it because after I’m done I know that there is the cleanest dang place for my buttocks to be sitting on the next time there is a need for a bowel movement.	0
When they get ridiculed because of their injury on the radio by a negro talk-show host who sings little songs about how sharks only eat White people , sure .	When they get ridiculed because of their injury on the radio by a negro talkshow host who sings little songs about how sharks only eat white people, sure.	1
What alternative do you have other than kill the black policeman and every black cop you can until they get you .	What alternative do you have other than kill the black police officer and every black cop you can until they get you.	1
going to the show over in the third district on saturday im trying to go but probly will need a ride home thanks	Going to the show over in the third district on Saturday im trying to go but probly will need a ride home thanks.	0
I had to ride a bus downtown in the mid 70s , to take the test for my ham radio license .	I had to ride a bus downtown in the mid-70s, to take the test for my ham radio license.	0
sure it was , yes of course , what was i thinking ?	I was sure it was, yes of course, what was I thinking?	0
Muahaha ...	Mukhahaha...	0
AND VITAL .	and vital.	0
Blacks woman pulls gun on bus because another woman was talking too loud on the phone ... a black man difuses the situation ...	Black woman pulls a gun on the bus because another woman was talking too loud on the phone...a black man diffuses the situation...	3
I suppose they 're trying to be funny , but it 's really just an effort to continue demonizing Germans and propagating the Holocau $ t .	I suppose they’re trying to be funny, but it’s really just an effort to continue demonizing Germans and propagating the Holocaust.	1
I'm glad you pointed this out that anti-Bullying campaign has been used to promote homosexuals who are more likely to bully anyone who disagrees with them .	I’m glad you pointed out this that anti-bullying campaign has been used to promote homosexuals who are more likely to bully anyone that disagrees with them.	1
I saw two blacks there and a few on their website .	I saw two blacks out there and a few on their site.	0
Seen some girl about 6 years old begging on grafton street once and we were coming out of a shop a few mins later when her father pulls up in a decent car. scum. the lot of them .	I saw a girl about 6 years old begging on Grafton street once and we were coming out of a shop a few minutes later when her father pulls up in a decent car.	1
I'm having a hard time believing this .	I’m having a hard time to believe this.	0
Friggen hipicrits .	The friggen hippies.	0
You can click `` New Posts '' on the red bar before you wanna create a new thread to see if the news was already posted or not .	You can click “New Posts” on the red bar before you want to create a new thread to see if the news was already posted or not.	0
But in The Bible there is no verses that prohibit inter-racial relationships or mixed race children is there ?	But in the Bible there are no verses that prohibit interracial relationships or mixed-racial children is there?	0
Awwwwww At least you didnt have drool drooping out of your mouth like I did when I was one years old .	At least you didnt have drool drooping out of your mout like I did when I was one year old.	0
This morning I found a video that was quite interesting , as it demonstrated how this question frequently comes up even after serious crimes .	This morning I found a video that was quite interesting, as it demonstrated how this question often comes up even after serious crimes.	0
I do not blame you , Ottawa like all of our cities is a multicultural hell .	I don’t blame you, Ottawa, like all our cities, is a multicultural hell.	1
I hope they all starve .	I hope that they all starved.	1
oh definitely do push ups and sit ups for the time being .... does n't your school have a weight room you can use ? you should go there ...	Oh definitely do push ups and sit ups for the time being... doesn’t your school have a weight room you can use? you should go there...	0
I knew I had never seen that name on here before and you have so many post then I clicked on your profile and saw it was you Lyn .	I knew I had never seen that name here before and you have so many posts then I clicked on your profile and saw it was you Lyn.	0
This is awful .. complain to the teachers about lying to students ( then again , you do n't want your kids kicked out ) .	This is awful... complain to the teachers about lying to students (then again, you don’t want your kids kicked out).	0
I got sloppy seconds after some Muslims used this girl .	I got sloppy seconds when some Muslims used this girl.	1
Black hair is fairly common amongst the Irish , whereas black people are n't .	Black hair is quite common among Irish, while black people are not.	0
I have and always will fly my rebel flag in my front yard for all to see.I also have it on my truck .	I have and always will fly my rebel flag in my front court for everyone to see.	0
It's from mid day Saturday untill the sunday morning but on the Sunday morning if enough want to stay on for the day we 'll see about putting on some ballads & holding a few extra events through the day .	It’s from midday Saturday until Sunday morning but on Sunday morning if enough want to stay on for the day we’ll see about putting on some ballads and holding a few extra events through the day.	0
Thank you for your input .	Thanks for your input.	0
Guess it could be .	Guess that could be.	0
in england the spanish flag is probably kosher to fly without getting your collar felt , any flag in the world would be ok but the jack and st george	In England the Spanish flag is probably kosher to fly without getting your collar felt, any flag in the world would be ok but the Jack and St. George	0
The Prime of Miss Jean Brodie Trailer - YouTube	The Prime of Miss Jeane Brodie Trailer - Youtube	0
I visited it half a dozen times abt a year ago .	I visited it half a douza times abt a year ago.	0
I havent even paid for not one single ppv , so its not like Im stopping my support , lol By the way , to the guy that said Demian Maia is white ... yes , hes white , just like Erick Silva .	I haven’t even paid for not one single ppv, so it’s not like I stop my support, lol By the way, to the guy who said Demian Maia is white...yes, he’s white, just like Erick Silva.	0
Even the forum of Local Government Ombudsman Watch are frightened to talk about the video .	Even the forum of Local Government Ombudsman watch are afraid to talk about the video.	0
In another thread , I was railed by several respectable members of StormFront for my unconditional support of our troops .	In another thread, I was railed by several respectable members of StormFront for our unconditional support of our troops.	0
Missouri is very cheap I have lived her like I said most of my life you can get 130 acres , with a 4 bedroom house , barns , ponds and woods for 97,000 in southern Missouri .	Missouri is very cheap I have lived her as I said most of my life you can get 130 acres, with a 4 bedroom house, barns, ponds and forests for 97,000 in southern Missouri.	0
Unbeautiful ' modern ' sculpture : The Harp Twins Camille and Kennerly ask : Chicago has the Bean and New York had the ??? Comments : it was the Bull .... on Wall Street New York had the `` I-popped-a-can-of-cinnamon-rolls-and-then-piled them-on-top-of-each-other-and-painted-it-silver '' monument .	Unbeautiful'modern' sculpture: The Harp Twins Camille and Kennerly ask: Chicago has the Bean and New York had the??? Comments: it was the Bull.... on Wall Street New York has the 'I-popped-a-can-of-cinnamon-rolls-and-then-piled them-on-top-of–each-other-and–painted-it-silver' monument.	0
If they have some marches and what not about showing pride in their culture you guys should go out and do the same If you could try and contact people you know in different cities and see if their willing to do the same .	If they have some marches and what not about showing pride in their culture you guys should go out and do likewise If you could try and contact people you know in different cities and see if their willing to do the same.	0
I miss my mark if the movie Jack London was n't shown at the The Jack London Literary Prize Banquet .	I miss my mark if the film Jack London was not shown at the The Jack London Literary Prize Banquet.	0
The gas thing is there so strict on Immigration in China	The gas thing is there, so strict on immigration in China	0
If I do n't use anything black people invented .	If I don’t use anything black people invent.	0
Prostitution and drug is getting everywhere , dealers are from Senegal , Guinea , Nigeria , dirty prostitutes are fom Cameroun .	Prostitution and drugs are getting everywhere, dealers are from Senegal, Guinea, Nigeria, dirty prostitutes are fom Cameroon.	1
Somehow, it is not hard for me to imagine you fighting off an entire police force , you certainly sound mean enough .	Somehow, it’s not hard for me to imagine you fighting off an entire police forces, you sound mean enough.	0
Many of the famous artists , poets , actors , theater/stage actors , home designers , fashion designers , sculptors , ( all of these are artists ) are gay .	Many of the famous artists, poets, actors, theater/stage actors, home designers, fashion designers, sculptors, (all of these are artists ) are gay.	0
These things make me sick !	These things get me sick!	0
But what do you say to the ivy who wants to become a tree ??	But what do you say to the Ivy who wants to become a tree?	0
I newer mentioned Samis haplogroup types .	I have recently mentioned the Samis haplogroup type.	0
I wonder what Mom and Dad thought of that	I wonder what mom and dad thought of that.	0
I'm a WN from NJ , Ive been looking for others in NJ for awhile , where about in NJ are u ?	I am a WN from New York, I have been looking for others in New York for a while, where about in New Jersey are u?	0
Victim Judy Burstein , 55 , had met the singer , Michoel Streicher , 50 , at his performances five years ago in Rockland County , Brooklyn and Lakewood , NJ .	Victim Judy Burstein, 55, had met singer, Michoel Streicher, 50, at his performances five years ago in Rockland County, Brooklyn and Lakewood, NJ.	0
It does n't matter how you dress up a mud .	It doesn’t matter how you dress up the mud.	1
I'll do you a deal .	I will make you a deal.	0
I always thought genocide was carried out with a bullet to the head when the victims were found , ya know , like every genocide since the advent of the bullet .	I always thought genocide was carried out with a bullet to the head when the casualties were found, ya know, like every genocidal since the advent of the bullet.	0
Look at those pictures .	Look to those pictures.	0
No white person should send a single penny or lift a single finger to help them .	No white person should send a single pennies or lift a single finger to help them.	1
It bothers me in as much it makes me want to vomit , any white woman who lay down with the beast need not try and come back because `` once you go black you 're not wanted back !	It annoys me in as much as it makes me want to vomit, any white woman who lie down with the beast need not try and come back because “once you go black you’re not wanted back!”	1
Anything goes these days to make Whites look like total jack asses .	Anything goes these days to make White look like total jack asses.	0
I believe this can be higher since I 've read reports that especially whites in the Free State were not counted in the latest census .	I believe this can be higher since I’ve read reports that especially whites in the Free State were not counted on in the latest census.	0
It is always nice to meet another person with roots in Kansas .	It is always nice to meet someone with roots in New York.	0
Yes, you are fine .	Yes, You are fine.	0
Dave you live in frigin Brampton ?!	Dave you live in Frigin Brampton?	0
This might take the cake of the biggest load of bullsh ! t the Jews have tried to pass by the goyim .	This might take the cake of the greatest load of bullsh! t the Jews have tried to pass by the goyim.	1
http://www.occultopedia.com/f/feral_children.htmhttp://www.ling.lancs.ac.uk/chimp/la...E4/4kamala.htmhttp://www.occultopedia.com/w/wildpeter.htm Aragorn	http://www.occultopedia.com/f/f_children.htmhttp://www	0
When I get out of boot camp from the Marines Im going to get the Eagle , Globe , and Anchor tattoo on my right Arm big too .	When I get out of boot camp from the Marines I’m going to get the Eagle, Globe, and Anchor tattoo on my right Arm big too.	0
There are no dumb questions and there are plenty in this thread who will answer to the best of our abilities .	There are no stupid questions and there are plenty in this thread who will answer to best of our abilities.	0
Glad it made news your way the truth must be told but have you noticed it says it is not a racist attack , Oh but we all know the story shall it of been some poor black bastard bashed to near death in Dublin eh	Glad it made news your way the truth must be told but have you noticed it says it is not a racist attacks, Oh but we all know the story shall it of being some poor black bastard bashed to close death in Dublin eh	1
I'd probably point out the inherent contradiction in calling it MULTI-culturalism if the goal is to consolidate all cultures ( into one ) .	I would probably point out the inherent contradiction in calling it MULTI-culturism if the goal is to consolidate all cultures (to one).	0
I have to pack everything .	I have To Pack Everything.	0
Any WN in the the Lancaster-Leominster-Clinton-Worcester-Bolton ( my town ) area ? in the 13-15 year age group ?	Any WN in the Lancaster-Leominster-Clinton-Worcester-Bolten (my town) area? in the 13-15 year age group?	0
It 's nice to see other people here in this section that lean towards the old Pagan beliefs too .	It’s nice to see other people here in this section that lende toward the old Pagan beliefs too.	0
We 're totally flooded .	We are completely flooded.	3
If you want to know about Ragnar and his time then read Ragnars saga Loðbrókar .	If you want to know about Ragnar and his times then read the Ragnar saga Loðbrókar.	0
You are a true friend of my serb people ...	You are a true friends of my Serbian people.	0
Servents/maids , workers of some type ?	Servants/maids, workers of some type?	0
mine was when i was about 5 or 6 , she was the same age. julie was her name blond and used to hum while eating , i remember the kiss was in the bushes behind a garden. last i heard she became a jehovas witness. ah well .	my was when I was about 5 or 6, she was the same age. julie was her name blond and used to hum while eating, I remember the kiss was in the bushes behind a garden. last I heard she became a Jehovah’s witness.	0
I 'm just out of college though. i guess i 'll join an mma school in the fall .	I'm just out of college though. I guess I'll join a mma school in autumn.	0
Apparently the French paid the Indians a bounty for every scalp they obtained of an enemy combatant .	Apparently the French paid the Indians a bounty on every scalp they obtained from an enemy fighter.	0
It has only taken 14 months to arrive to this point .	It only took 14 months to reach this point.	0
French and Spanish are offered , but there is only one french teacher , as opposed to our 4 or more Spanish teachers , so the number of students able to take French is VERY limited .	French and Spanish are offered, but there is only one French teacher, unlike our 4 or more Spanish teachers, so the number of students able to take French is VERY limited.	0
I saw your girls on VH1 , too .	I saw your girls in VH1 too.	0
Just shows the absurdity of Obamamania : an athletic white woman attacks one libtard to proclaim the holiness of another libtard who may be worse !	Just shows the absurdity of Obamamania: an athletic white woman attacks one libtard to proclaim the holiness of another Libtard who may be worse!	1
I'm in the pittsburgh area myself .	I am in the pittsburgh region myself.	0
And they are more than suitable for singing ( when talking about singing ... )	And they are more than suitable for chanting (when talking about singing...)	0
I was there and I must say it 's great museum .	I was there and I have to say it's a great museum.	0
the video clip at the start looked very good and made a nice change from that band of brothers type crap Got a lot of respect for the Estonian Waffen SS guys .	The video clip at the beginning looked very good and made a nice change from that band of brothers type crap Got a great deal of respect for the Estonian Waffen SS guys.	0
Did you register an account on this site just to call these people white supremacists/call them stupid ?	Did you register an account on this site just to call those people white supremacists/call them stupid?	0
I would die for my child .	I would Die for My Child.	0
I am from vancouver wa am a singer in a up an coming white power band and i am looking to meet some one who has no boyfriend or man at all and is white	I am from Vancouver, I am a singer in a upcoming white power band and I am looking to meet someone who has no boyfriend or man at all and is white	0
Semmelweis University , Department of Forensic Medicine , Budapest , Hungary , 1091 2 .	Semmelweis University, Department of Forensic Medicine, Budapest, Hungary, 1091 2	0
God save her .	God saves her.	0
Two English majors who went on to be successful are James Corbett and Drew Karpyshyn .	Two English majors who went on to be successful were James Corbett and Drew Karpyshyn.	0
F * * k the bloods and crips , cops are the worst gang going !	F * * k the bloodshed and crips, cops are the worst gang going!	0
Very good school with alot of whites , very few hispanics and very few blacks but many asians .	Very good school with a lot of whites, very few Hispanics and very few blacks but many Asians.	0
Their is much more to that if your hoping for a successful relationship and marriage .	Their is much more to that if you hope for a successful relationship and marriage.	0
I also have ' glass magnet ' type decorations for the patio door .	I also have'magnet glass' type decorations for the patio door.	0
`` Parkelj '' is the companion to the Christian St. Nicholaus ( Miklavž ) each year : And here we celebrate Jarilo every year under the name `` Zeleni Jurij '' :	Parkelj is the companion of the Christian St. Nicholas (Miklavž) every year: And here we celebrate Jarilo every year under the name Zeleni Jurij:	0
Japan NUCLEAR REACTOR - RADIOACTIVE STEAM ON VIDEO - 3/11/11 YouTube - UPDATE 1pm CST !	Japan Nuclear Reactor - RADIOACTIVE STEAM ON VIDEO - 3/11/11 YouTube - Update 1pm CST!	0
Very informative .	Very Informative..	0
Axis history forum has a very large sticky on her and the whole video that was shot , she ends up with a surviving group of people and even tries to crack a smile for the camera .	Axis history forum has a very large sticky on her and the whole video that was shot, she ends up with a surviving group of people and even tries to crack a smile for camera.	0
Like many on here are .	Like many here.	0
As long as we have sports and television , most White people do not care .	As long as we have sports and TV, most white people don’t care.	0
mommy told me never to squelch on someone 's claims. the very fear of exposure makes me want to avoid lying .	Mommy told me never to squelch on someone’s claims. the very fear of exposure makes me want to avoid lie.	0
Whites have the following Too many abortions , too many mixed marriages , too many no kids marriages , and too many liberals .	White people have the following: Too many abortions, too many mixed marriages, too Many no children marriments, and too many liberals.	1
Just trying to make people understand that you dont HAVE to shave your head to be a skin .	Just trying to make people understand that you don’t have to shave your head to be a skin.	0
Strong, firm parents who bring up their children with Values are a good breeding ground for future leaders .	Strong, firm parents who raise their children with Values are a good breeding ground to future leaders.	0
I shall contribute to this organization and support the XXV points .	I will contribute to this organization and support XXV points.	0
Its about time we started fighting back against the constant harassment we receive .	It is about time we began fighting back against the constant harassments we receive.	0
I have an awesome tattooist in the burbs of Chicago ...	I have a fantastic tattooist in the burbs in Chicago.	0
Norhat ( Norway ) - Metal/Oi !	Norhat (Norway) - Metal / Oh!	0
If you plan to work a particular mall in the Houston area , please PM me , so we can coordinate , and cover more area .	If you plan to work a particular mall in the Houston area, please PM me, so we can coordinate, and cover more area.	0
I think I stumbled on this thread before and thought I 'd get back to it and forgot .	I think I stumbled on this thread before, and thought I’d get back to it and forgot.	0
Blacks built the Pyramids and the White House .	Black people built the Pyramids and White House.	0
Thorongil You get one twin , I get other .	Thorongil You get a twin, I get another.	0
I'm in Australia and I want it to be done and over with , my mum is constantly going on about the Olympics like it 's a big deal .	I’m in Australia and I want it to be done and over with, my mom is constantly going on about the Olympics as it’s a big deal.	0
Die Antwoord - `` Cookie Thumper '' ( Official Video ) - YouTube	The Response - `` Cookie Thumper '' (Official Video ) - YouTube	0
That way your always one step ahead of the game !!	This way you are always one step ahead of your game!!	0
I think it good strategy that we start these in small areas then grow outwards. perhaps 2 close communities can merge if they get big enough .	I think it’s a good strategy that we start these in small areas then grow outward. 2 close communities can merge if they get big enough.	0
May they all get mad cow disease .	May they all have mad cow disease.	1
BNP just fills the gaps ....	BNP just has filled the gaps...	0
If you ever ride the L in Chicago pay no attention to the color codes .	If you ever ride the L in New York pay no attention to the color codes.	3
First off they probably wont do anything , second off dont start anything .	First off they probably won’t do anything, second off don’t start anything.	0
I went outside and the niglet 's mom told me my daughter had hit her first .	I went outside and the niglet’s mom told me my daughter had hit her the first.	1
There could be if could put together something we have had interest from people in Manitoba before .	There could be if could put together something we’ve had interest from people in Manitoba before.	0
I do n't think so .	I do not think so.	0
I'm not sure .	I am not sure.	0
Black guy stabs student , and then slices her throat in front of 30 plus students and faculty , garners barely a mention in the MSM .	Black guy stabs student, and then slices her throat in front of 30 plus students and faculty, garnering barely a mention in the MSM.	0
He of all people should have known to what extent the Federal Government will go to have people like him thrown in prison .	He of all people should have known to what extent the federal government will go to have people like him thrown in jail.	0
Greece and Serbia Against All / ????? ? ?????? ?????? ???? ( HD 1080p ) - YouTube Thank you brother Greeks !!!	Greece and Serbia Against All /?????????????? ( HD 1080p ) - YouTube Thank you brothers Greeks!!!	0
Can any Swedish comrades tell me about them ?	Can any Swedish Comrades tell me about them?	0
Other shooting at protester Shooting to people in Kiev / ???????? ?? ???????????? ? ?????	Other shooting at protesters Shooting to people in Kiev /???????????????????	0
No need to invite the foreign hordes onto your own soil ! : bang shead : My head hurts now .	No need to invite the foreign hordes onto your very own soil! : bang shead: My head hurts now.	3
These guys are killing our culture while pretending to want to save it .	These guys are killing our culture, while pretending to want to save it.	1
They talk like gangsters - `` yo yo yo '' .	They talk like gangsters – “Yo yo yo”.	0
California tried to pass a law requiring bio-metric fingerprint ID technology on guns last year ; SB 283 ..	California tried to pass a law requiring biometric fingerprint ID technology on guns last year; SB 283	0
Well yes that s the thing there is a difference between being publically a White Nationalist and being a nut or some ' stereotypical skinhead ' .	Well yes that’s the thing there’s a difference between being publicly a White Nationalist and being a nut or some ‘stereotypical skinhead’.	0
Ruger Old Army and Moore and Harris double .	Ruger Old Army, Moore and Harris double.	0
But the main thing is that there is nothing to be proud of .	But the main thing is that you have nothing to be proud of.	0
quote: -------------------------------------------------------------------------------- Originally posted by Draco Nah G , Iz bee outta dat wigga sheot like a million mutha * * * * in years ago , nameen ?	quote: -------------------------------- Originally posted by Draco Nah G, Iz bee outta dat wigga sheot like a million mutha * * * in years ago, namen?	0
Plus there are all the kids in the neighborhood they play with .	Plus there are all the kids of the neighborhood they play with.	0
Public school teachers ( ~ 70 percent white even in CA ) actually buy into this .	Public school teachers (~70 percent white even in CA) actually buy into this.	0
Hails	hails is	0
I understand this but unfortunatly I have no one else to turn to .	I understand this but unfortunately I have no other to turn to.	0
We have plenty of articles , photos , music & we 're going to start uploading videos soon .	We have plenty of articles, photos, music and we’re going to start uploading videos soon.	0
That 's Great !	That is great!	3
Another cleaning tip ( from Vietnam , go figure ) that works well .	Another cleaning tip (from Vietnam, go figure) that works well.	0
When the homos tried to have a fag pride parade in Serbia a few years ago they were beaten up .	When the gay attempted to have a fag pride parade in Serbia a few year ago they were beaten up.	0
32-year-old Jason `` Jay '' Tate was found with Kelsey Sue Stahl 's car .	32-year-old Jason "Jay" Tate was found with Kelsey Sue Stahl's car.	0
I do n't have a problem with English working or living in Ireland , maybe it was your personality that was the problem .	I don’t have a problem with English working or living in Ireland, maybe it was your personality that was the problem.	0
Law Center to Prevent Gun Violence ?	Law Center to prevent gun violence?	0
Aragorn	by Aragor	0
How many are there ?	How Many Are There?	0
Deuteronomy 28 : 43 God speaking to His children : `` The stranger that is within thee shall get up above thee very high ; and thou shalt come down very low '' .	Deuteronomy 28:43 God said to his sons, “The stranger who is within you will rise above you very highly, and you will come down very lowly.”	0
14/88	4 of 88	0
Arthur Kemp over exaggerates their role in almost every civilization .	Arthur Kemp over-exaggerates their role in almost every civilisation.	0
I would n't take my kids there without some serious hardcore buddies .	I’t take my kids there without some serious hardcore buddies.	0
Every action he 's taken reveals that he is completely unacceptable. as a citizen , in White societies All the blacks and browns can do is wreck and destroy - and that is all they have done , and do .	Every action he has taken reveals that he is completely unacceptable. as a citizen, in White societies All the blacks and browns can do is wreck and destroy - and that's all they have done, and do.	1
What he means is to not directly support as far as possible , as opposed to indirectly support the system itself ( via taxes etc ) .	What he means is not to directly support as far as possible, as opposed to indirectly supporting the system itself (via taxes etc.).	0
If anyone else has any online activism they 've been doing with this story let us know about it here .	If anyone else has any online activism they’ve been doing with this story let us know about it.	0
See.....	This...	0
http://aangirfan.blogspot.com/2009/1...ual-abuse.html	http://aangirfan.blogspot.com/2009/1...al-abuse.html	0
The child abuse of white children happens every day in American schools .	The child abuse of white kids happens every day in American schools.	0
We are badly outnumbered .	We are bad enough overnumbered.	0
Wntube is now .net , not .com.	Wntube is now a.net, not.com.	0
It has a lot of useful videos free to download on it .	It has a lot of helpful videos free to download on it.	0
Thanks for posting , made my day	Thanks for the post, made my day.	0
BTW - I do n't recall seeing a Mars Bar in S.A ?	BTW - I don't remember seeing a Mars Bar in S.A.	0
I've met a few people who I talk to outside of SF , and I consider them to be pretty good friends .	I have met a few people I talk to outside of SF, and I consider them to be pretty good friends.	0
YouTube - SAS Survival Secrets Ep1 Pt 1/6 YouTube - SAS Survival Secrets Ep1 Pt 2/6 YouTube - SAS Survival Secrets Ep1 Pt 3/6 YouTube - SAS Survival Secrets Ep1 Pt 4/6 YouTube - SAS Survival Secrets Ep1 Pt 5/6 YouTube - SAS Survival Secrets Ep1 Pt 6/6	YouTube - SAS Survival Secrets Ep1 Pt 1/6 YouTube -SAS Survival secrets Ep2 Pt 2/6 YouTube -SS Survival sekrets Ep3 Pt 3/6 YouTube –SAS survival secretes Ep1Pt 4/6 YouTube	0
Another EuroRus update , more video and photos ! [ gvideo ] http://video.google.com/videoplay ? docid = 5268894597794277031 [ /gvideo ] A Fascinating Conversation Between Dr. Alfred Vierling & Dr. Duke !	Another EuroRus update, more video and photos! [ gvideo ] http://video.google.com/videoplay? docid = 5268894597794277031 [ / gvideo ) A Fascinating Conversation Between Dr. Alfred Vierling & Dr. Duke!	0
Coming right up .	Comes right up.	0
White people - report immediately to Californian University for `` re-education '' .	White people - report immediately to California University for "re-education".	0
If you want to buy the homes and businesses around you pm Ill show you how to purchase these propertys when they become available , even with bad or no credit or money .	If you want to buy the homes and around you, show you how to buy these properties when they become available, even with bad or no credit or money.	0
None dare call it White genocide Forward this around to friends and family , spread the word : None dare call it White genocide	Nobody dares to call it White genocide, spread the word: Nobody dare to call this White genoside.	0
It will be like letting everyone they persucuted for speaking the truth spit into their faces and say , `` I told you so . ''	It will be like letting everyone they persuaded for speaking the truth spit into their faces and say, "I told you so."	0
Worse than Benefits St.	Worse Than St. Francis’s Benefits	0
I 've seen several banned people get a new account and nothing bad came out of it , plus it 's not like the last account is active anymore .	I’ve seen several banned people get a new account and nothing bad came out of it, plus it’s not like the last account is active anymore.	0
this thread seems pretty dead lately. i think it would be cool to hear about anyone who has made any good friends from one of the cookouts .	This thread seems pretty dead lately. I think it would be cool to hear about anyone who has made any good friends from any of the cookouts.	0
This is from Stormfront 's Advanced Scout forum which is solely devoted to promoting PLE - and its local militant front Legionism .	This is from Stormfront’s Advanced Scout forum which is solely devoted to promoting PLE – and its local militant front Legionism.	0
No pictures yet .	No photos yet.	0
You should have posted in Rants to see a mix of WN/Anti responses	You should have posted in Rants to view a mix of WN/Anti replies	0
Hey..	Oh...	0
Judge says `` he 's overly found of children '' and lets him off with slap on wrist .	The judge says “he’s overly found of children” and lets him off with a slap on wrist.	0
1900 's i mean	1900 I mean	0
FBI : Chicago officially America 's murder capital | Fox News	FBI: Chicago officially America's murder capital, Fox News	0
dont you get cold when you step out from the water ??? i always figured i 'd freeze my butt off if i did !!!	Don’t you get cold when you step out of the water??? I always thought I’d freeze my ass off if I did!!!	0
Frederick neichzche embraced the notion that for a race to evolve there had to be a struggle to kill of the weaker elements to keep them from contaminating the gene pool. in the US one could say that there is a breeding program to breed dumb ghetto blacks .	Frederick Neichzche embraced the notion that for a race to evolve there had to be a struggle to kill of the weaker elements to keep it from contaminating the genetic pool.	1
I plan to add a few more books today as well	I plan to add some more books today as well.	0
I 'd love to speak with you .	I would love to talk to you.	0
If they were jew pieces of garbage who the hell cares what happened to them .	If they were Jewish pieces of garbage who hell cares what happened to them.	1
I've heard the name before but I too have no idea who she is .. one of the benefits of turning off the Talmudivision and watching very few modern movies	I’ve heard the name before but I too have no idea who she is... one of the benefits of turning off the Talmud division and watching very few modern movies	1
You can stop this by getting a dead pig and bury it underground where the mosque will be built .	You can stop this by getting a dead pig and buriing it underground where the mosque will be built.	1
I would meet ya. ^ _ ^ Lots of " `` work '' `` here lol .	I would meet ya. ^ ^ Lots of “ `` work ” ′′ here lol.	3
Has anyone else noticed how blacks mainly wait until their opponent gets tired while preserving their energy , and then attack while their opponent is weak ?	Has anyone else noticed how blacks mainly wait until their opponent gets tire while preserving their energy, and then attack while their opposition is weak?	3
It is important for people to realize that gays want gay marriage ..... not because they desire some sort of government paperwork , but because they are seeking the right to adopt defenseless children .	It is important for people to realize that gay people want gay marriage...not because they want some kind of government paperwork, but because they are seeking the right to adopt defenseless children.	1
No wonder we are in such bad shape with this tribe in charge of the White House and Congress .	No wonder we are in such bad shape with that tribe in charge of the White House and Congress.	1
If you can stand asians then you would find the school to be a breath of fresh air .	If you can stand Asians then you would find the school to be a breathe of fresh air.	1
i hate them .. ever since i once got beaten up by 6 of them .. real hero 's since then i because nazi	I hate them... ever since I once got beaten up by 6 of them... real hero’s since then I because Nazis	1
I never really thought about it before but I guess bicycling is primarily a white activity , kind of like sunbathing , going swimming , playing golf , tennis , attending a social function without a brawl taking place , not smelling like a wild animal in the locker room after a hard workout , and speaking proper English .	I never really thought about it before but I guess cycling is primarily a white activity, kind of like sunbathing, going swimming, playing golf, tennis, attending a social function without a fight taking place, not smelling like a wild animal in the wardrobe room after a hard workout, and speaking proper English.	1
I hate to see such beautiful white females become victims of these sick , violent merciless animals .	I hate to see such beautiful white women become victims of these sick, violent, merciless animals.	1
They 're probably as high-maintenance as one of those crappy old East German Trabants , though .	They’re probably as high-maintenance as one of those crappy old East German Trabans, though.	1
What about all the tens of millions of negroes that are nothing more than criminals and parasites that do nothing but breed more criminals and parasites ?	What about all the tens of millions of Negroes who are nothing more than criminals and parasites who do nothing but breed more criminals & parasites?	1
If you want to hear what a black `` intellectual '' ( lol ) sounds like , check out the woman in this video trying to debate Dr. William Shockley .	If you want to hear what a black “intellectual” (LOL) sounds like, check out the woman in this video trying to debate Dr. William Shockley.	1
I also , unfortuantely , spent 7-8th grade in a 95 % monkey house .	I also, unfortunately, spent 7-8th grade in a 95% monkey house.	1
The regime wants Germans to hate themselves , too bad that they are not already brown Muslims !	The regime wants Germans to hate themselves, too bad that they are not already brown Muslim!	1
Faggots are always pushing their homosexual agenda .	Faggots are always pressing their homosexual agenda.	1
I have never seen an Asian woman dating an Asian man.They like the white man they re-force wiggers and our detrimental towards our cause.Cpamikei	I have never seen an Asian woman dating an Asian man.They like the white man that they re-force wiggers and our detrimental towards our cause.	1
``MeineEhre heisst Treue Treue und Ehre bis Zum Tod Niemals aufgeben , niemals Reue Das haben wir uns einst geschworn '' Class song .	“Meine Ehre” is a song by the French singer, “True Treue und Ehre bis zum Tod Niemals aufgeben, niemals Reue Das haben wir uns einst geschworn”.	2
If half White non negro and Jew are Pro White and do n't reproduce then they are ok .	If half White non negro and Jew are Pro White, and do not reproduce then they are OK.	1
I have a dream - one of these days Black occupation of America will be history !	I have a dream – one of these days Black occupation of America is going to be history!	1
I can only pray this babboon mongoloid did n't have any children so his seed will not continue on on this Earth .	I can only pray this babboon mongoloid did not have any children so his seed will not continue on this Earth.	1
The only species that constantly grabs his crotch in front of others and waves their arms around furiously are : 1. monkeys 2. blacks 3. both of the above Need I say more ?	The only species that constantly grabs his crutch in front of others and waves their arms around furiously are: 1. monkeys 2. blacks 3. both of the above Need I say more?	1
agreed, there is no reason to make genocide of other races as long as they are in another country and have nothing to do with our affairs !	There is no reason to commit genocide of other races as long as they are in another country and have no connection with our affairs!	1
Absolutely, whenever i see a dirty white coon with dreadlocks i get the urge to grab him by his flea blanket head and head butt him senseless	Absolutely, whenever I see a dirty white coon with dreadlocks I get the urge to grab him by his flea blanket head and head ass him meaningless	1
You either stand with your people or they will stand over your dead body .	You either stand with your people, or they will stand over your dead corpse.	1
That or it might be that Blacks have smaller brains and an IQ 15-30 points lower than that of White people on average .	That or it might be that blacks have smaller brains and an IQ 15-30 points lower than the white people on average.	1
Save Ireland has a job he works for MSI are you saying their is a more important job than trying to stop the Immigration invasion into Ireland ?	Save Ireland has a job he works for MSI are you saying theirs is a more important job than trying to stop the Immigration invasion into Irish?	1
We need more of our kids on the honor role and in college , crowding out the non-W 's !	We need more of our children on the honor role and in college, crowding out the non-W’s!	1
Do you notice how the primate 's , I mean black kid 's arm is around the white girl ?	Do you notice how the primate’s, I mean black kid’s arm is around the white girl?	1
Nigdy nie spotkalem zadnego w Londynie .	Never spot a backpack in London.	2
You are white and you are better then them and the next time they harass you and someone else form a group of buddies and go up to the proncipal office .	You are white and you are better then them and the next time they harass you, and someone else form a group of friends and go up to the proncipal office.	1
Their aggressiveness is a massive reason for their ' success ' .	Their aggressiveness is a huge reason for their ‘success’.	1
yeah, maybe if you are Jewish They just warm up the old money printing press when they might feel like they are getting low .	Yes, maybe if you are Jewish They just warm up the old money press when they might feel like they are getting low.	1
So arid , so hot , so Mexican , and so colorless .	So arid, so hot, so Mexican, and so colorless.	3
I bet they wouldnt have done that crap to a black person that had black power or those black fists that the panthers use written on his back pack .	I bet they’t have done that shit to a black person who had black power or those black fists that the panthers use written on his backpack.	1
https://www.stormfront.org/forum/t1020784/ https : //www.stormfront.org/forum/t102 ... ghlight = sweden https : //www.stormfront.org/forum/t102 ... ghlight = sweden https : //www.stormfront.org/forum/t101 ... ghlight = sweden https : //www.stormfront.org/forum/t101 ... ghlight = sweden https : //www.stormfront.org/forum/t100 ... ghlight = sweden https : //www.stormfront.org/forum/t100 ... ghlight = sweden https : //www.stormfront.org/forum/t100 ... ghlight = sweden God save them .....	HTTPS://www.stormfront.org/forum/t1020784/ HTTP : //www.stimulator.org / forum/t102... ghlight = sweden HTTps : // www.symulator/forum /t102 / www.stortormfront/t101 / forum /t101... ghlights = swede HTTPs : //WEB www.Stimulant.org... ghlighter = swedish HTTS : //wEB www.stimulus.org.org /t100 / t100 / th100 /... ghlylight = Swedish https : //ww.stornfront.or / t101 / t101 / t110 / t111 / th101... ghlit = swedes https : / www.st	1
So that excludes uneducated third worlders .	So that excludes undiscovered third worlders.	1
https://www.stormfront.org/forum/show...t+20867&page=9 Just go to my post further down the page , Drug dealing , Murdering , Racemixing , Zionist/Masonic scumbags The last picture of the black orangemen , f * ckin hell i nearly split my sides laughing	https://www.stormfront.org/forum/show...t+20867&page=9 Just go to my post further down the page, Drug dealing, Murdering, Racemixing, Zionist/Masonic scumbags The last picture of the black orangemen, f * ckin hell I split my sides laughing	1
I've often pointed out that negroes are more stupid than I can even imagine if they actually think they 're gonna win any race war .	I have often pointed out that Negroes are more stupid than I can even imagine if they actually think they’re going to win any race war.	1
We need to eliminate all of those elements from the white race .	We need to eliminate all those elements from the white race.	1
Wrong !	wrongly! →	3
There will be hundreds of thousands of white people fleeing your proverbial sea of mud this is where we come in .	There will be hundreds of thousands of white people fleeing from your proverbial sea of mud this is where we come in.	1
Verdiløse snakk ?	A speechless speech?	2
I registered to make comment but there appear to have a critical error , o dear .	I registered to make a comment but there seems to be a critical error, o dear.	1
how could you have a debate with a nigerian woman ! pity i was listening in , should have been a good laugh listening to that person trying to hold a civilised conversation	How could you have a debate with a Nigerian woman! sorry I was listening in, should have been a good laugh listening to that person trying to hold a civilised conversation.	1
There is no different versions of bad when it comes to race traitors , if you date a non white it is bad , no matter if the non-white is asian , black or arab.	There are no different versions of bad when it comes to racial traitors, if you date a non-white it is bad, no matter if the non-White is Asian, black or Arab.	1
This is disgusting and Justin wants this to live here .	This is disgusting, and Justin wants this to live in here.	3
So sick of the way its working , I remember when I was growing up in Winnipeg the little shops were all white runned and owned and would hire people from the community and it was great it helped people and kept streets safe even though me and others would cause some bull * * * * it wasnt anything to how it is now .	So sick of the way it works, I remember when I was growing up in Winnipeg the little shops were all white run and owned and would hire people from the community and it was great it helped people and kept streets safe even though me and others would cause some bull * * * it wasnt anything to how it is now.	1
Don't take me wrong but a pig is a pig in any country and such is the actress who played the part on this show .	Don’t take me wrong but a pig is a pig in any country and that is the actress who played the part on this show.	1
i get what your saying and there are thousands of non irish here who will never contribute anything to this land .	I get what you say and there are thousands of non-Irish here who will never contribute anything to this land.	1
I just believe Kitchener , the once overwhelmingly white city has been ruined .	I just believe Kitchener, the once overwhelmingly white city has got ruined.	3
I will at least never willingly pay to see this propaganda , maybe just watch it for free to show the influence the jews have got in the white genocide to people .	I will at least never willingly pay to see this propaganda, maybe just watch it for free to show the influence the Jews have got in the white genocide on people.	1
Whites in all their glory against impossibly large hordes of non-whites .	White in all their glory against impossible large hordes of non-whites.	1
I think it 's time for some old west justice ... like takin ' these two sombitches out and ..... well , I think you get my point .....	I think it’s time for some old west justice... like takin’ these two sombitches out and..... well, I think you get my point.....	1
If I was Ukrainian , I 'd sign a pact with devil himself to get rid of jewdo-islam Putinistan AKA Russian Federation ....	If I were Ukrainian, I would sign a pact with the devil himself to get rid of the Jewish-Islamic Putinistan AKA Russian Federation.	1
These are sad times .	These Are Sad Times.	3
Better some overly polite White guy offering to tell you about the word of Joseph Smith than some nignog car jacking you .	Better some overly polite White guy offering to tell you the word of Joseph Smith than some nignog car jacking you.	1
Ukraine needs to rid itself of these Jewish Oligarchs .	Ukraine needs to get rid of these Jewish oligarchs.	1
Why dont we just put them in my spot and then drop a few bombs.I am serious they are making fools out of the Irish .	Why not we just put them in my place and then drop a few bombs.I am serious they are making foolish out of the Irish.	1
Is that couple in the second picture with the dark yellow background an Asian female with a White male or is it something that looks like it designed to send the same message ?	Is that couple in the second picture with the dark yellow background an Asian female and a white male or is it something that looks like it is designed to send the same message?	1
Valgt i Fredericia-kredsen i Vejle Amt , som Folketingets yngste medlem nogensinde .	I was elected to the Federation of the Netherlands, as the youngest member ever.	2
No Jew has ever found a way to force a big black females to parrot Marxist propaganda the way that little dumb liberal anti-whites will .	No Jew has ever found a way to force a big black female to paparazzi Marxist propaganda the way little stupid liberal anti-white will.	1
They only know how to destory our civilization .	They only know how they destroy our civilization.	1
It's probably a combination of the sexual tastes of homosexuals ( toward the adolescent ) in the agency , and the racial agenda of liberals in the agency .	It is probably a combination of the sexual tastes of homosexuals (toward the adolescent) in the agency, and the racial agenda of liberals in the Agency.	1
A primate was the fist to invent a stick in Africa , a black just stole it from him .	A primate was the fist to invent a sticks in Africa, a black man just stole it from him.	1
miscegination is a killer for all races. it destroys perfectly good DNA , even nonwhite DNA. we might need our diversity some day to save an entire species. it would be a shame if that DNA was destroyed becasue of some leftist ideal bullsnot	Miscegination is a killer for all races. it destroys perfectly good DNA, even non-white DNA. we might need our diversity someday to save an entire species. it would be a shame if that DNA was destroyed by some leftist ideal bullsnot	1
We have too many foreigners in our country and i fear for the future of all English people .	We have too many foreigners in our country, and I fear for the future of all English people.	1
The red scum will never wake up , ignorant lefties fight for `` their class '' when their making a mockery of their culture and heritage . commie scum ..	The red scum will never wake up, ignorant lefties fight for “their class” when their making a mocking of their culture and heritage.	1
The only way to stop it and its followers from spreading is to join a White unity organization and not support democracy by not voting .	The only way to stop it and its followers from spreading is to join a White unity organization and not support democracy by not voting.	1
Þá var Persaflóastríðið og miklir umbrotatímar í Sovétríkjunum .	Then was Persaflóastríðið og miklir umbrotatíímar í Sovétríkjunum.	2
Just as there 's a place for Pakis called Pakistan and a place for Negro 's called Africa .	Just as there is a place for Pakis called Pakistan and a place of Negro called Africa.	1
The only bad thing is that these sick animals will infect whites .	The only bad thing is that these ill animals will infect whites.	1
LOL GJ brother 10 points for the Uber humans and - 10 for the sub human ape creatures you are truly one bad mofo whitey crakker man	LOL GJ brother 10 points for the Uber humans and - 10 for sub human ape creatures you are really one bad mofo whitey crakker man	1
I noticed a lot of fat little white girls with monkey boyfriends .	I noticed a lot of fat little whites with monkey boyfriends.	1
I would rather have a white person with a high school diploma from an all white high school teach a kid to read than a negro with a college degree not teach a kid to read even while getting paid to do so .	I would rather have a white person with a high school diploma from a all-white high school teach a child to read than a negro with a college degree not teach a kid to read even while being paid to do so.	1
Regurgitation of good info is better than ingestion of jewish-disinformation .	Regurgitation of good information is better than ingestion of Jewish disinformation.	1
For all of liberals ' ranting about tribalism , they behave in a very tribal manner themselves .	For all of the liberals 'riding about tribalism, they behave in a very tribal way themselves.	1
Maybe H & K did not realize that blacks do n't buy firearms , they steal them .	Maybe H&K didn’t realize that blacks don’t buy firearms, they steal them.	1
No wonder Black dudes go for White chicks - they only have to punch them a few times to knock them out !	No wonder black guys go for white chickens – they only have to punch them a few times to knock out them!	1
I for one plan to hang the last jew with the guts of the last capitalist .	I for one plan to hang the last Jew with the brains of the last capitalist.	1
I would like to say and I can proudly say that there are no jews in Iceland , those that tried to get here were all sent back to Germany ...	I would like to say and I can proudly say that there are no Jews in Iceland, those who tried to get here were all sent back to Germany...	1
Go to any major retail mall , the Kitchener farmers market , etc , and its absolutely teeming with non whites ( asians , blacks , hispanics , muslims of all colours , and God knows what else ) and race mixers , and yes I hate to say this but from what I saw the other day many more white women doing the race mixing than white men .	Go to any major retail mall, the Kitchener farmers market, etc, and its absolutely crowded with non-whites (Asians, blacks, Hispanics, Muslims of all colors, and God knows what else) and race mixers, and yes I hate to say this but from what I saw the other day many more white women doing the race mixing than white men.	1
I live in a large American city and it has gotten so bad that it is to the point where we are not just a minority .	I live in a large American city and it has gotten so poor that it is to the point where we are not just a minority.	1
Hispanic and Negro populations in that county ?	Hispanic and Negre populations in that county?	3
Did they put that Groid 15 next to Rooney just to make Rooney look at least half-human ?	Did they put that Groid 15 next to Rooney just to make Rooney look at least half-human?	1
He is a pathetic little chimp .	He is a patetic little chimp.	1
These ' people ' are just scum .	These “people” are just scum.	1
It 's another way to destroy Hungarians on top of promoting * * * * * * music , race mixing and pornography .	It’s another way to destroy Hungarians on top of promoting music, racial mixing and pornography.	1
Their gods often had pale skin and blue eyes but I suppose literacy is n't valued highly by their cultural intelligencia .	Their gods often had pale skin and blue eyes but I supposedly literacy is not highly valued by their cultural intelligencia.	1
YouTube - Brussels on 9/11 : For a free Europe , against Islamization	Brussels on 9/11: For a free Europe, against Islamization	1
Seriously, this guy is VERY primitive even for a Black .	Seriously, this guy is very primitive even for a black.	1
ok, so do we need to kill them too or are the slavs okay ? for some reason whenever i hear the word slav , the word slobber comes to mind and i picture a slobbering half breed creature like the humpback of notre dame or Igor haha	Okay, so do we need to kill them too or are the slaves okay? for some reason whenever I hear the word slave, the word slobber comes to mind and I picture a slobbering half-race creature like the humpback of notre dame or Igor haha	1
That 's your real religion and you worship that false god above everything else every day .	That’s your true religion and you worship that false god over everything else every day.	1
A lot of white women are trying to create danger by drawing these other people into our countries .	A lot of white women are trying to create dangers by drawing these other people into our countries.	1
Our enemies have used RACE against us and are currently trying to destroy our RACE through a variety of different means .	Our enemies have used RACE against us and are currently attempting to destroy our RACE through a variety of different means.	1
The chairman of the FA is one David Bernstein and , yes , he is a member of a certain tribe that delight in bringing diversity and the benefits of multi-culturalism and ' anti-racism ' , along with boatloads of third-worlders to Britain .	The chairman of the FA is one David Bernstein and, yes, he is a member of a certain tribe that delights in bringing diversity and the benefits of multiculturalism and 'anti-racism', along with boatloads of third-worlders to Britain.	1
Oh yeah , no mugshot picture on the page of course , you have to watch the video report to find out it was yet another case of TNB .	Oh yeah, no mugshot picture on the page of course, you have to watch the video report to find out it was yet another case of tnb.	1
Its only a matter of time until we become a hell hole like Sweden or the UK .	It is only a matter of time until we become a hole in hell like Sweden or the UK.	1
Maybe spread some HATE and intolerance ?	Maybe spreading some HATE and intolerance?	1
it is down to the EU.we have no say anymore on any piece of scum coming into the country as long as they have an EU passport	We have no say anymore on any piece of scum coming into the country so long as they have an EU passport	1
My wife showed me a Kibble 's - n - Bits commercial last night wherein a mixed couple was presented as `` normal . ''	My wife showed me a Kibble’s – n – Bits commercial last night in which a mixed couple was presented as “normal.”	1
If they want to fire all these leftist moonbats and replace them with genuine White conservatives , I 'm all for it .	If they want to fire all these leftist moonbats and replacement them with genuine white conservatives, I’m all for it.	1
Let the Apes use their long arms to throw their monkey punches , and let us Whites use wrestling takedowns and submissions .	Let the Apes use their long arms to throw their monkey punches, and let us Whites use wrestling takedowns and submissions.	1
there was this gay negro i was forced to work with on my first job out of high school here in sunny florida .	There was this gay negro I was forced to work with on my first job out of high School here in sunny florida.	1
Imagine the groids licking their big lips when they see all those unsuspecting tourists walking around .	Imagine the groids licking their big lips as they see all those unsuspecting tourists walking around.	1
Their is a group of people behind the scenes orchestrating your destruction and they are using non Whites as tools to accomplish their agenda .	Their is a group of people behind the scenes orchestrating your destruction and they are using non-Whites as tools to accomplish their agenda.	1
It's going to take everyone working together to beat the New World Order .	It will take everyone to work together to beat the New World Order.	1
Good news is that census reports suggest whites are still the least likely to race mix .	The good news is that census reports suggest white people are still the least likely to mix races.	3
We should have a new version of the old Plantation system where every white person on earth makes millions of dollars off of the enslaved labor of all the non-Whites in the world .	We should have a new version of the old Plantation system where every white person on earth makes million dollars off of the enslaved labor of all the non-whites in the world.	1
I just wanted to say hello to The Jew is Evil .	I just wanted to say goodbye to The Jew is Evil.	1
Like I said before I 'd bet 90 % + have Liberal parents .	As I said before I’d bet 90% + have Liberal parents.	1
Jeeze its worst than the UK .	Jeeze is worse than the UK.	3
Geesh , they 'd let a gorilla into UCLA for the sake of `` Diversity '' as long as it got a body wax .	Geesh, they’d let a gorilla into UCLA for the sake of “Diversity” as long as it got a body wax.	1
This is a sickening trend , even in countries like mine where there are not many Negroes they do this and all because of the sickening media brainwashing .	This is a sicking trend, even in countries like mine where there are not many Negroes they do this and all because the sick media brainwashing.	1
We spent too much time and effort worrying about Blacks while the Asians and Hispanics , were the ones carrying the ball .	We spent too much time and effort worrying about blacks while the Asians and Hispanics, were the ones carrying the ball.	1
These idiots are doing this to hasten Armageddon so they can get a free ride to heaven .	These idiots are doing this to hasten Armagedon so they can get a free ride to heaven.	1
Let the non-whites pollute their bodies with that garbage .	Let the non-white pollute their bodies with that garment.	1
The worst thing about the present immigration is that it 's spread all over the country .	The worst thing about the current immigration is that it’s spread all over the country.	1
On a short holiday , Go back and do something about your own country and stop putting crap on our doorstep !	On a short holiday, go back and do something about your own country and stop putting shit on our doorstep!	1
I was really worried about this one because I thought a bunch of groids were going to hop out of the cars signifying the town to get so excited and the women to remove clothing ....	I was really worried about this one because I thought a bunch of groids were going to jump out of the cars meaning the town to get so excited and the women to remove clothes.	1
Deport all Indians back to India and make them pay for the trip .	Deport all Indians back to the country and make them pay for the trip.	1
i hope our patriots will throu eggs at them and will say some thing like get out to the jungle or i think our coach will make them to go to the trainnig at minus - 30C or - 50F that they uuuu will never be able to play agane and will fly to africa after first tranning 2508	I hope our patriots will throw eggs at them and will say something like get out to the jungle or I think our coach will make them go to the trainnig at minus - 30C or - 50F that they will never be able to play agane and will fly to Africa after first tranning 2508	1
Dunnes strikers to attend funeral - BelfastTelegraph.co.uk Lets hope these reds are n't mistaken for the usual white targets of these jungle savages !	Dunnes strikers to attend funeral - BelfastTelegraph.co.uk Let's hope these reds are not mistaken for the usual white targets of these jungle savages!	1
Even the queers in small towns have been emboldened to go out and peddle the homosexual agenda .	Even the queers in small towns have been encouraged to go out and peddle the homosexual agenda.	1
You have to defend yourself with riots happening across the country and invaders flooding across our borders .	You have to defend yourself with riots happening across our country and invaders flooding across the borders.	1
It 's annoying to live in a time where a subhuman monkey coon thinks it 's okay to hit an Aryan white blond , blue-eyed child .	It’s annoying to live in a time when a subhuman monkey coon thinks it’s okay to hit an Arian white blonde, blue-eyed child.	1
That all changes when they have to live around them .	That everything changes when they have to be around them.	3
I always thought it was be fun to put on a minstrel show , a little entertainment showing things how they really are without black/jew/fag involvment . . if it ever gets put together i 'll be sure to tape and and pass it around for all to enjoy	I always thought it would be fun to put on a minstrel show, a little entertainment showing things how they really are without black/jew/fag involvement... if it ever gets put together I’ll be sure to tape and pass it around for all to enjoy	1
But what do you expect with a homosexual Muslim as the mayor ?	But what do you expect from a gay Muslim as mayor?	1
Their stories have been told before , so instead of showing the pics of the non WHITE garbage that took from them , I am just going to post their pics so they will not be forgotten .	Their stories have been told before, so instead of showing the pictures of the non-white garbage that took from them, I’m just going to post their pictures so they won’t be forgotten.	1
Its disgusting they these foreigners come over here , stamp their feet and jump above good Irish families and get what they want .	It’s disgusting that these foreigners come over here, stamp their feet and jump over good Irish families and get what they want.	1
You forgot to add that they spread disease and their poor hygiene causes pest infestations , then there is rampant drug use and sexual assaulting white women and children .	You forgot to add that they spread disease and their poor hygiene causes pest infestations, then there is rampant drug use and sexual assaulting white women and children.	1
I wonder if this guy still thinks the Jews are a good thing after the Jews just tried to start a war between NATO and Russia ?	I wonder if this guy still thinks the Jews are a good deal after the Jeux just tried to start a war between NATO and Russia?	1
Raising 1 healthy , racially aware child is worth more than all the libtard and mud children in the world .	Raising a healthy, racially conscious child is worth more than all the libtard and mud children on earth.	1
Don't eat a Snickers candy bar ... it will turn you into a negro ! ( Also has the obligatory White doofus guy at the end. )	Don’t eat a Snickers candy bar... it will turn you into a negro! (also has the mandatory White doofus guy at the end.)	1
I'm insulted by how stupid the Jews think we are until I see what they see by reading the posts amongst our so-called , `` Awakened Brethren . ''	I am insulted by how stupid the Jews think we are until I see what they see by reading the post among our so-called, “Awakened Brothers.”	1
Hi Im tv free do n't have kids yet reading mending , sewing , menting board games radio study extra curricula actives Good on you for planning a FREE jewv existence	Hi Im tv free do not have kids yet reading redressing, sewing, menting board games radio study extra curricula actives Good on you for planning a FREE jewwv existence	1
.	by	2
In all likelyhood , it 's jews painting the road of skank for her to follow .	In all probability, it's Jews painting the road of skank for her to go.	1
All of our tim hortons are staffed by those nast filipinos and every single town is full of Indians and asians .	All of our tim hortons are staffed by those nasty Filipinos and every single town is full of Indians and Asians.	1
The blacks and browns are detroying sweden and nobody does anything about it ! : madex : madex : madex	The black and brown are detroying Sweden and nobody does anything about it! : madex : madeX : made	1
Jag har inte själv varit med någon gång men jag har stor respekt för de som deltar .	I have not been with any time, but I have great respect for those who participate.	2
Call the jackass and tell him about hundreds of thousands of foreign nationals who have invaded our country and laid seige to our cities on May 1 .	Call the jackass and tell him about hundreds of thousands of foreign nationals that have invaded our country and laid siege to our cities on May 1.	1
Why do n't White Europeans and Americans grow a set of balls , and deport these Black and brown animals from their countries ?	Why don’t white Europeans and Americans grow a set of balls, and deport these black and brown animals from their countries?	1
``Tuleistu minu kõrvale '' ?	“Tuleistu minu kõrval”	2
Separation is the only answer !	Separation Is the Only Answer!	1
TNB !	by TNB! →	3
The whites are who are blamed for let them in their countries .	The white are the ones who are blamed for letting them in their countries.	3
I now only go into the city when i have to and i had to yesterday and I could not belive what has happend in there .I think i must have seen every peice of dirt from every corner of the globe in there it was horrible .	I now only go into the city when I have to and I had to yesterday and I couldn’t believe what has happened there.I think I must have seen every pebble of dirt from every corner of the globe there it was horrible.	1
I dont believe i or anyone living today brought you here or wanted you here .	I don’t believe I or anyone living today brought you here or want you here.	1
Sysselmannen på Svalbard .	The Sysselmannen on Svalbard.	2
its simple , your white. your genetic code doesnt include a racial commitment to crime. be glad and for for those reasons. this is what society has turned into. take a stand and defend your race. we must secure the existence of our people and a future for white children.-david lane white racial loyalty starts here keep it white	your genetic code does not include a racial commitment to crime. be happy and for those reasons. this is what society has turned into. take a stand and defend your race. we must secure the existence of our people and a future for white children.	1
Traitors are pathetic ignorant fools , and negroes are fools because they are starting to literally bite the hands that feed them .	Traitors are pathetic ignorant fools, and Negroes are fools because they are literally starting to bite the hands that feed them.	1
i live near albany but i could hang out with u if u want we could beat upsome unpure infidels if you would like	I live near Albany but I could hang out with you if you want we could beat upsome unpure infidels if you wish	1
Our school systems are nothing more then breeding grounds for the slave system the zionist are determined to create .	Our school systems are nothing more than breeding grounds for the slave system the Zionists are determined to create.	1
White kids need to interact with kneegrows and other non white kids or they 'll be lost in the real come the time they leave home ...	White children need to interact with kneegrows and other non-white children or they’ll be lost in the real come the time they leave home.	1
The rag-heads dont have the numbers to kick off in Ireland yet , but when they do , you will know all about it .	The rag-heads don’t have the numbers to kick off in Ireland yet, but when they do, you’ll know everything about it.	1
Another black is now trying to convince me that black slaves were force-fed animal lard through huge tubes and had their hands and feet cut off so they could work in the cotton fields without running away	Another black is now trying to convince me that black slaves were forcibly fed animal lard through huge tubes and had their hands and feet cut off so they could work in the cottone fields without running away.	1
i live up the block from a muslim mask. every friday they rule the streets. they think that they can walk anywhere they want and if your are white they give you a look just klike when you pass through a black neighborhood. they are the same as them nigs	Every Friday they rule the streets. they think they can walk wherever they want and if yours are white they give you a look just click when you pass through a black neighborhood. they are the same as them nigs	1
i use it as way to intimidae jew to show them that there are still people who are aginst them it did originate in Roman it was called the wariors salute	I use it as a way to intimidae Jew to show them that there are still people who are aginst them it did originate in Romans it was called the wariors salut	1
I'm glad to hear about my brothers being ready to fight like that , lets just hope in the future these immigrants with no right will get something good enough so they 'll finally leave	I’m glad to hear about my brothers being ready to fight like that, let only hope in the future these immigrants with no right will get something good enough so they’ll finally leave.	1
Im surprised C18 wasnt mentioned , they always are when the OB smash the EVIL neo = nazis Yellow press at its best	Im surprised C18 wasnt mentioned, they always are when the OB smashes the EVIL neo = nazis Yellow press at its best.	1
Hey guys please go here to help us send the Mexicans back to Mexico .	Hey guys please come here to help us send the Mexicans home.	1
The link in my sig lne `` Christian Identity and Identifying the jew '' explains this	The link in my signe lne "Christian Identity and Identifying the Jew" explains this.	1
We can work together and look after each other which blacks cant. We can think as individuals and do things because they are right and not because we are told to , which asians cant.	We can think as individuals and do things because they are right and not because we are told to, which Asians cant.	1
I was escorted from the camp/jail by 2 polish policeman as denying/questioning the hoax-acuast is illegal .	I was escorted from the camp/ jail by 2 Polish policemen as denying/questioning the hoax-acuast is illegal.	1
Deanna Spingola and Dr. Lorraine Day - Zionism , the Holocaust , Aids and Vaccines YouTube - Deanna Spingola and Dr. Lorraine Day - Zionism , the Holocaust , Aids and Vaccines Listen/watch the full interview @ Deanna Spingola and Dr. Lorraine Day - Zionism , the Holocaust , Aids and Vaccines : Free Download & Streaming : Internet Archive www.DrDay.com www.GoodNewsAboutGod.com	Deanna Spingola and Dr. Lorraine Day - Zionism, the Holocaust, AIDS and Vaccines YouTube - Deanna spingola & Dr. lorraine day - ZIONISM, the holocaust, AIDS & Vaccins Listen/watch the full interview @ Deanna SPINGOLA and Dr Lorraines day - SIONISME, the HOLOCAUST, AIDS &VACINES : Free Download & Streaming : Internet Archive www.DrDay.com www.GoodNewsAboutGod.com	1
Breaks the heart ...	Breaking the Heart...	3
The have no concept of honour or of having respect for the feelings of others .	They have no concept of honor or of having respect for the feelings of other people.	1
Lying Marxists !	The Marxists are lying!	1
I do n't know if the person that said that ever leaves the house , but all I ever see are black guys and Mexicans everywhere .	I don’t know if the person who said that ever leaves the house, but all I ever see are black guys and Mexicans everywhere.	1
It 's usually not consensual .	It is usually not consensus.	3
Though I have had problems at one or two that were groid infested elsewhere getting stale bread etc so will no go to any that have lotsof groids working in them .	Although I have had problems at one or two that were groid infested elsewhere getting stale breads etc so will not go to any who have lotsof groids working in them.	1
http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/africa/6217719.stm There you have it folks , Nigeria is acting like one big ghetto queen squeezing out more baby negroes for a bigger handout from the government .	http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/africa/6217719.stm There you have it people, Nigeria is acting like one big ghetto queen squeezing out more baby negres for a bigger handout from the government.	1
Pornography and prostitution should be outlawed as the jewish filth that it is . _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ nazi.org.uk	Pornography and prostitution should be outlawed as the Jewish dirt that it is. _ _ _	1
So please Zuma be a good little kaffir and take their land	So please Zuma be a nice little kaffir and take their lands	1
We do not want `` assimilation '' .	We do not want “assimilation.”	1
Nevermind, found the new page Knew it had to be a groid .... any report of rape ?	Nevermind, found the new page Knew it must be a groid... any report of rape?	1
The majority of them are as stupid as real Negroes .	Most of them are as stupid as true Negroes.	1
How on earth can they be Swedes when they are the result of race treason ?	How on earth can they be Swedes if they are the result of racial betrayal?	1
There's something so gross and such an assault on the senses as the sound of an European romance language coming from the mouths of savages ! . .	There is something so gross and such an assault on the senses as the sound of a European romantic language coming from the mouths of the savages.	1
Because the communist party was almost all jew out to kill any gentile that stood in their way or had property that the jew - communist wanted .	Because the Communist Party was almost all Jew out to kill any Gentile who stood in their way or had property that the Jewish-Communist wanted.	1
Typical i suppose in the eyes of the law he is just another tourist beaten on sydneys streets oh yeah and we all know if it was a poor black fella bashed it would be on the news for weeks on end and mr whitey would be branded a big bad evil racist	Typical I suppose in the eyes of the law he is just another tourist beaten on Sydney’s streets oh yeah and we all know if it was a poor black fella bashed it would be on the news for weeks at the end and Mr. Whitey would be branded a big bad evil racist	1
These feral negroes stalk white women , rape and kill and , no one seems willing to stop them .	These wild Negroes stalk white women, rape and kill and, no one seems willing to stop them.	1
I could n't imagine living in those conditions with drugs and filthy negros everywhere .	I couldn’t imagine living in those conditions with drugs and dirty blacks everywhere.	1
The Indian teenager was showing the Caucasian American girl how to dissolve cow dung in water , and then use a broom to spread the filth all over the floor of their house .	The Indian teenager was showing the Caucasian American girl how to dissolve cow dung into water, and then use a slurry to spread the dirt all over the floor of their house.	3
A public execution for these animals would go a LONG way to point to justice being done ; it would never bring the girl back ; but I guarantee it would send a message ............................	A public execution for these animals would go a LONG way to point to justice being done; it would never bring the girl back; but I guarantee it would send a message........................................................	1
that is the sadest news i have ever heard in my entire life , ireland not a white country. its like saying the world is ending	That’s the saddest news I’ve ever heard in my whole life, Ireland not a white country.	1
Every f * cking school child knows that the Globe is round , only total PIZDAS do n't .	Every school child knows that the Globe is round, only total PIZDAS do not.	1
SEX: MALE RACE : BLACK D.O.B : 08-24-1950 HEIGHT : 5 ' 11 WEIGHT : 180 EYE : BROWN HAIR BLACK In Custody For : 001 MISDEMEANOR COUNT OF CRIMINAL TRESPASS 2ND DEG This dude looks like an olde version of Cornielious from `` Planet of the Apes '' !	SEX: MALE RACE : BLACK D.O.B : 08-24-1950 HEIGHT : 5'11 WEIGHTE : 180 EYE : BRONN HAIR BLACK IN CUSTODY For : 001 MISDEMEANOR COUNT OF CRIMINAL TRESPASS 2ND DEG This guy looks like an old version of Cornielious from "Planet of the Apes"!	1
God knows what would come out of Africa if only blacks could come up with investigative journalism .	God knows what would come out of Africa if only black people could come up with investigative journalism.	1
Pakis asians and even jungle bunnies come in and * * * * starts getting weird .	Pakis Asians and even jungle rabbits come in and * * ** begins to get weird.	1
The indians and stanis will just spit all over the street .	The Indians and Stanis will just spit all over street.	1
He allowed his wife to bring a black male into his home and he had a daughter ?	He allowed his wife to bring a black man into his home and he had a daughter.	3
Damn I was so looking forward to using a sharp rock tied to a stick but ok I promise I wont use any of your wondrous inventions if you stop using everything my race invented .	Damn I was so looking forward to using a sharp rock tied to a stick but ok I promis I won’t use any of your wondrous inventions if you stop using everything my race invented.	3
Islam is a false religion however unlike some other false religions it is crude and appeals to crude people such as arabs .	Islam is a false religion but unlike some other false religions it is crude and appeals for crude people such as Arabs.	1
Then , we can look forward to cases of Multi-Drug Resistant ( MDR ) and Extensively Drug Resistant ( XDR ) TB to become common diseases .	Then, we can look forward to cases of Multi-Drug Resistant (MDR) and Extensively Drug Resisting (XDR) TB to become common diseases.	3
They laugh at whites who obey the law , bother to get married , women who are chaste .	They laugh at white people who obey the law, bother to get married, women who are chaste.	1
All of the security guards i see are white but maybe , just maybe , i 'm blessed because no doubt these negro security guards abuse their power .	All the security guards I see are white but maybe, just maybe, I’m blessed because no doubt these negro security guard abuse their power.	1
Do n't come down too hard and alienate him , just keep a light hearted attitude and let him know that you find his actions disgusting .	Don’t come down too hard and alienate him, just keep a light hearted attitude and let him know that you find his actions repugnant.	1
Its simple , they want to create white guilt , .	Its simple, they want to create white guilty,	1
The jew is attempting to make the condemned beg for the noose .	The Jew is trying to make the condemned beg for the nuts.	1
It made me sick looking at all the Blacks and Asians .	It made me sick looking on all the blacks and Asians.	1
I was basically a babysitter , and the apes went nuts , and frankly , I could not control them and had to press the panic button twice to get someone to help me .	I was basically a babysitter, and the monkeys went nuts, and frankly, I couldn’t control them and had to press the panic button twice to get someone to help me.	1
There are things we can do to stop the rapes that occur when blacks and other non whites con white women and girls into getting in cars with them etc For a start teach our women to respect themselves .	There are things we can do to stop the rape that occurs when blacks and other non-whites con white women and girls into getting in cars with them etc. For a start teach our women to respect themselves.	1
Have you noticed when white 's beat on blacks they usually end it with one punch and then leave the ape alone .	Have you noticed when white’s beat on blacks they usually end it with one punch, and then leave the monkey alone.	1
With Black girls it takes a baseball bat - who carries a mu-ff' in baseball bat on a date ??	With black girls it takes a baseball bat – who carries a mu-ff’ in basebalt bat on a date?	1
Look at this cultural incongruity from Plymouth . VIDEO : Plymouth celebrates St George 's Day with music and dancing in the streets | This is Plymouth	Watch this cultural incongruity from Plymouth. VIDEO : Plymauth celebrates St George's Day with music and dancing in the streets.	1
They should make all know about this book his friends as that they know like are the things , we need that all the whites know like they are the things and the Jewish threat and negroid on our race .	They should make all know about this book his friends as that they know like are the things, we need that all the whites know as they are the stuff and the Jewish threat and negroid on our race.	1
Major chimp-out at hip hop awards .	Major chimp- out at hip hop awards.	1
I think the only connection homosexuality has to Christianity , in this country , is the large proportion of paedophiles being representatives of Christian churches .	I think the only connection homosexuality has to Christianity, in this country, is the large proportion of pedophiles being representatives of Christian churches.	1
God forbid anyone should promote straight racially loyal hetrosexuality Diablo	God forbid anyone should promote straight racally loyal heterosexuality	1
Im living in Burnaby , all i see is Chinamen everywhere ... what happened to the great colony built by the British Empire ?	In living in Burnaby, all I see is Chinese everywhere...what happened to the great colony built by the British Empire?	1
Is n't that terrible ?	Isn’t that terrible?	3
i have been talking about it for years. the filthy muslims putting their sight on africa. in some ways they are worst then blacks .	I have been talking about it for years. the dirty Muslims putting their sight on Africa. in some ways they are worst then blacks.	1
White + Asian DOES NOT make white babies .	White + Asian DO NOT make white babies.	1
The jews represent everything vile , deviant and unnatural , everything and anything that is an abomination to our Lord Jesus Christ , I hope he is burning with his father in hell .	The Jews represent everything vile, deviant and unnatural, everything and anything that is an abomination to our Lord Jesus Christ, I hope he is burning with his father in hell.	1
When I am around young people and rap music or negro culture comes up I make gestures implying the savagery of blacks .	When I am around young people and rap music or negro culture comes out I make gestures implying the savagery of blacks.	1
Your history teacher has to do what the zionist butt heads want them to do .	Your history teacher has to do what the Zionist butt heads want them to do.	1
The anti-whites have been using education for decades to brainwash Whites against their own race .	The anti-whites have been using education for years to brainwash white against their own race.	1
if its such a big deal that you need to talk about it , yes. you are a non-white. you might as well be fully mongol .	If it’s such a big deal that you need to talk about it, yes. you’re a non-white. you might also be fully Mongol.	1
I stumbled n this by accident Absolute savages and yet you will have all the liberal women saying how great multiculturalism is and we are all the same Le TÃ © lÃ © gramme - France - Montpellier ( 34 ) .	I stumbled upon this by accident Absolute savages and yet you will have all the liberal women saying how great multiculturalism is and we are the same Le TÃ © lÃ © gramme - France - Montpellier (34).	1
I heard from friends in Boston this is true.Blacks will attack an Irish America with a shamrock tattoo.How long before this happens in Ireland ?	I heard from friends in Boston this is true.Blacks will attack a Irish America with a shamrock tattoo.How long before this happens in Ireland?	1
i SEE UTV DID NOT POST MY COMMENTS TYPICAL SPREAD THE WORD THROUGHOUT IRELAND RUN THESE INVADERS OUT GO HOME AFGANIES WOULD YOU SEE US DOING THIS IN YOUR COUNTRY ??????????????????????????????????????????? ??	I SEE UTV DID NOT POST MY COMMENTS TYPICAL SPREAD THE WORD THROUGH IRELAND RUN THESE INVADERS OUT GO HOME AFGANISES WOULD YOU SEE WE DOING THIS IN YOUR COUNTRY?????????????????????????????????????????????????	1
This guy seems to get it but otherwise : Sorry jigs , you 're on your own	This guy seems to get it but otherwise: Sorry jigs, you're on your own	1
Yeah, after losing peanut butter as their claim to fame , they 'll have to fall back on the Super Soaker .	Yeah, after losing peanut butter as their claim for fame, they’ll have to fall back on the Super Soaker.	1
I know how you feel BreakTheSilence luckily this is your last year in school and it is almost over otherwise I would say you should look into independent study where you do not have to put up with all the filth that is in the public education system .	I know how you feel, fortunately this is your last year in school and it is almost over otherwise I would say you should look into independent study where you don’t have to put up with all the dirt that is in the public education system.	1
Glædelig jul !	Happy Christmas to you!	2
They are culturally raping european countries in every way .	They are culturally raped European countries in every way.	1
We have already taken too much that we do n't need any of those people on our soil .	We have already taken too much that we do not need any of those people on our soil.	1
They preach diversity at their professor jobs and government jobs and it makes those White Liberal Neighborhoods and gated communities TOO white and in need of some `` Black flavor '' at home the joy of diversity right in their White daughter 's bedroom !	They preach diversity at their professor jobs and government jobs and it makes those White Liberal Neighborhoods and gated communities too white and in need of some “Black flavor” at home the joy of diversity right in their White daughter’s bedroom!	1
There are places where you can walk around all day and not see a single white face .	There are places where you can walk around the whole day and not see a single white face.	3
Both Asians and whites are composed and calm and blacks seem to have no self control .	Both Asians and whites are composed, calm and black seem to have no self-control.	1
Everyone in Ireland has a duty to make life as difficult for blacks as possible if our children are too have any kind of future .	Everyone in Ireland has a duty to make life as difficult as possible for blacks if our children are too having any kind of future.	1
Only in the mind of the INTERNATIONAL JEW could such an evil machination , with its ticker tape parade of lies , be cooked up !	Only in the mind of the INTERNATIONAL JEW could such a evil machination, with its ticker tape parade of lies, be cooked up!	1
I could never picture the site of one of the women of the Holy Rus shacking up with some Islamic mud from that fithy , impoverished , and godforsaken mountainous * * * * hole !	I could never imagine the site of one of the women of the Holy Rus shaving up with some Islamic mud from that fithy, impoverished, and godforsaken mountainous hole!	1
Jews are not only insane , they are of literal demonic DNA .	Jews are not only insane, they are of literal demonic DNA.	1
well im glad to hear there are more youth in our world and lets all hope those mudds and niggs go to h-e-l-l	well im glad to hear there are more youth in our world and let all hope those mudds and niggs go to h-e-l-L	1
The worst thing about this is that every single one of our beautiful cities in ALL of our countries now look like this .	The worst thing about this is that every single one of the beautiful cities in ALL of our countries now look like this.	1
No doubt the bulk of her votes came from the ever growing chinese immigrant community around Belfast .	No doubt the majority of her votes came from the ever-growing Chinese immigrant community around Belfast.	3
OSLO TURNING INTO A MAJOR CRIMINAL MUSLIM MECCA	Oslo becomes a major criminal Muslim Mecca	1
It is a total disgrace when tax-payer dollars can go to promoting such degenerate filth .	It is a total disgrace when taxpayer dollars can go to promote such degenerate dirt.	1
How can the Jews be the same as God 's people when they are tring to kill them ?	How can the Jews be the same as God’s people when they are trying to kill them?	1
They are both cultural threats	Both are cultural threats.	1
I hope all their farms burn down and their nappy headed children squandle in the flames .	I hope all their farms burn down and their puppy-headed children squander in the flames.	1
All you liberals care about is `` Diversity . ''	All you liberal people care about is “Diversity.”	1
Yep the bottom line is without a strong family behind her a young girl is very vulnerable .. The Jew knows this and Glamorises the Negro using its media power , here we see the results .	Yes the bottom line is without a strong family behind her a young girl is very vulnerable.. The Jew knows that and glamors the Negro using its media power, here we see the results.	1
Typical Negro .	Typically black.	1
You are the loyal punk to dead men that would underbid your labor with slaves of the negro race .	You are the loyal punk to dead men who would undermine your labor with slaves of the negro race.	1
I am White and I believe all White people know the difference between right and wrong no matter what they say about their political positions.We are facing genocide as a people and the infighting is just loved by non Whites .	I am White and I believe all White people know the difference between right and wrong no matter what they say about their political position.We are facing genocide as a people and the infighting is just loved by non-Whites.	1
Something must be done to halt this terrible wave of immigrants entering Britain .	Something must be done to stop this terrible wave of immigrants entrance to Britain.	1
There were 2 good things about Yugoslavia .	There were two good things about Yugoslavian.	3
Too many libtards , I would n't waste my time there .	Too many libtards, I’t waste my time there.	1
I was so shocked to see all those blacks when i moved to Holland : S	I was so shocked to see all these blacks when I moved to Holland :S	1
It is the Asians in White countries that bug me .	It is the Asians of the White countries that bug me.	1
Well I wonder if its started messing with the daughter yet .	I wonder if it has started messing up with the daughter yet.	1
Does it surprise you that those White hating non-whites still want to live in White countries made GREAT by White people and brought low by non-whites ?	Is it surprising that those White hating non-whites still want to live in White countries made GROW by White people and brought low by non-Whites?	1
Then we will create a Marxist style school system to further dumb them down and reduce them to obedient global citizens .	Then we will create a Marxist-style school system to further demean them and reduce them to obedient global citizens.	1
I hear the jews are looking to open a Holohoax center in Antarctica next year .	I hear the Jews are looking to open a Holohoax center on Antarctica next year.	1
ZOG is getting rid of every White-dominated area in the world .	ZOG is getting rid of every white-dominated area in the world.	1
As a nation , we are in desperate need for an immigration time out and a zero tolerance policy for those here illegally .	As a nation, we are in desperate need for an immigration time out and a Zero Tolerance policy for those here illegally.	1
Keep Russia free from dark skinned beings !!!! thank you and please forgive me for mistakes .	Keep Russia free from dark skinned beings!!! thank you and please forgive me for mistakes.	1
Yes, I hope and pray that my country will stay clean as long as possible .	Yes, I hope and pray that our country will stay clean as long as possible.	3
YouTube - Broadcast Yourself .	YouTube – Broadcast Your.	2
They sound so naive , when will they learn that these people do not want to intergrate just accumulate .	They sound so naive, when will they learn that these people don’t want to integrate just accumulate.	1
50 shades of brown	50 Shades of Brown	1
Their identity is the Liberal Tribe , and they seek out and morally support other members of their tribe .	Their identity is the Liberal Tribe, and they seek out and morally support other members of their tribes.	1
Got to laugh at how he is saying about how forward thinking and how much egyptians love democracy when they are about to hand power to a bunch of hard line Islamic fundamentalists who are more backward and worse than the last mob you Could n't make it up	I have to laugh at how he is saying about how forward thinking and how much Egyptians love democracy when they are about to hand over power to a bunch of hardline Islamic fundamentalists who are more backward and worse than the last mob you could not make it up.	1
Your White and went to an all black school and had no problem ?	Your White and went to a all black school and had no problem?	3
Blacks seem to be hell bent on embarrassing themselves and acting like animals everywhere they go .. this is pretty typical behaviour ..	Blacks seem to be hell-bent on embarrassing themselves and acting like animals everywhere they go... this is pretty typical behavior.	1
I wish they 'd all bugger off back to the Sudan , Nigeria , Ethiopia or where ever the hell it is they 're from and never come back .	I wish they’d all bugger off back to Sudan, Nigeria, Ethiopia or where ever the hell it’s they’re from and never come back.	1
I am not Ukrainian but the Ukraine nationalists and right wing should understand that our white race in all nations in Europe North America Australia and South Africa along with any other white nations should support each other and join together against the Marxist multiculturistic agenda that 's invading every white nation and start to over through the powers to be that is responsible for this genocide and start considering deportation of non whites in white nations !	I am not Ukrainian but the Ukrainian nationalists and right wing should understand that our white race in all nations in Europe North America Australia and South Africa along with any other white nations should support each other and unite against the Marxist multiculturalist agenda that is invading every white nation and start to overthrough powers to be that is responsible for this genocide and start considering deportation of non-white in white nation!	1
Just watch them at North America and they like all black sport players and their `` slang '' .	Just watch them in North America and they like all black sports players and their “slang”.	1
We're letting these creatures flow openly through our air and sea ports and not performing so much as a background test on them .	We are letting these creatures flow openly through our air and sea ports, and not performing as much as a background test on them.	1
To all white patriots , watch ENDGAME ALEX JONES , OR ENDGAME from PRISON PLANET , and learn the agenda from the criminals Jewish bankers .	To all white patriots, watch ENDGAME ALEX JONES, OR ENDGRAME from PRISON PLANET, and learn the agenda from the criminal Jewish bankers.	1
Freundschaft - Sleipnir & Nemesis with/mit English and/und Deutsch Lyrics - YouTube	Freundschaft - Sleipnir & Nemesis With/mit English and/and Deutsch Lyrics - YouTube	2
YouTube - Broadcast Yourself .	YouTube – Broadcast Your.	2
And the only person to stop and check if the old man was alright was what looks like the only white on the station .	And the only person to stop and check if the old man is okay was who looks like the only white on the station.	3
Why should we try to civilize that which cannot be domesticated or civil ?	Why should we try to civilize what cannot be domesticated or civilised?	1
It 's nothing but a bunch of mexicans .	It’s nothing but a bunch from Mexicans.	3
Don't bother with black culture , it 's not worth the effort .	Don’t bother with black culture, it’s not worth the effort.	1
I live in Oslo and race-mixing is a huge problem .	I live in Oslo and racing-mixing is a huge problem.	1
New York 's Old Pennsylvania Station , What a tragic loss , to promote Jewish `` Modern '' filth , no surprise !	New York’s Old Pennsylvania Station, What a tragic loss, to promote Jewish “Modern” dirt, no surprise!	1
Yes, before age of 10 i never saw an negro in real life , when i moved to Holland i was horrified by the amount of non-whites .	Yes, before the age of 10 I never saw a Negro in real life, when I moved to Holland I was horrified by the amount of non-whites.	1
God only knows , these people have no respect for ANYTHING not even their own .	God only knows, these people have no respect for anything, not even their own.	1
Well , the warm weather is coming in and guess what , I now have to painstakingly endure all the offspring of these immigrants , Africans , foeigners ( Im putting them all because there is that many of them ) all playing out the front of the flats in the small garden area , screeching and shouting and their hyena pitched laughing .	Well, the warm weather is coming in and guess what, I now have to hardly endure all the offspring of these immigrants, Africans, foeigners (I putting them all because there are that many of them) all playing out the front of the apartments in the small garden area, screaming and shouting and their hyena pitched laughing.	1
of course they wo n't. they just want to steal our land. they would n't stop until we are all dead. and neither would we .	Of course they woke not, they just want to steal our land, they’t stop until we’re all dead, and neither would we.	1
The next world cup will be the greatest murder and rape fest since Katrina .	The next World Cup will be the biggest murder and rape party since Katrina.	1
If you think your kid is missing out on diversity , send him to africa or china or the middle east for a few months holiday .	If you think your child is missing out on diversity, send him to Africa or China or the Middle East for a few months vacation.	3
Greit at du er fornøyd med din Nasjonalitet , det er ikke dèt det er snakk om , så slapp av , kamerat !!	Greet at you are fornøyd med din Nationalitet, det er ikke dèt det er snakk om, så slapp av, kamerat!!	2
Do you have huge numbers of all the various turd to urine coloured rainbow of third worlders like many parts of Canada ?	Do you have huge numbers of all the various turd to urine colored rainbow of third worlders like many parts of Canada?	1
Me thinks Genesis is a negro who thinks he 's from the line of Adam.A troll , confused , black and prowling Stormfront.So make the Revelation Genesis - what are you really up to ?	I think Genesis is a negro who thinks he's from the line of Adam.A troll, confused, black and prowling Stormfront.So make the Revelation Genesis - what are you really up to?	1
Dude stink bomb this event , when it gets dark , chuck a bunch of them on the floor , different spots , when the chimps start jiving and grooving , they will step on them .	Dude stink bomb this event, when it gets dark, chuck a bunch of them on the floor, different spots, when the chimpanzees start jiving and grooving, they will step on them.	1
Yeah, I saw that news segment about the mixed race couple who lost their home because of the mudslide .	Yeah, I saw that news segment about the mixing race couple who lost their home because of the mudslide.	1
Look what white liberals have done .	Look what white liberalists have done.	3
No white person should ever be compared to a black and other useless races .	No white person should ever be compared with a black and other useless races.	1
Black ``women''on London transport ...	Black ‘women’ on London transportation	1
God, it is sickening to see these young lives taken by feral negroes .	God, it is sick to see these young lives taken by wild Negroes.	1
No instead we will pump whitey full of chemicals via the food chain to reduce their collective IQ down to the level of blacks .	No instead we will pump white full of chemicals through the food chain to reduce their collective IQ down to the level of black people.	1
I feel dirty after just touching the railing on one of those things .	I feel dirty after just touched the railing on one of those things.	3
I just made a visit to L.A. I have no words to describe the racial situation in this city .	I just made a visit to LA I have no words to describe the racial situation in that city.	3
The liberals are going to get their panties in a bunch , with people like you saying we must learn to defend ourselves .	The liberals are going to get their pants in a bunch, with people like you saying we must learn to defend ourselves.	1
When the populations are not seperated racial mixing occurs and that is genocide .	When the populations are not separated racial mixing occurs and that is genoside.	1
You weather the zionist storm well , my brother .	You weather the Zionist storm well, my brother.	1
Fox news reported last night that this beast was caught eating parts of this young man when the police got onto the bus to apprehend him !	Fox news last night that this beast was caught eating parts from this young man when the police got on the bus to arrest him!	1
Powerful video that shows how primitive these beasts are .	Powerful video that shows just how primitive these beasts were.	1
The biggest problem is new york.There are blacks all over the streets , when you 're in new york think you 're in nigeria .	There are blacks all over the streets, when you're in New York think you've been in Nigeria.	1
Simply put , they are AT LEAST 100,000 years behind evolved creatures on the evolutionary scale with no hope of ever progressing .	Simply put, they are at least 100,000 years behind evolved creatures on the evolutionary scale with nothing to hope of ever progressing.	1
I 'm sure I would have done great in public school if the Mexican gang members stopped kicking my * * * long enough for me to get my homework done ...	I’m sure I’d done great in public school if the Mexican gang members stopped kicking my * ** long enough for me to get my homework done...	1
http://youtube.com/watch ? v = gdYJjU-Nx6E The maker of this video may be Jewish , not sure , he has a big kosher-lookin nose .	http://youtube.com/watch? v = gdYJjU-Nx6E The creator of this video may be Jewish, not sure, he has a big kosher-lookin nose.	1
We can turn the cold useless parts of Canada into a dumping ground for Jews and arm the Indians to keep them in line .	We can turn the cold useless parts of Canada into a dump ground for Jews and arm the Indians to keep them in line.	1
I guess they would not want to offend an ape .	I guess they’t want to offend a monkey.	1
Without us they would still be living in mud huts with sharpened sticks .	Without us they would still be living on mud huts with sharpened sticks.	1
As I commented a few days ago on this thread , massive race ( or ethnic ) mixing tends to preceed massive race ( or ethnic ) war .	As I commented a few days ago on this thread, massive race (or ethnic) mixing tends to precede massive racial (or etnic) war.	1
Boy, those same blacks get awful mad when you have a sign saying `` No to a black Africa '' , then it becomes wrong .	Boy, those same blacks get terribly mad when you have a sign saying “No to a black Africa”, then it becomes wrong.	1
Blut und Ehre !	Blood and honor!	2
I like to listen to this preacher , but why do black prreachers always have to scream .	I like to listen to this preacher, but why do black prreachers always have to screamt.	1
JAPs are a total hoot , each the center of the universe , loud , brash , vain , arrogant . . .	JAPs are a total hoot, each the center of the universe, loud, brash, vain, arrogant.	1
I kid you not there is not one white man , among tens of foreigners , all stressing great the work place pensions programme is .	I kid you don’t there is not one white man, among dozens of foreigners, all stressing great the workplace pensions program is.	3
I would' nt even consider these knackers/pykies as Irish as they have no respect for their race or loyalty to Ireland and should be put down like the dogs they are .	I’d not even consider these knackers/pykies as Irish as they have no respect for their race, or loyalty to Ireland and should be put down like the dogs they are.	1
If he is that is even worse , the race traitor should be hung	If he is that is even worst, the race traitor should be hanged.	3
Lay her off and cart her back to India where she can poop in the Ganges river next to her dead grand parents .	Lay her off and car her back to India where she can poop in the Ganges River next to her dead grandparents.	1
To hell with what this creature thinks anyway .	To hell with what this Creature thinks anyway.	1
These figures show that no one now could just talk about the need to restrict non-white immigration ( as the current government does ) ; large-scale repatriation of non-whites is absolutely essential .	These figures show that no one could now just talk about the need to restrict non-white immigration (as the current government does); large-scale repatriation of non-Whites is absolutely essential.	1
Truly disgusting	Really disgusted	3
Gotta represent my coconuts and mangos yo !!	Gotta represent my coconut and mango yo!!	1
They are anything but Swedes and to be honest it is good to get rid of them .	They are anything but Swedes and to say the truth it is good to get rid of them.	1
Interesting article about what to do with these evil persons who keep telling the truth and who don ´ t want to surrender ( in Danish )	Interesting article about what to do with these evil persons who keep saying the truth and who don’t want to surrender (in Danish)	1
The non white homelands have so much trash and crime in them that non whites mainly choose to stay away .	The non-white homelands have so much rubbish and crime in them that non-Whites mainly choose to stay away.	1
Check out this youtube channel i found , i agree with most of what he says Diversity DESTROYS Social Cohesion in the West - YouTube	Check out this youtube channel I found, I agree with most of what he says Diversity DESTROYS Social Cohesion in the West - YouTube	1
A good old bit of nostalgia from the days when there was hardly a blade of grass or a coon on the pitch .	A good old bit of nostalgia from the days when there was barely a blade of grass or a coon on the pitch.	1
Sooner or later the black one will say `` mother * * * * er '' or `` madick '' .	Sooner or later the black one will say “mother * * * er” or “madick”.	1
Who thinks White People should marry White People and only White People ?	Who thinks white people should marry white people and only white people?	3
that is absolutely * * * * ing unbelievable.they can just go route one now.no more messing about going through europe.in bongo land one minute jump on the plane and 5 hours later hop off the plane with the biggest negro smile and shout ASYLUM.i am totally depressed hearing this	that is absolutely * * ** * ing unbelievable.they can just go route one now.no more messing about going through europe.in bongo land one minute jump on the plane & 5 hours later hop off the plane with the biggest negro smile and shout ASYLUM.i am totally depressed hearing this	1
They would be better off just sitting out in the sun eating a dirt sundae .	They would be better off just sitting in the sun eating a dirt sundae.	1
We have a little piece of legislation called the Prohibition of Foreign Military Assistance Act This prohibits mercs from operating in South Africa. on pain of five years of hell in a kaffer jail .	We have a little piece of legislation called the Prohibition of Foreign Military Assistance Act This prohibites mercs from operating in South Africa.	1
They will kill there own just as fast as they would kill there enemy .	They will kill there themselves as fast as they would kill there the enemy.	1
It is an extremely cruel act against the poor Vodka-bottle forcing it to spend it 's time forever close to a jew .	It is an extremely cruel act against the poor Vodka- bottle forcing it to spend its time forever close to a Jew.	1
So the government will keep me in track suits , vodka , and ' my first loot kits ' for my brood .	So the government will keep me in track suits, vodka, and ‘my first loot kits’ for my bread.	3
Those visionary and responsible negroes ...	Those visionaries and responsible Negroes...	1
Och nu har jag ocksa forlorad min Svensk Medborgarskap och far inte har en nya Passport !	And now I have also lost my Swedish Medborgarskap and far not have a new Passport!	2
They do what they always do take something of someone else 's and make it their own .	They do what they always do take something from someone else’s and make it their own.	1
The ghetto of the north .	The ghettos of the north.	3
Adopt their musical style and hand gestures and you poison your own soul .	Adopt their musical style and hand gestaps and you poison your own soul.	1
Then we will see who is afraid to leave thier homes after dark or venture into the wrong ' hood .	Then we will see who is afraid to leave thiers homes after dark or venture into the wrong 'hat'.	1
Just wait until we open our doors to the poor people from the TB capital of Europe , Romania .	Just wait until we open our doors to poor people from the TB capital of Europe, Romania.	3
I 've seen negroes who look ( and undoubtedly act ) like him .	I’ve seen black people who look (and undoubtedly act) like him.	1
!!!!!!!!!	and the world!!	2
``Confrontingthe Girl Who Shot Me In the Face '' -- Dr. Phil - YouTube The female negro is making excuses like its not her fault but we all know its TNB , I feel for that poor white woman	"Confronting the Girl Who Shot Me In the Face" -- Dr. Phil - YouTube The female negro is making excuses like it's not her fault but we all know its TNB, I feel for that poor white woman	1
thank you very much for your replies ! I just wonder if there is a site of the NNP in english ? anyway I hope Russia will kick non-white butts out of its territory.so long , brothers !	I just wonder if there is a site of the NNP in English? anyway I hope Russia will kick non-white butts out of its territory. so long, brothers!	1
Their resistance to immigration is precisely because they have been exposed to you non-White vermin and your effect on their nations .	Their resistance to immigration is precisely because they have been exposing to you non-White worm and your effect on their nations.	1
Whites wo n't exist in Canada anymore they all have left or mixed themselves away basically leaving Canada to become a large ghetto	White wo no longer exist in Canada, they all left or mixed themselves away basically leaving Canada to become a large geto.	1
Yet my daughter still wants to go outside and play with that thing .	But my daughter still wants to go outside to play with that thing.	1
some times Whites are forced to live around a lot of blacks .	Sometimes whites are forced to live around a large number of blacks.	1
I'm with you , Winnipeg has become a cesspool .	I am with you, Winnipeg has become a casspool.	1
Here is a video of the event that is worth watching just to see a beautiful White lady screaming `` scum , scum , scum , f * * * ing scum !!! '' at the muslim filth .	Here is a video of the event that is worth watching just to see a beautiful White lady screaming “scum, scum, escum, f * * ing scum!!!” at the Muslim dirt.	1
Seeing the teams of white nations have black players in their ranks is a depressing site to see.They should be representing the best of our nations not the worst	Seeing the teams of white nations have black players in their ranks is a depressant site to see.	1
Sørensen , 19 år , er født 8. april 1982 i Kolding .	Sørensen, 19 years old, was born on 8 April 1982 in Kolding.	2
I have n't , because I threw out my TV in the mid-1990s when there were to many blacks on TV .	I don’t, because I threw out my TV in the mid-1990s when it was too many blacks on TV.	1
That 's 2 blacks who wont be having kids	That's 2 blacks who won't be having kids	3
Beware of the falling house prices that Negroes bring with them ( another reason why you 'll never find them living near politicans ) .	Beware of the falling house prices that Negroes bring with themselves (another reason why you’ll never find them living near politicians).	1
I think its funny , as a premed student there has n't been a black person within a hundred miles of any of my classes ever .	I think it’s funny, as a premed student there has never been a black person within a hundred miles of any of my classes ever.	3
It 's a symbol demonstrating a lack of oxygen to the head of all its members .	It is a symbol demonstrating a lack of oxygen for the head of all its members.	1
Shows their `` superiority ''	Showing their “superiority”	3
The only thing more disgusting than a White woman with a groid is a White woman who drags her White child into the filth with her .	The only thing more disgusting than a white woman with a groid is a white lady who drags her white child into the dirt with her.	1
When I was last time in South Africa , we went to Sun City and saw little black monkey children swimming , funniest thing was watching drying water off their faces , it looks exactly like baboon or something , way they do it , whites have certain mannerisms with doing things , they have completely ape-like ones .	When I was last time in South Africa, we went to Sun City and saw little black monkey children swimming, the funniest thing was watching drying water off their faces, it looks exactly like baboon or something, the way they do it, white people have certain manners with doing things, they have completely monkey-like ones.	1
Besides who would even bother to help them ?	Besides who would bother to help them?	1
Here is my old school picture i think it was in 1994 .	Here is my old school photo I think it was in 1994.	3
Was walking through tooting broadway in SW London a couple of weeks ago .... was the only white dude around and all I could see was nigs and pakis walking down the street spitting , made me feel ill !	Was walking through toying broadway in SW London a couple of weeks ago... was the only white guy around and all I could see were nigs and pakis walking down the street spitting, made me feel sick!	1
All none whites scores start at 70 % passing grade 72 % .	All no white scores start at 70% passing grade 72%.	3
They do it because they know it pisses the whites off , by showing disrespect as such for other people shows they have no respect for themselves .	They do it because they know it pisses the whites off, by showing disrespect as such for other people shows they have no respect to themselves.	1
I guess organic chem is just too hard .	I think organic chemistry is just too hard.	3
The holocaust never existed except in the minds of the people who believed it .	The Holocaust never existed except in the mind of the people who believed it.	1
I had the luck ( ... ) to meet some africans in the past and I promise you that black are the worse cancer of the world , they 're ready to sell their own sister so you can imagine what will they do with our Countries ..	I had the luck to meet some Africans in the past and I promise you that black are the worst cancer in the world, they’re ready to sell their own sister so you can imagine what will they do with our Countries.	1
YouTube - Broadcast Yourself .	YouTube – Broadcast Your.	2
Tell them we 'll legalize drugs and pedophilia .	Tell them we will legalize drugs and pedophily.	1
I pm 'd you a suggestion of a place to go , I do not want to post it here as I think non-whites read this site and will then proceed to try and move there .	I pm 'd you a suggestion of a place to go, I don't want to post it here as I think non-whites read this site and will then proceed to try to move there.	1
How much you want to bet it is n't a black male running this operation You can count on white people to be very innovative	How much you want to bet it is not a black man running this operation You can count on white people to be very innovative.	1
If the International Drug Cartels are causing so much DEATH and DESTRUCTION in Mexico , then why allow them to just walk across our Border ?	If the International Drug Cartels are causing so much DEATH and DESTINATION in Mexico, then why allow them to just walk across our border?	1
If you look at an Alaskan malamute and a timber wolf that are two different species , they look a lot more alike than say a Congolese and a Swede .	If you look at an Alaskan malamute and a wooden wolf that are two different species, they look much more alike than say a Congolese and a Swedish.	1
YouTube - Broadcast Yourself .	YouTube – Broadcast Your.	2
England has been Jew infested for centuries and the BBC is the centre of the Marxist propaganda mill .	England has been Jewish infested for centuries and the BBC is the center of the Marxist propaganda mill.	1
What is wrong with her husband ?	What’s wrong with her Husband?	3
Now now lets not discriminate between muslims and jews , I say get them all back to the middle east and turn the whole sand pit to radioactive glass .	Now let’s not discriminate between Muslims and Jews, I say get them all back to the Middle East and turn the entire sand pit into radioactive glass.	1
i am a white nationalist of a christian faith but still am a white nationalist for racial survival the anti racist christians are the true chirstians ememy	I am a white nationalist of a Christian faith but still am a White nationalist for racial survival the anti-racist Christians are the true chirstians ememy	1
another article on the mail today on their side bet you they will be allowed to stay think of the money that these people soak off the irish people madness www.faem.com	Another article on the mail today on their side bet you they will be allowed to stay think of the cash that these people soak off the Irish people madness www.faem.com	1
what about it. that 's exactly what I said and I meant every word he thought I might and that was enough and with you two talking behind my back like some jew what do you expect me to say have a nice life .	That's exactly what I said and I meant every word he thought I could and that was enough and with you two talking behind my back like some Jew what do you expect me to say have a nice life.	1
As far as im concerned as soon as the little half breed is born , it should be tied round her neck and both mother and mulattoe should be flung in the nearest river.Lets see if daddy jumps in to save them !	As far as im concerned as soon as the little half breed is born, it should be tied around her neck and both mother and mulattoe should be thrown into the nearest river.	1
I wonder what it 's going to be like if the Big Chimpout of 2014 really happens .	I wonder what it’s going to be like if the Big Chimpoot of 2014 really happens.	1
Rüütel , sem staddur er hér á landi í opinberri heimsókn ásamt eiginkonu sinni , Indgrid Rüütel , sagði ennfremur að mikill ótti hafi verið við að Sovétríkin beittu landið hervaldi eftir sjálfsstæðisyfirlýsinguna .	Rüütel, sem staddur er hér á landi í opinberri heimsókn ásamt eiginkonu sinni, Indgrid Rüüütell, said ennfremur að mikill ótti hafi verið við að Sovétríkin beittu landið hervaldi eftir sjálfsstæðisyfirlýsinguna.	2
HIV will do its job. the fags keep searching for a cure but they will never find one because it keeps on changing and mutating. already 60 percent of faggot apes have AIDS and it continues to grow .	The fags continue to look for a cure but they will never find one because it continues to change and mutate. already 60 percent of faggot monkeys have AIDS and it continued to grow.	1
The only way to deal with these animals is to give them a one way ticket to their filthy pig god .	The only way to deal with these animals is to give it a one-way ticket to their dirty pig god.	1
Unfortunately I have n't kept up with this maddening story , but have hate crime charges been filed against these black apes ?	Unfortunately I haven’t kept up with this maddening story, but have hate crime charges been filed against these black monkeys?	1
HIV/AIDS is n't killing them off fast enough .	HIV/AIDS is not killing them away fast enough.	1
Medlem af DFUìs bestyrelse .	Member of the DFU Board.	2
Africans in Ireland should be treated like paedophiles .	African people in Ireland should be treated like pedophiles.	1
They ca n't stand toe to toe with the white man so they just dance around until they 're tired .	They don’t stand toe to toe with the white man so they just dance around until they’re tired.	1
Blacks acting uncivilized ?	Black acting uncivilised?	3
Thank you so much for this , one day I hope the next generation is spared from the travesty brought by Public Schools , and private ( Jews can easily fake being Christian ) .	Thank you so much for this, one day I hope the next generation is spared from the travesty brought by Public Schools, and private (Jews can easily fake being Christian).	1
The best way to prevent Black on White rape is to succeed in our goal of removing them all from white countries .	The best way to prevent Black on White rape is to successfully our goal of removing them all from white countries.	1
The same way they take advantage of the state everywhere else .	The same way they take advantage from the state everywhere else.	1
For White students the test starts at - 40 % , passing score 99 % .	For white students the test starts at -40%, passing score 99%.	3
The only thing manipulated here are the minds of few foreigners , who reckon they can live amongest superiour , pagan blood .	The only thing manipulated here are the minds of a few foreigners, who count they can live amongst the superior, pagan blood.	1
They need to give them mandatory DNA tests and kick them all out of France .	They need to give them mandatory ADN tests and kick them all out of France.	1
I wonder why the Jewish Media always pretends that all the blood thirsty third world savages are victims and it is all Whitey 's fault ?	I wonder why the Jewish Media always pretends that all the blood thirsting third world savages are victims and it is all Whitey’s fault?	1
Many Jews were in the Red Army so many wanted the opportunity to rape and murder whites under the guise of war .	Many Jews were in the Red Army so many wanted the chance to rape and murder whites under the guise of war.	1
Meanwhile those nonwhites continue to breed even as their nonwhite societies continue to inflict their harsh uncivilized nonwhite culture on us .	Meanwhile, those nonwhites continue to breed even as their nonwhite societies continue to inflicte their harsh uncivilized nonwhitening culture on us.	1
Arab militaries are incompetent .	The Arab military is incompetent.	1
Where a white woman can go about in public and not fear assault by muds .	Where a white woman can go around in public and not fear assault by the mud.	1
How great they think it is to have a mixed child .	How great they think it’s to have a mixed child.	3
Most of the time they are quiets sheep who want to intergrate but their children makes a new generations of thugs and prostitute .	Most of the time they are quiet sheep who want to intergrate but their children make a new generation of thugs and prostitutes.	1
It 's going viral on Youtube - warning the lesbian ' groid gets aggressive on the whites for whatever reason : YouTube - Video Caught On Tape Lesbian Or Young Man Going Wild On BART Train In Oakland !	It's going viral on Youtube - warning the lesbian 'groid gets aggressive on the whites for whatever reason : YouTube - Video Caught On Tape Lesbian or Young Man Going Wild on BART Train In Oakland!	1
a nice kick to the nuts will always work I find it a dirty move to kick another man in the knackers but after all .. a black does n't equate to the same standard	A nice kick to the nuts will always work I find it a dirty move to kick another man in a knackers but after all a black doesn’t equal to the same standard	1
Since they are just little kids i do n't want to be rude , but how ugly is the black kid compared to the others ? it 's not even adorable , it 's kinda scary lol	Since they are just little kids I don't want to be rude, but how ugly is the black kid compared to the others? it's not even adorable, it' s kind of scary lol	1
Rap is an acronym for Retards Attempting Poetry .	Rap is an acronym for retards attempting poetry.	3
Because they a vile plague on all of mankind that no one really likes .	Because they are a vile plague on all mankind that no one really likes.	1
Indeed, now they just need to feed themselves , educate themselves , police themselves ad nauseum ......	Indeed, now they just need to feed, educate themselves, police themselves ad nauseum.	1
TV 4 is controlled by Jewish Bonnier ( Hirschel ) family .	TV 4 is controlled by the Jewish Bonnier (Hirschel) family.	3
All the jews I have ever known will do anything for money , and all I can say is there are no good jews	All the Jews I’ve ever known will do anything for money, and all I can say is there are no good Jews.	1
So we have ox-driven ambulances in Zimbabwe and donkey powered police in South Africa ...	So we have ox-driven ambulances and donkey-powered police in South Africa.	3
They bred with inferiors creating these mongrels	They raised with inferior creation these mongrels	1
Africa is a hole area of natural resources and only made mud huts from it ... what wild life are able to make even better huts ie birds	Africa is a hole area of natural resources and only made mud huts out of it... what wild life are able to make even better huts ie birds	1
If that stopped the worthless thing would starve !	If that stopped the wasted thing would starve!	1
Negroids could n't put together a bake sale properly much less a work force .	Negroids could not put together a baking sale properly much less a workforce.	1
All i have to say is none of this crap that is happening in the world is going to change unless people on a large scale actually stand up and say no we have had enough and drag the scum in the streets and deal with them in a most violent way .	All I have to say is none of this shit that is happening in the world is going to change unless people on a large scale actually stand up and say no we have had enough and pull the foam into the streets and deal with them in the most violent way.	1
Hopefully they will leave YT alone and just deal with the Nigerians when they start chimping out in the streets .	Hopefully they will leave YT alone and just deal with Nigerians when they start chimping out in the streets.	1
Israely Zionist indeed prepeared the Georgian attack .	The Israeli Zionist indeed prepared the Georgian attack.	1
II .	and II.	2
They have caused their own hate from the nations by their hate for everyone else .	They have caused their own hatred from the nations by their hatred for all others.	1
So far today I 've come across the words scum , slut and bitch .	So far today I’ve come across the words scum, slug and bitch.	3
Before the coming of Whites to Africa , there was/is no history .	Before the arrival of whites to Africa, there was/is no history.	3
I dont think it will work moot is too much of a libtard to allow that going on for too long	I don’t think it will work, it’s too much of a libtard to allow that to go on for too long.	1
Arnold Rüütel , forseta Eistlands , segir þjóð sína afar þakkláta Íslendingum fyrir að hafa haft hugrekki til að viðurkenna sjálfstæði Eistlands fyrstir ríkja í ágúst 1991 á meðan önnur ríki heims þögðu .	Arnold Rüütel, forseta Eistlands, segir þjóð sína afar þakkláta Íslendingum fyrir að hafa haft hugrekki til að viðurkenna sjálfstæði Eistland fyrstir ríkja í august 1991 á meðan önnur ríki heims þögðu.	2
Just let Shaniqua leave her kids home to burn the house down while she goes to da club .	Just let Shaniqua leave her kids home to fire the house down while she goes to the club.	1
I think the UK is more of a lost cause than the US. london has made tons of concessions to non whites .	I think the UK is more of a lost cause than the U.S. London has made tons of concessions to non-whites.	1
They re more like a virus than human ; they get inside a country and they taint it with their sickness and pretty soon the whole country goes to hell while the government tries to ban video games because knife crime , rapes and mindless violence has skyrocketed .	They are more like a virus than a human; they get inside a country and they contaminate it with their illness and pretty soon the whole country goes to hell while the government tries to ban video games because knife crime, rape and mindless violence has skyrocketed.	1
Yes the negroes have been busy the last few weeks but we have to expect it because nothing is being done to them when a crime is committed	Yes, the Negroes have been busy for the last few weeks but we have to expect it because nothing is being done on them when a crime is committed.	1
A Black Father taking care of his kids ?	A black father taking care of his children.	3
Blacks can shoot , funny thing is they only seem to be able to hit the little innocent law abiding child , walking home from church to help take of their sick mother .	Black can shoot, funny thing is they only seem to be able to hit the little innocent law-obeying child, walking home from church to help take of their sick mother.	1
The raw footage of these beasts in their moments of candor is so much more revealing and persuasive for helping our fellow white brothers and sisters see the truth than a thousand books could ever be .	The raw footage of these beasts in their moments of candor is so much more revealing and persuasive for helping our fellow white brothers and sisters see the truth than a thousand books could ever be.	1
We need to make sure every white child and adult is fed before we worry about helpless people who have to eat cow crap in order to survive .	We need to make sure every white child and adult is fed before we worry about the helpless people who have to eat cow crap in order to survive.	1
Can someone help me find an ol ' comrade of mine who 's now rotting in a California Prison for his next two lives for allegedly victimizing anti-racist scum ?	Can someone help me find an old comrade of mine who's now rotting in a California prison for his next two lives for allegedly victimizing anti-racist scum?	1
Like the parasites they are they simply moved to a new host , to continue their destruction of Western White civilization and culture	Like the parasites they are they simply moved to a new home, to continue their destruction of Western White civilization and culture.	1
The only thing Negroes have is wishful want .	The only thing black people have is desirable want.	1
They are often confused with whites when they hide their tail , horns , and hooves .	They are often confused with whites when they hid their tail, horns, and hooves.	1
What good are these scammers to the country who Broke EU law to come here ?	What good are these scammers to a country that Broke EU law to come here?	1
III .	Third... 🙂	2
My Home Town is overran with spics and sec 8 coons at this junction .	My Home Town is overran with spikes and sec 8 coons at this junction.	1
They will eventually kill off the whites and go back to the jungle ways .	They will eventually kill the whites and go back to the jungles ways.	1
I try and avoid shops owned by.or employing non.whites too .	I try and avoid shops owned or employing non-whites too.	1
And it stunk like refer and black sweat .	And it stinked like refer and black sweats.	1
I'm sure the negro had it coming .	I am sure the Negro had it coming.	1
Apparently the Jews ca n't take it when the truth is spoken about them .	Apparently the Jews can’t take it when the truth is spoken about themselves.	1
They need the white male distracted as much as possible and of course the glorification of the groid ; two birds one stone .	They need the white male distracted as much as possible and of course, the glorification of the groid; two birds one stone.	1
The kind of savagery against females that has become expected from negroids in todays society ...	The kind of savagery against women that has become expected from Negroids in today’s society...	1
When ever I see these white children murdered by these sub humans it makes me so angry I could cry .	Whenever I see these white children murdered by these subhumans it makes me so angry I could cry.	1
I looked at the discussion and it is obvious that we are outnumbered by non-whites and race traitors and follow the other followers types .	I looked at the discussion and it is obvious that we are outnumbered with non-whites and racial traitors and follow the other followers types.	1
They're coming out of the woodwork to oppose white unity and White History Month .	They are coming out of the woodwork to oppose white union and white history month.	1
just saw a hershey 's commercial on tv , ca n't find it on jewtube shows a White woman happily sharing candy with some mop headed groid male on an escalator guess I wo n't be buying that stuff ever again	Just seen a hershey's commercial on TV, can't find it on jewtube shows a white woman happily sharing candy with some mop headed groid male on an escalator guess I wo n're buying that stuff ever again	1
Just shows how thick they actually are one farmer-one bullet they will just end up starving and asking WHITES to feed them	Just shows how thick they are actually one farmer-one bullet they will just end up starving and requesting WHITES to feed them.	1
Every summer there is some trash that rolls through the town and goes on a thieving spree it seems .	Every summer there is some trash that rolls through the city and goes on a thieving spree it seems.	3
That 's to assume the gay ones are n't abusive .	That’s to assume the gay ones are not abusive.	1
Where can i find a complete list of anti black fliers. that have to do with black on white crimes , interracial babys , black drug dealers , etc etc .	Where can I find a complete list of anti black flyers. that have to do with black on white crimes, interracial babies, black drug dealers, etc.	1
The Brown and Black filth are starting to creep into Orillia and Midland sadly .	The Brown and Black dirt are beginning to creep into Orillia and Midland unfortunately.	1
I know one thing , no white should ever give one nickel or a second thought to Africa for they have repaid good with evil .	I know one thing, no white should ever give a nickel or a second thought to Africa because they have repayed good with evil.	1
In these dark days of jewish/Marxist/mafia dominated materialistic societies where everyone and anyone is only a bank note to be traded .	In these dark days of Jewish/Marxist/mafia dominated materialist societies where everyone and anyone is just a banknote to be traded.	1
Jag kollade inte ... )	I did not check... )	2
Or try yelling * * * * the nigs ya 'll get suspended , jumped and hopefully some new wn friends or ya 'll die trying. lol Rohawa its a battle cry .	Or try screaming * * * the nigs ya'll get suspended, jumped and hopefully some new wn friends or ya' will die trying.	1
I heard about it is it about that white guy that killed that race traitor slut and her nig nog boyfriend ?	I heard about it is about that white guy who killed that race traitor slug and her nig nog boyfriend?	1
- `` Something about black '' and the old favorite `` Once you go black you never go back ''	Something about black and the old favorite “Once you go black you never go back”	1
The only good thing about Indians is their married women are so loose that prostitution fails in Indian areas .	The only good thing about Indians is that their married women are so loose that prostitution failed in Indian areas.	1
Hiya i 'm new here and sick of watching my country become infected with the disease of multiculturalism .	Hiya I’m new here and sick of watching my country get infected with the disease of multiculturalism.	1
Sounds like they might have some Palestinians of either the Muslim or Judaic variety in the woodpile , throwing stones like that .	It sounds like they might have some Palestinians of either the Muslim or Jewish variety in the wood pile, throwing stones like that.	1
i love it when jews get a taste of thier own vile medicene I hope each and every one of them young to old starve in the cold	I love it when Jews get a taste of their own vile medicine I hope each and every one of them young to old starve in the cold.	1
I too am from cali , but moved out to utah to get away from all the filth .	I too am from cali, but moved out to utah to get away from the dirt.	1
Disgusted that Birmingham has gone from the `` workshop of the world '' ( a city of a thousand trades ) to producing scumbags like this .	Dislike that Birmingham has gone from the “workshop of the world” (a city of a thousand trades) to producing scumbags like this.	1
Olje på lerret , 60 x 70 cm .	Oil on the leather, 60 x 70 cm.	2
Happend the other day after class , the black was the one who backed down .	Happening the other day after class, the black was the one who backed down.	3
Sort of a back handed compliment that the anti-Whites are so keen to come on here and tell us that all is lost - in their heart of hearts even they must know that what they have constructed is only temporary and all will be ripped down some day .	A sort of backhanded compliment that the anti-whites are so eager to come on here and tell us that everything is lost – in their hearts of hearts even they must know that what they have built is only temporary and everything will be ripped down some day.	1
things u put on yer teeth just kidding ... seen guys with those things that suppose to hold up pants ? theyre red or white ? and theyre not belts. welcome to skinhead charades .	things you put on yer teeth just joking... seen guys with those things that suppose to hold up pants – they are red or white – and they are not belts.	1
With the liberal media and police departments under reporting black crime they have been given a pass on their ghetto ways so many times that it as becomes acceptable behavior for them as there is no real consequences for it .	With the liberal media and police departments under reporting black crime they have been given a pass on their ghetto paths so many times that it as becomes acceptable behavior for them as there are no real consequences for it.	1
Innocent whites including white children all murdered by heartless groid savages .	Innocent whites including white children all killed by heartless groid savages.	1
A wee child can learn to rhyme in school and blacks pride themselves on this skill ?	A little child can learn to rime in school and blacks pride themselves on this skills.	3
To hell with making a stand , i think we should all go to the southwest and go on the offenceive and drive every race down into Mexico .	To hell with making a stand, I think we should all go to the southwest and go on the offensive and drive every race down into Mexico.	1
that prince who married that asian is a freak. imagine his half and half kids growing up and trying to marry into other royal families	That prince who married that Asian is a freak. imagine his half and a half children growing up and trying to marry into other royal families	1
Here is your logic : some whites are corrupt whores for Jewish supremacists , therefore Whites should not oppose Jewish supremacist extermination of all Whites and JS efforts to control humanity 's future .	Here is your logic: some whites are corrupt prostitutes for Jewish supremacists, therefore whites should not oppose Jewish Supremacist extermination of all Whites and JS efforts to control humanity’s future.	1
Elevating the negro to iconic status , is bad business .	Elevating the Negro to iconic status, is bad business.	1
Africans are tall , thin and lanky and pretty ugly beasts . ... and I 'm just being kind .	Africans are tall, thin and lanky and pretty ugly beasts... and I’m just being kind.	1
Soccer and Music .	Football and Music.	3
Its common to for whites to love ethnics when they do n't know any as all they have seen is the pc image of them on tv .	It’s common for whites to love ethnics when they don’t know any as all they’ve seen is the PC image of them on TV.	3
Notice how not one of these Hungarians gave one good source validating their preposterous claims , they just came here to complain and start name calling , just as stupid liberals do .	Notice how not one of these Hungarians gave one good source validating their preposterous claim, they just came here to complain and start naming, just like stupid liberals do.	1
Ð ´ Ð ¸ Ð 3\/4 - YouTube	The 3rd and 4th - YouTube	2
She was probably the victim of a groid rage rape also .	She was probably the victim of an groid rape rape as well.	1
Back when I was a kid , even the black folks called them that .... `` Ooohhh I' z cai n't wait until Crimusz , I' z gonna get me sum of dem niggah-toes and oranguz fo ' Crimusz , an ' sum peppahmintz ; dey shoa iz gud ! ''	Back when I was a kid, even the black people called them that “Ohhh I’z cai n’ wait until Crimusz, I’ z gonna get me sum of dem niggah-toes and oranguz fo ‘ Crimus, a ‘sum peppahmintz; dey shoa iz gud!”	1
Why would I want to contribute to the Kneegrow and spic 's wellbeing ?	Why would I want to contribute to the Knieegrow and Spic’s well-being?	1
There are really few Jews and millions of those bastards on the body of our country .	There are really few Jews and millions that bastards on the body of our country.	1
S.African police clash with poor protesters | Top News | Reuters Hand the country over to Muds and what do you expect .	S.African police clash with poor protesters Top News Reuters Hand the country over to Muds and what do you expect.	1
I hate the word racist it makes people being called racist think that they are doing something wrong when they the immigrants coming here are doing something wrong	I hate the word racist it makes people being called racist think they are doing something wrong when they the immigrants coming here are doing anything wrong	1
We can all put down our torches go home and suck some Jew d@cK JUST LIKE YOU !	We can all put down our torches go home and sugg some Jew d@cK just like YOU!	1
I was sort of hoping that they will bring back Ebola and spread it around to their own kind and the rest of the undesirables who are not wanted here .	I was sort of hoping that they will bring Ebola back and spread it around to their own kind and the rest of the undesirable who are not wanted here.	1
Once the negros start coming in bunches it will be a hellhole and the whites will have to leave again and start a new community .	Once the Negroes start coming in bunches it will be a hellhole and the White will have to leave again and start a new community.	1
Probably, especially if they are legitimate refugees from a war conflict , as opposed to the fake black and brown refugees that are flooding the country now .	Probably, especially if they are legitimate refugees from a war conflict, as opposed to the fake black and brown refugee who are flooding the country now.	1
But unfortunately , Maine 's become the dumping ground for Somalis and other African trash .	But unfortunately, Maine’s became the dumping ground for Somalis and other African garbage.	1
Compared to the stunningly beautiful white Swedish females she is just a barfy mixed breed dog .	Compared to the stunningly beautiful white Swedese females she is just a barfy mixed breed dog.	1
Yes, he has a red Firebird so the wigger 's parents thought he had promise just like all those fictional characters on t.v.	Yes, he has a red Firebird so the wigger’s parents thought he had promise just like all those fictional characters on TV.	1
It's a good to add a hint of truth in your essay 's but maybe you have it better off then I did at high school , every teacher I had was very liberal and anti-racist , and could barely accept the truth .	It’s a good thing to add a hint of truth in your essay’s but maybe you’ve got it better then I did at high school, every teacher I had was very liberal and anti-racist, and could barely accept the truth.	1
Is Africa the epitome of progress or what ?	Is Africa the epitom of progress or what?	3
Hopefully they wo n't settle in US black communities and pick up their bad habits .	Hopefully they don’t settle in U.S. black communities and pick up their bad habits.	1
Right now when I think of WASP 's , I think of New England liberals who have never had a taste of diversity in their life .	Right now when I think of WASP’s, I think about New England liberals who have never had a taste of diversity in their lives.	1
Honestly , they mostly come out very odd and funny looking .	Honestly, they mostly come out very strange and funny looking.	3
All too describe my sisters .	All describe my sister too.	3
All para-militaries are just criminal scum !!!!	All paramilitary are just criminal scum!!!! »	1
And these words of wisdom come from a man that thinks another mans anus as well as his own was made to be used as a vagina :	And these words of wisdom come from a man who thinks another man’s anus as well as his own was made to be used as a vagina:	1
It would be far from the first time jews come up with a fake hate crimes and besides all they do in general , so they 're guilty until proven innocent .	It would be far from the first time Jews come up with a fake hate crimes and besides all they do in general, so they’re guilty until proven innocent.	1
It makes my flesh crawl when I see white girls having to be felt up as they walk down the hallways by big lipped spear chuckers. : attack	It makes my flesh crawl when I see white girls having to be felt as they walk down the hallways by big lipped spear chuckers.	1
Some of the things I noticed were shop tailors dummies that were black , a couple of mud restaurants , and the germ of blacks being `` fashionable '' taking root .	Some of the things I noticed were shop cutting dummies that were black, a couple of mud restaurants, and the germ of blacks being “fashionable” taking root.	1
and i bet not a single one was a dirty African.they will be well taken care of on welfare payments.just like the old days the Irish starve and have to go abroad to find work only this time parasitical foriegners stay here in nice new homes well fed watching big flat screen tellyspeople of Ireland WAKE UP !	And I bet not a single one was a dirty African.they will be well taken care of on welfare payments.just like the old days the Irish starve and have to go overseas to find work only this time parasitic foriegners stay here in nice new homes well fed watching big flat screen tellyspeople of Ireland WAKE UP!	1
YouTube - Broadcast Yourself .	YouTube – Broadcast Your.	2
- YouTube	and YouTube.	2
He is just telling the truth as usual the filthy jews need to clamp down as soon as possible .	He is just telling the truth as usual the dirty Jews need to clamp down as soon as possible.	1
Watch the video , its only 10 minutes , you will see that eventually the bi-racial minority is butchered .	Watch the video, its only 10 minutes, you will see that eventually the bi-racial minority are slaughtered.	1
I wonder what the shegroid that came running up did .	I wonder what the shagroid that came running up did.	1
Shows what sub human group these negroid belong , the poor horse got an infection from the dirty pervert .	Showing what subhuman group these negroids belong, the poor horse got an infection from the dirty perverts.	1
I stopped there one day looking for a job for my holidays , and I left immediately when I saw it : you can barely find a straight person there in summer .	I stopped there one day looking for a job for my holidays, and I left immediately when I saw it: you can barely find a straight person there in summer.	1
I 've gone to public school all my life and have been force fed this crap since 7th grade !!	I’ve been to public school all my life and have been force fed that shit since 7th grade!!	1
Every time I see a black security guard they are either sat down or on the phone , they have no proffesionalism whatsoever .	Every time I see a black security guard they are either sitting down or on the phone, they have no professionalism at all.	1
The problem is white men and asian women come to have non white babies and some poor asian men labors would be upset for those people .	The problem is white men and Asian women come to have non-white babies and some poor Asian men’s jobs would be upset for those people.	3
Most of them dont even work , but I have no doubt that some of them will be pushed into high positions in society .	Most of them don’t even work, but I have no doubt that some of them will be pushed to high positions in society.	1
Want a libtard to oppose abortion ?	Want a libtard against abortion?	1
We have such a huge Asian problem .	We have such an enormous Asian problem.	1
Send them all to Afreaka And sink the farkin boat !	Send them all to Afreaka and sink the farkin boat!	1
The reason for the high living expenses is of course the influx of hundreds of thousands of non-whites to the city .	The reason for the high living costs is of course the influx of hundreds of thousands of nonwhites to the city.	1
Wasn't there something like a big bang in which a burrito exploded and all the beans flew everywhere and started reproducing exponentially ?	Was there not something like a big bang in which a burrito exploded and all the beans flown everywhere and began to reproduce exponentially?	1
Do n't sit around and argue with them , just act like they are pathetic ( which they are ) and try to shame them .	Don’t sit around and argue with them, just act as if they are pathetic (which they are) and try to shame them.	1
Lets be honest here , how many black fathers stick around until the child is a teenager ?	Let’s be honest here, how many black fathers stick around until the child’s a teenager?	3
ye i heard that one to. or ' we all came from Africa any way so why dose it matter ' ........ my answer ? ' we evolved to be better'	I heard that one to. or 'we all came from Africa anyway so why dose it matters'........ my answer? 'we evolved to be better'	1
Crippin nigga .	The Black Cricket.	1
Can we finally bury the holocaust ? ...	Can we finally burn the Holocaust?	3
Ya, and they kind of missed the fact that he is going to inner city schools teaching the monkeys how to better kick your white butt !	Yes, and they kind of missed the fact that he is going to inner city school teaching the monkeys how to better kick your white ass!	1
It's weird most Indians dot and to an extent feather that I deal with hate blacks more than they do whites and find blacks to be lazy and worthless .	It’s weird most Indians point and to a degree feather that I deal with hating blacks more than they do whites and find blacks to be lazy and worthless.	1
The Jewish race is without any doubt the greatest threat to the survival of the White race .	The Jewish race is without a doubt the greatest threat to the survival of that white race.	1
Shows some interesting statistics about the jew rats ...	Showing some interesting statistics about the Jewish rats...	1
Also I agree it 's not fair to monkeys to compare them to black people .	Also I agree it's not fair to monkeys to compare themselves to black people.	1
They have been taking advantage of our over-welcoming nature for far to long .	They have been taking advantage of our excessively welcoming nature for far to long.	1
Hopefully the traitors will be encircled in Westminster palace .	Hopefully the traitors will be surrounded in Westminster Palace.	1
Here is possibly the best county to live in when one considers the Mud Index .	Here is possibly the best county in which to live when one considers the Mud Index.	1
why did god give negroes good rhythm ?? because he messed up their lips , hair , nose and skin so yes they are ugly !!!!!!!!!!!!!!	Why did God give Negroes good rhythm? because he messed up their lips, hair, nose and skin so yes they are ugly!!!!!!	1
Holocaust is a Holohoax .	The Holocaust is a Holocaustu.	1
Scum .	by Scam	3
Persze , majd egyutest alakitok , es csinalunk jo hazafias bulikat .	So, I think, it is a bit of a bit, but I think it is just a bit.	2
Not sure if this is the correct place i should post it , but a good video that just uploaded on youtube about these hypocrites .	Not sure if this is the right place I should post it, but a good video that just uploaded on youtube about these hypocrits.	1
This is to overcome White privilege	This is to defeat White privilege	3
Yes, more homosexual degeneracy foisted upon the silent majority .	Yes, more homosexual degeneration foiled on the silent majority.	1
It then became a booming black town , and they ran it straight into the ground .	Then it became a booming black town, and they ran it straight into the ground.	1
If not kept in check , we may very will be living in an actual Planet of the Apes soon .	If not kept in check, we may very well be living on a real Planet of the Apes soon.	1
May they just need to turn these savages loose , justice will take care of itself .	May they just need to turn these savage loose, justice will take care of itself.	1
The race traitors sicken me too .	The racial traitors sick me too.	1
Then the nonwhites seek us out find us then whites have to hide again .	Then the nonwhites seek us out and find us then the whites have to hide again.	3
I do n't blame you , all the yucky nonwhite DNA pawing your food as they pass it over the UPC scanner , disgusting .	I don’t blame you, all the yucky non-white DNA pawing your food as they pass it over the UPC scanner, disgusting.	1
These groids went haywire when they got in there and found themselves a white girl .	These groids went haywire when she got in there and found herself a white girl.	1
And it ai n't your daddy 's New World Order either , more like a Jew World Order .	And it’s not your dad’s New World Order either, more like a Jewish World Order.	1
Yes , ruby lipped , white skinned red haired boy is part SUDANESE .	Yes, ruby lipped, white skinned red haired boy is part of SUDANESE.	3
Except , of course , for those that pander to the filthy sons and daughters of Satan like ' ol Sandra here .	Except, of course, for those who devote themselves to the filthy sons and daughters of Satan like 'ol Sandra here.	1
What I do know is that I live on a small Island and it seems that a lot of people from various countries in the world are willing to desert their homelands and their families just to come here , in my mind that tells me a lot about said people and their home countries , most of all it highlights their weaknesses of how their own countries have let them down and how they feel the need to feed off somebody elses country , how should we English interpret this without sounding rude ??? , locust ??? , parasite ??? , you tell me .	What I do know is that I live on a small island and it seems that a lot of people from various countries in the world are willing to desert their homelands and their families just to come here, in my mind that tells me a lot about said people and their home countries, most of all it highlights their weaknesses of how their own countries have let them down and how they feel the need to feed off somebody eles country, how should we English interpret this without sounding rude???, locust???, parasite???, you tell me.	1
A feher embernek nincs jovoje Kanadaba , az biztos , mert az orszag el van arasztva nem-feher bevandorlokkal .	A feher embernek nincs jovoje Canada, az biztos, mert az orszag el van arasztva nem-feher bevandorlokk.	2
if he 's a coke addict - try to find out where he gets the coke from and rat him out .... you will be a hero and can have your own party while all the nigs are behind bars	If he's a coke addict - try to find out where he gets the coke from and rat him out....you'll be a hero and can have your own party while all the nigs are behind bars	1
We are far closer to being neanderthals than apes .	We are much closer to being Neanderthals than apes.	1
This is the last straw , how much more will damage Europe and Western civilization these Zionists ?	This is the last straw, how much more will damage Europe and Western civilization these Sionists?	1
Ireland does n't need arab scum like these .	Ireland doesn’t need Arab scum like these.	1
In fact , if you buy California fruit , you have tasted illegal alien DNA .	In fact, if you buy California fruit, you have tasted illegal alien DNA.	1
Charlton Heston is rolling over in his grave knowing an ape has been elected to the white house .	Charlton Heston is rolling over in his tomb knowing a monkey has been elected to the White House.	1
Mass white immigration is Ireland 's current scourge and should be slashed by 95-97 % ..	Mass white immigration is Ireland’s current plague and should be cut by 95-97%.	1
The worst city I have ever seen in person was Miami Florida .	The worst city I’ve ever seen in person was Miami Florida.	3
I'm young and viciously angry I 'm not going to lie or apologize for my actions i treat non whites like utter crap and i always have and always will they are n't human in my eyes Anyone who tries to wipe out my race and culture will be met by hostility by me any race who rape and abuse their and my women will be met by hostility and contempt by me WPWW	I am young and viciously angry I'm not going to lie or apologize for my actions I treat non-whites as utter shit and I always have and always will they are n'human in my eyes Anyone who tries to wipe out my race and culture will be met by hostility by me any race who rape and abuse their and my women will be meet by hostility and contempt by me WPWW	1
If this stupid brown savages would stop slaughtering animals or worshipping them ( like they do in India ) , maybe they would n't be starving and so poor .	If these stupid brown savages would stop slaughtering animals or worshipping them (as they do in India), they’t be starving and so poor.	1
Insanity is running amok in this once great country .	Madness is running mad in this once great country.	3
They must have trapped her somehow , and sent her thru the network to Israel .	They must have trapped her somehow, and sent her through the network to Israel.	1
May they be put away for good .	May they be removed for good.	1
Any kind of civilization Negroes have today is a gift from the White race .	Any kind of civilization Negroes today have is a gift from the White race.	1
I'm heading down to DC to put a sign on the White House gates that will read : ' No savage negro BEASTS in the White House ! '	I’m heading down to DC to put a sign on the White House gates that will say: ‘No wild negro beasts in the White house!’	1
Sounds like a Jew teacher .	It sounds like a Jewish teacher.	3
You 're worried about affirmative action and liberals , that 's your spot .	You’re worried about affirmative action and liberales, that’s your place.	1
That's vile , but I ca n't say it 's a big shock , their culture seems to glorify that sort of behaviour ...	That’s ugly, but I can’t say it’s a big shock, their culture seems to glorify that kind of behavior...	1
If it 's black , send it back .	If it is black, send it back.	1
Not to mention that they do n't belong here anyway .	Not to mention that they don’t belong here anyway.	1
unless you are a tourist or here the study for a year or two please just go back Russian , we dont need or want more slavs	unless you are a tourist or here the study for a year, or two please just go back Russian, we don’t need or want more slaves	1
When the entire non-White world is breathing down your neck waiting for an opportunity to kill you , anything you do to protect yourself is self-defense .	When the whole non-White world is breathing down your neck waiting for an opportunity to murder you, anything you do to protect yourself is self-defense.	1
This is really not European news , but everybody should know that after years of Lebanese and other arabs intimmidating white women on Cronulla beach and after the cowardly attack on two white life-savers ( !! ) the Lebanese got theirs yesterday .	This is really not European news, but everyone should know that after years of Lebanese and other Arabs intimidating white women on Cronulla beach and after the cowardly attack on two white life-savers (!! ) the Lebanesians got theirs yesterday.	1
It 'll be a welcome change to see a fellow WN from seeing hundreds of lefty bastards going to see RATM .	It’ll be a welcome change to see a fellow WN from seeing hundred leftist bastards going to see RATM.	1
Sub 70 I.Q. I would say for sure .	Under 70 I.Q. I’d say for sure.	1
The Black race is yet to invent any kind of civilization .	The Black race is yet not to invent any kind of civilizations.	1
The Official Website of the British People 's Party A few unpleasant truths re. the zionist ass lickers of the DUP	The Official Website of the British People's Party A Few Unpleasant Truths Re. the Zionist Ass Lickers of the DUP	1
As far as Baldwin goes , what an anomaly that place is .	As far as Baldwin goes, what an anomaly that place is.	3
Most White Western Women have the racial sense of a cabbage .	Most white Western women have the racial sense of a chicken.	1
Thank the Gods she has chosen to go with her own kind .	Thank God she chose to go with her own kind.	1
I feel so sorry for all you people living there , wish you could all move here hopefully you do n't suffer like your neighbours in zimbabwe .	I feel so sorry for all you people living there, wish you could all move here hopefully you do not suffer like your neighbors in Zimbabwe.	1
So laughable .....	So funny...	3
Yeah London has gone to hell , when all the remaining whites are gone it will become a zombie town of crumbling buildings , dealers and junkies .	Yeah London has gone to hell, when all the remaining whites are gone it will become a zombie town of crumbleing buildings, dealers and junkies.	1
That 's unheard of today !	That’s unheard from today!	3
They act quite civilized in the video but i suppose they went on a mugging spree after .	They act quite civilised in the video but I suppose they went on a mugging spree after.	1
That 's it I slag off anyone who did n't vote BNP or NF .	That’s it I slag off anyone who didn’t vote BNP or NF.	1
Seriously Canada would have been better off if they left the pakis at home , im like you I do n't object to asians because they at least try to fit in .	Seriously Canada would have been better off if they left the pakis at home, im like you I don’t object to Asians because they at least try to fit in.	1
When they sent n iggers to space the space ships started blowing up .	When they sent n iggers into space the space ships began to blow up.	1
Forsetinn segir það hafa sent mikilvæg skilaboð til annarra þjóða að Íslendingar skyldu styðja sjálfsstæðisyfirlýsinguna .	The latter said that the latter had sent a skilaboð to annarra þjóða að Íslendingar skyldu styðja sjálfsstæðisyfyrlýsinguna.	2
He walks upright , and has human arms and legs .	He walks upright, and has human arms and leg.	1
The only people he 's demoralizing ( or trying to demoralize ) are the families of these dead troops at funerals .	The only people he’s demoralizing (or trying to demoralize) are the families of these dead troops at funerals.	3
Yeah, we could do with the same amount of black rapists as the Nordic countries are privileged enough to have .	Yes, we could do with the same amount of black rapists as Nordic countries are privileged enough to have.	1
well i am sure that the jews have the cure for aids but they wont give it to the fags cause they already served their purpoise	Well I am sure that the Jews have the cure for aids but they won’t give it to the fags because they already served their purpose.	1
The white man has no future in Canada , that is for sure , because the country is being flooded with non-white immigrants .	The white man has no future in Canada, that is for sure, because the country is being flooded with non-white immigrans.	1
You are lying and flip-flopping .	You are lying, and flip-floping.	3
They are no better than their daughters , they should have disowned them instead of parading a kid around town that looks nothing like them .	They are no better than their daughters, they should have dismissed them instead of parading a boy around town that looks nothing like them.	1
Remind them that they 're just another Jew tool and that they are basically spitting on the graves of millions of people that were murdered by real Communists .	Remind them that they are just another Jewish tool and that they’re basically spitting on the graves of millions of people who were murdered by real Communists.	1
To me it means that Jewish supremacists will never again allow Whites to have a say .	To me it means that Jewish supremacist will never again allow whites to have a say.	1
A mud is a mud is a mud that 's all there is to it .	A mud is a mud is the mud that is all there is to it.	1
Hell I 'd rather clean a dozen tiolets a day then have to walk into a bathroom and see some mongrel standing there with a mop giving me a glassy-eyed stare .	Hell I’d rather clean a dozen tiolets a day then have to walk into a bathroom and see a few mongrel standing there with a mop giving me a glassy-eyed star.	1
BTW you are not wrong about Mildura , I went through there in mid 2000 and there was n't a non-White in sight but late last year when I went through there all I saw were islanders , indians , asians , and whatever other crap little johnnie could get dumped into the country .	BTW you’re not wrong about Mildura, I went through there in mid 2000 and there was no non-White in sight but late last year when I went there all I saw were islanders, Indians, Asians, and whatever other shit little johnnie could get dumped into the country.	1
I think this would just be a tighter grip the ZOG would have on us .	I think this would just be a tightening grip the ZOG would have on us.	1
Actually, it 's not us who 's killing them ... it 's they who are killing us .	In fact, it’s not us who’s killing them... it’re they who’re killing us.	1
If ra-heem had a gat wit 17 bumps and jose ' dised him in front of OG peeps and he capped dat bitch twice den double tapp hector jus cause he be dere , monique pregnant , say ra-heem baby daddy , how much welfare they get ? multiply food stamps X project housing add free utilities , stolen cars and drugs sold to find out why they are still poor	If ra-heem had a gat wit 17 bumps and jose' dised him in front of OG peeps and he capped dat bitch twice den double tapp hector jus cause he be dere, monique pregnant, say ra-heim baby daddy, how much welfare they get? multiply food stamps X project housing free add utilities, stolen cars and drugs sold to find out why they are still poor	1
There is only about 10 black kids in our school and 300 f' n spics. its my senior year and i really cant stand all this anymore. i know there are lots of others on this board that feel the same , but i need some support !	There are only about 10 black kids in our school and 300 f'n spics. it's my senior year and I really don't stand all this anymore. i know there are lots of others on this board that feel the same, but I need some support!	1
Only a f' n jew would have the nerve to hide away in a black country , a fugitive from US law , while making campaign promises at the same time as suing the company he defrauded .	Only a Jew would have the nerve to hide away in a black country, a fugitive from US law, while making campaign promises at the same time as suing the company he defrauded.	1
God please bless with wisdom the judge and jury against this group of thugs that they all might be hanged .	God please bless with wisdom the judge and jury on this group of thugs that they all might be hanged.	1
I hope it is forgotten and we focus on the Holdomor and the death of 10 million Christians .	I hope it is forgotten and we focus upon the Holdomor and the death of 10 million Christians.	3
Definitely my dad said in his city growing up only nonwhites were a Chinese family running a Chinese restaurant everyone else was white .	Definitely my dad said in his city growing up only non-whites were a Chinese family running a Chinese restaurant everyone else was white.	3
Liberals will have you believe it is so they can blame Whitey but it 's all such a mixed hell hole , all that breeding with arabs ....	Liberals will have you believe it is so they can blame Whitey but it’s all such a mixed hell hole, all that breeding with Arabs.	1
There are so many race mixing ads on TV that it gets overwhelming .	There are so many race mixing ad on TV that it gets overwhelming.	1
Gay marriage has no place in any society , regardless of your race and culture.It destroys , morals , values , and the future of your offspring that will keep your race and culture alive.Regardless of your race and culture , homosexuality and gay marriage is the genocide of mankind .	Gay marriage has no place in any society, regardless of your race and culture.It destroys, morals, values, and the future of your offspring that will keep your race, culture alive.	1
The blood of hundreds of white women is on the hands of white liberals .	The blood of hundreds of white females is in the hands of white liberals.	1
thats good there they was cleaning the moscow the same way like the capital i with thay would clean here this banana republic ( Washington DC ) send all this blacks and welffare resipiance to the mexico or at list Detroid 2056	That’s good there they were cleaning the Moscow the same way as the capital I with thay would clean here this banana republic (Washington DC) send all this blacks and welfare resipiance to the Mexico or at list Detroid 2056	1
Living in a boarder state , Texas , the problems of illegal aliens is , naturally , a stark reality , and let me add that the only solution that I see is the implimentation of U.S. Troops as guards on the Mexican boarder .	Living in a border state, Texas, the problems of illegal aliens is, naturally, a rough reality, and let me add that the only solution I see is the implementation of U.S. troops as guards on the Mexican border.	1
Living expenses in Stockholm are very high and some poor Swedes and other Whites have no choice but to live in non-white suburbs .	Living costs in Stockholm are very high and some poor Swedes and other Whites have no other choice than to live in non-white suburbs.	1
Are you asking the Africans in South Africa why they hate White people so much that they have murdered over 40 thousand of them since the end of White rule ?	Are you asking the Africans in South Africa why they hate white people so much that they have murdered over 40 thousand of them since the end Of White rule?	1
This disgusting negro makes us ( white people ) look bad .	This disgusting negro makes me (white people) look bad.	1
They all need to be sent back to Afreka along with the Joos that control our politicians .	They all need to be sent back to Afreca along with the Joos who control our politicians.	1
Perhaps the proud indigenous inhabitants of Dublin do n't want their culture ' enriching ' ( ruining ) with tripe like this .	Per the proud indigenous inhabitants of Dublin do not want their culture to be “enriched” (ruin) with tripe like this.	1
I'm not sure what sort of information you 're seeking but I recently found a number of Blacks who have been convicted for knowingly transmitting HIV/AIDS : Kouassi Adaye http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/uk_news/e...de/3389735.stmJohnsonAzigahttp://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Johnson_AzigaStanislasKanengele-Yondohttp://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Stanislas_Kanengele-YondjoTrevisSmithhttp://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Trevis_SmithAdrienSylverNduwayohttp://www.thenownews.com/issues06/0...031206nn2.htmlWillieAtkinshttp://www.dallasnews.com/sharedcont....32a4d9fd.htmlNushawnWilliamshttp://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Nushawn_WilliamsSimonMolhttp://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Simon_MolEversonBandahttp://www.dailymail.co.uk/pages/liv...=5&expand=truePeterMwaihttp://www.crime.co.nz/c-files.asp?ID=36WilliamKaranjahttp://www.amren.com/mtnews/archives...n_rapist_j.phpLinkoyMuhurihttp://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/uk_news/e...on/3256352.stmMohammedDicahttp://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/uk_news/e...on/3190626.stmFestonKonzanihttp://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/uk_news/e...es/4267433.stmGabrielVengesaihttp://www.dailymail.co.uk/pages/liv ... n _ page _ id = 1770	I'm not sure what kind of information you're looking for but I recently found a number of Blacks who have been convicted for knowingly transmitting HIV/AIDS : Kouassi Adaye http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/uk_news/e...de/3389735.stmJohnsonAzigahttp://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Johnsons_AzigaStanislasKanengele-Yondohttp //en.Wikipedia.org /wiki/Stanise_Kanengel-YonohttP://en.wikipedia.com/wiki /www.bbd.com / www.dallasnews/bbbbbbt/contracted /de/www.dallys.com //www.save.com_p.org_exp.html_exp_files_stones_world_world.org _www.this_p/p.p.com://www.m.p/save/phth.com=http://www/sav.com.com/3/3rd/eq/ptttttt/pWEB /www/pdfcity/p/website/png/pw.co/pfth/pHTT/pc/phr/pthis/p4/pct/pnews/p://wwwwww.pht.png.pth.co-pht/pkt/pk.co /phts/phd/ppt/pust/pyt/pyst.pkt.co_phtpht /wwwwww/c/s/s://www-p.co.phtc/c.ptt/s.pft/pg/p>phty/pff/pv/pst.pct.pust.ppt /www-s/www/wwwwwwwww-c/www-co/source/pphtdll/pect/pots/pdll /p.s/c-pft /www /pttc/web/ptr.pyt /pft.pw/prt/putt/pTT/www www.	1
All of this diversity crap needs to stop soon whites will be extinct and I 'm not living in a brown world I want a clean white world	All this diversity shit needs to stop soon whites will be extinct and I'm not living in a brown world I want a clean white world	1
i am just down the road to you.welcome to the board.it breaks my heart every time i go to Galway city and see the amount of blacks there.the other week i was walking down shop street and there was a moslem standing in the street selling copies of the koran	I'm just down the road to you.welcome to the board.it breaks my heart every time I go to Galway city and see the amount of blacks there.the other week I was walking down shop street and there was a Muslim standing in the street selling copies of the Qur'an	1
Hell I 'd rather clean a dozen tiolets a day then have to walk into a bathroom and see some mongrel standing there with a mop giving me a glassy-eyed stare .	Hell I’d rather clean a dozen tiolets a day then have to walk into a bathroom and see a few mongrel standing there with a mop giving me a glassy-eyed star.	1
the black security guards are racist and look evil and are always giving dirty looks to white customers especially polish customers !	The black security guards are racist and look evil and are constantly giving dirty looks to white customers especially Polish customers!	1
I hope the Ukrainians become experts in identifing all the toxic mushrooms springing up .	I hope the Ukrainians become experts in identifying all the toxic mushrooms sprang up.	3
the kind of perversion that leads to homosexuality also leads to pedophilia. why take the risk , and even if the homosexuals turned out not to be pedophiles why would anyone want a child to live with two perverts .	Why take the risk, and even if the homosexuals turned out to be not pedophiles why would anyone want a child to live with two perverted?	1
Do non Whites really think they measure up to Whites ?	Do not white people really think they measure up to white people?	1
Because they are essentially child-like and until someone steps up and says something they will just carry on , again like children .	Because they are essentially childlike and until someone steps up and says something they will just carry forward, again like children.	1
Good luck with your bugchasing , homo . . .	Good luck with your bugchesing, homo.	1
Laugh it up ape cause without yt to protect your race Asians will probably do the world a favour and wipe your kind from the face of the Earth .	Laugh it up ape cause without yt to protect your race Asians will probably make the world a favor and wipe your kind from the face of the Earth.	1
Yup, Africans breeding like cockroaches , AIDs is not killing them off fast enough to stop their growth !	Yes, Africans breeding like cockroaches, AIDs is not killing them off fast enough to stop their growing!	1
`` Those evil Whites .	“These evil white people.	1
Agreed, The Blacks and Hispanics should have their own school only for them and have worse education than the children whites like that might not compete with our children whites .	Agreed, the Blacks and Hispanics should have their own school only for them and have worse education than white children like that might not compete with our white children.	1
that crap about blacks being tougher stornonger etc is crap it aint matter when its out on the street it a all new ball game	that shit about blacks being harder stornonger etc. is shit it aint matter when it is out on the street it a all new ball game	1
Homosexuals ca n't undo the fight against White Genocide , only hypocrites can , I 'd rather have openly homosexual men on our side than closet fags or sexual deviants who skulk about pretending to be something they 're not .	Homosexuals can’t overturn the fight against White Genocide, only hypocrites can, I’d rather have openly homosexual men on our side than closet fags or sexual deviants who sculk about pretending to be something they’re not.	1
They have no allegiance to Ukraine , their allegiance is to their god of money , power and the eternal enslavement of the hated goyim .	They have no allegiance to Ukraine, their allegiantness is to their god of money, power and the eternal enslavement of the hated goyim.	1
They go around school acting like being half White/half black or half White/half asian is something to be proud of .	They go around school acting like being half white/half black or half white /half Asian is something to be proud of.	1
Take it slow then gradual , hell make them watch MTV for a few hours it 's the same thing as animal planet. and just gradually introduce them to your views .	Take it slow then gradual, hell make them watch MTV for a few hours it's the same thing as animal planet. and just gradually introduce them to your views.	1
SUOMALAINEN ÄÄNESTÄ KANSALLISMIELISIÄ KOSKA NYT VIEDÄÄN VIIMEISIÄ !!	The newly created newly-founded newly formed new newly!	2
Ð ÐµÑ Ð ° Ð '' Ð 3\/4Ð1\/2Ð¸ÑÐ°-ÑÑÐ´Ð3\/4ÐÑÐµÑ Ð ² ÐµÑ Ðµ Ð Ð 3\/4 Ð ³ Ð 3\/4ÑÐ3\/4Ð´Ð¸ÑÐµ1.	a  3  4  1  2  5  6  10	2
YouTube - Broadcast Yourself .	YouTube – Broadcast Your.	2
18 times in the last 20 years It 's time for the next generation to fight back to regain our country ..... the baby boomers will lose it for us if we do nothing .	18 times in the last 20 years It’s time for the next generation to fight back to regain our country... the baby boomers will lose it for us if we do nothing.	1
Itt a legtobb Kanadai anti-rasszista , aki meg nem , az fel kimondani az erzelmeit , mert ez sajnos a multikulturalizmus oraszaga .	Here is a legtobb Canadian anti-racist, aki meg nem, az fel kimondani az erzelmeit, mert ez sajnos a multikulturalismus oraszaga.	2
You can take a negro out of Africa and have it grow up in Boston and Orlando , and it still reverts to its innate negro ways the moment it hits its native African soil .	You can take a negro out of Africa and have it grow up in Boston and Orlando, and it still returns to its innate negro ways the moment it hits its native African soil.	1
Click below for a FREE download of a colorfully illustrated 132 page e-book on the Zionist-engineered INTENTIONAL destruction of Western civilization .	Click below for a FREE download of a colorfully illustrated 132 page e-Book on the Zionist-engineered INTENTIONAL Destruction of Western Civilization.	1
Moreover , children 's programs are usually lead by non-Whites , very often mulattos .	Moreover, children's programs are usually led by non-whites, very often mulattos.	3
It is also a breeding ground for Dieversity , and Libturd Indoctronation .	It is also a breeding ground for Dieverity, and Libturd Indoctronation.	1
id like kids eventually. but not now. as for your sterlization. that is great. there really is no use for ppl to produce kids if they are wackos. being a nutjob is herditary .	id like kids eventually. but not now. as for your sterilization. that is great. there really is no use for ppl to produce kids if they are wackos.	1
I bet they 'll find a way to invent a new hoax .	I bet they’ll find a way to invent a fresh hoax.	1
A becsület napjás videó nagyon tuti , mindig amikor nézek felvételeket , vagy ismerőseim , barátaim mesélik , hihetetlen sajnálom , h a tanév pont úgy esik , h nem tudok ott lenni ...	A becsület napjás videó bardzo tuti, always when nézek felvételeket, vagy ismerőseim, barátaim mesélik, hihetetlen sajnálom, h a tanév pont úgy esik, h nem tudok ott lenni...	2
Good, it is about time those progressive libtards got theirs for the generations of young white minds they have perverted with their pseudo-education .	Well, it is about time those progressive libtards got theirs for the generations Of young white minds They have perverted with their pseudo-education.	1
The White race is best because when the Creator made Whites , He made them better than He made the other races .	The White race is best because when the Creator made Whits, He made them better than He made the other races.	1
It should come as no surprise that the Jews start embracing the degeneracy that they promote ; what goes around comes around .	It should come as no surprise that the Jews begin to embrace the degeneration that they promote; what goes around comes around.	1
Classic brainwashing .	The classic brainwash.	3
South Africa has returned to the Stone Age in 20 years .	South Africa has returned the Stone Age in 20 years.	1
ya they are lazy drug-attics ... and they cant get a real job , all they do is deal drugs or they jump job to job to job ...	Yes they are lazy drug-attics...and they don’t get a real job, all they do is deal drugs or they jump job to job to work...	1
The problem is that through western elites we have to feed and look after useless savages like malema .	The problem is that through Western elites we have to feed and look after useless savage like malema.	1
Such a shàme how we 've allowed blacks and browns to destroy every last square inch of our cities .	Such a shame how we’ve allowed blacks and browns to destroy every last squar inch of our cities.	1
Dat Da `` Rainbow Nation '' folks ..... Da rainbow being all the different colours of the trash in Da Street .	Da Rainbow Nation people... Da rainbow being all the different colors of the garbage in Da Street.	1
It is easier for other races to follow the herd but not Whites .	It is easier for other races, but not the Whites, to follow the flock.	1
So according to your logic since blacks have been in N.America for hundreds of yrs they should be allowed to stay ? and yes whites should leave africa .	So according to your logic since blacks have been in N. America for hundreds of years they should be allowed to stay – and yes whites should leave Africa.	1
Beautiful Sweden poisoned by Arab/Muslim trash .	Beautiful Sweden poisoning by Arab/Muslim trash.	1
I bet those Liberal men are sure proud of their daughter now ...	I bet those Liberal men sure are proud of their daughter now...	3
These moslem filth hacked there heads off it took about 30 seconds !	These Muslim dirt hacked there heads off it took around 30 seconds!	1
YouTube- Broadcast Yourself .	YouTube – Broadcast Your.	2
Therefore everyone in this thread is a holocaust survivor .	Therefore everyone in this thread are a Holocaust survivor.	1
hey and if you ever experience a lawsuit from the negro hispanic jews claiming you are racist , simply make an example of the hundreds of negro mexican schools that deny white children .	Hey and if you ever experience a lawsuit from the negro Hispanic Jews claiming you are racist, just make an example of the hundreds of negro Mexican schools that deny white children.	1
I say let him in and let him rant his mouth with all the Mudslums !	I say let him in and let him rush his mouth with all the mudslums!	1
Back to where ya came from !	Back to Where You Come From!	1
When I watch things like this I pray God will have vengeance on these sub humans even if they have asked for forgiveness .	When I watch things like this I pray God will have revenge on these subhumans even if they have asked for forgiveness.	1
No wonder this races achieve nothing .	No wonder these races nothing.	1
I'm looking for a white enchanting girl , That I can have by my side , . through the thick filth that us americans go through and the best of times aswell .	I am looking for a white enchanting girl, That I can have by my side, through the thick dirt that we Americans go through and the best of times as well.	1
Maximum resistance towards Zog !	Maximum resistant to Zog!	1
everyone who doesnt speak Romanian and look as in WHITE get out of Romania a move back to your homeland .	Everyone who does not speak Romanian and look like in white get out of Romania a move back to your homeland.	1
I've always said that black people make the perfect slaves because anyone who cannot or will not take responsibility and be master of their own lives is already a slave .	I have always said that black people make the perfect slaves because anyone who can or will not take responsibility and be master of their own lives is already a slave.	1
Every white person from Michigan knows that our Detroit negros are the worst in America .	Every white person from Michigan knows that our Negroes in Detroit are the worst in America.	1
I 'm surprised they 're not holding the gun back to front .	I’m surprised they’re not holding the gun back to the front.	1
Cowardly scum from the Irish countryside bigging up in army jackets .	Cowardly scum from the Irish country bigging up in army jackets.	1
High time they get back to mother Affika and fix that mess .	High time they get back to Mother Affika and fix that mess.	1
Oh wait thats what the whites are doing for them , kind of like a zoo ?	Oh wait, that’s what the whites are doing for them, kind of like a zoo?	1
They wo n't rest till they have wiped us off the face of the earth	They do not rest until they have wiped us off the face	1
YouTube - Broadcast Yourself .	YouTube – Broadcast Your.	2
When most whites today have so much white guilt laid upon them that they feel they have to act black or have sexual relations and children with blacks just to be accepted there is a problem with the white race memo .	When most whites today have so much white guilt laid on them that they feel they have to act black or have sexual relations and children with blacks just to be accepted there’s a problem with the white race memo.	1
I suppose the concept of a male cow and a female cow producing MORE cows , and the repeating process is too much for them to understand .	I suppose the concept of a male cow and a female cow producing more cows, and the repeating process is too much for them to understand.	1
We need to deport all nonwhites immediately , that or stop letting more in and sterilize the ones here , that will fix the problem .	We need to deport all nonwhites immediately, that or stop letting more in and sterilize those here, that will fix the problem.	1
I bet you can see the Mexic-ants from space with the Google Earth. photo ants on picnic table CYF salt of the earth	I bet you can see the Mexican-ants from space with the Google Earth. photo ants on picnic table	1
The media wants to bury the story because they care more about homo killers not getting their sick fetish for young boys fufilled .	The media wants to bury the story because they care more about gay killers not getting their sick fetish for young boys fufillated.	1
General1812 I think maybe they now starting to have cold feet ; as the race who have feed them will die out .	I think maybe they now begin to have cold feet; as the race who has fed them will die out.	1
Education system is messed up for the same reason everything else is messed up - Jews , non-whites and liberal women run and ruin everything .	The education system is messed up for the same reason everything else is messing up – Jews, non-white and liberal women run and ruin everything.	1
I wish you luck , is it any wonder Jew males lust for our White women ?	I wish you luck, is it any wonder Jewish men lust for our White women?	1
I've never been to London but from what I 've heard it 's like spot the white man and every girl down there almost has a little niglet half breed .	I’ve never been to London but from what I’m heard it’s like spot the white man and every girl down there almost has a little niglet half-race.	1
the entire system of classes are a marxist invention. the judeo-bolsheviks are using this to divide our society. in other words ' Divide et impera ' .	The whole system of classes is a Marxist invention. the Judeo-Bolsheviks are using this to divide our society.	1
( Includes : one pair of baggy pants , one pistol , a set of golden grills , a looting guide titled ' But I dendu nuffin ' , and one race card )	(Includes: one pair of baggy pants, one pistol, a set of golden grills, a looting guide titled 'But I dendu nuffin', and one race card)	3
I reported some time ago that negroes will even strip the bricks off your home while you are away at work .	I some time ago that Negroes will even strip the bricks off your home while you’re away at work.	1
Piece of * * * * deserves to be shot .	Piece of * * * deserves to get shot.	1
Watching those videos makes me feel like im going to explode with hatred for those creatures .	Watching those videos makes me feel like I’m going to explode with hatred for those creature.	1
I 've always considered teaching as one of the professions I would like to get into , but not in a neighbourhood like that ... never. kids like that disgust me .	I’ve always considered teaching as one of the professions I’d like to get into, but not in a neighborhood like that... never.	1
I hope such classes will be the future of all Russia	I hope such classes are the future of all Russia.	3
Blacks and mexicans were represented thoroughly. do yourselves a favor , shoot your t.v. !	Black and Mexicans were represented thoroughly. do yourself a favor, shoot your TV!	1
If you think that 's funny , you should have seen the black guy that used to run around my home town wearing a kkk emblem.But people like that are usualy not that bright .	If you think that's funny, you should have seen the black guy who used to run around my home town wearing a kkk emblem.But people like that are usually not that bright.	1
Intellectual morons , or educated idiots , are good phrases to describe them .	Intellectual morons, or educated idiots, are good phrases to describe them.	1
The problem is in blacks ' heads , but hey , you have already known that .	The problem is in the black’s heads, but hey, you’ve already known that.	1
11000 euro !?! * * * * ing scum ! i wonder if anyone would get anything if they set themselves up in a polish area and started begging. they would probably get a * * * * ing beating .	11000 euro!?! * * * ing scum! I wonder if anyone would get anything if they set up themselves in a Polish area and started begging.	1
http://www.youtube.com/watch ? v = w-yIU ... elated & search =	http://www.youtube.com/watch? w = w-yIU... elated & search=	2
And now this clip suggests they were suffering by having to live among heartless and barbarian Whites .	And now this clip suggests they were suffering by had to live among heartless and barbaric Whites.	1
And most people will laugh and shake their head at you when you tell them that Jews are a very dangerous group of people .	And most people will laugh and shake their head at you if you tell them that Jews are a very dangerous group of people.	1
As usual the magic negro opens his mouth and lies pour forth .	As usual the black magician opens his mouth and lies pour out.	1
All of them plus tens of thousands of their relatives will get to stay here .	All of them plus tens of thousands and thousands of their relatives will get to remain here.	3
Not only is this case typical of the feral sub humans but it 's a perfect example for our people of how totally out of control they are and that they cannot be allowed to remain among us .	Not only is this case typical of the wild sub-humans but it’s a perfect example for our people of how totally out of control they are and that they cannot be allowed for staying among us.	1
I think it is a bit late to think to look after the safety and the future of white people in South africa .	I think it’s a little late to think about taking care of the safety and future of white people in South Africa.	1
how the hell are they going to integrate into Irish society ? They come from a dirt poor medieval country and have spent the last 3 years living in a refugee camp.what skills are they going to bring here ?	They come from a dirt poor medieval country and have spent the last 3 years living in a refugee camp.	1
They probably stole a bunch of stuff .	They probably stole some stuff.	1
Couple Befriend Negroid , Negroid Tries To Burn Down Couples Home - NNN Reporters Newsroom Forum Moblie Couple Says Neighbor Tried to Set Their Apartment on Fire Reported by : Irika Sargent Last Update : 4/25 9 : 01 pm Moblie Couple Says Neighbor Tried to Set Their Apartment on Fire | Local15tv.com , Mobile & Pensacola News , Entertainment , Videos , Business Search and Shopping This is what happens when you make friends with spearchuckers .	Couple Befriend Negroid, Negroid Tries To Burn Down Couples Home - NNN Reporters Newsroom Forum Moblie Couple Says Neighbor Tried To Set Their Apartment On Fire Reported By: Irika Sargent Last Update : 4/25 9 : 01 pm Moblie couple Sells Neighbour Tried to Set Theer Apartment on Fire Local15tv.com, Mobile & Pensacola News, Entertainment, Videos, Business Search and Shopping This is what happens when you make friends with speechchucks.	1
I'm not allowed to use any negro inventions ?	I am not allowed to use any black inventions.	3
YouTube - Broadcast Yourself .	YouTube – Broadcast Your.	2
This Is The Most Disturbing Muslim ' Refugee ' Video You Will Ever See - BuzzPo	This Is The Most Disturbing Muslim 'Refugee' Video You Will Ever See - BuzzPo	3
Situation in Switzerland is terrible , blacks and muslims are everywhere ! We were a great Country with a great People but all these monkeys are transforming Switzerland in a zoo where law is not respected .	We were a great country with a great people but all these monkeys are transforming Switzerland into a zoo where law is not respected.	1
There are many alternatives to adopting little mud babies.There is srrogate mothers and invitro fertilization are just two.If these are not financialy possile then wait till it is .	There are many alternatives to adopting little mud babies.There is srogate mothers and invitro fertilization are only two.If these are not financially possible then wait until it is.	1
Det er forresten en ting til Órkneyjar vil si deg , `` Tack så mycket . ''	There is a thing until Órkneyjar vil si deg, “Thank you so much.”	2
Were Whites to leave in large numbers leaving few Whites behind in South Africa the country would start going down hill and then maybe more Whites would begin to see what losers Negros are and how they cannot even maintain what is given to them .	If Whites were to leave in large numbers leaving few Whites behind in South Africa the country would start going down hill and then more Whites would begin to see what losers Negros are and how they can not even maintain what is given to them.	1
Having worked around blacks at my previous job every stereotype you hear are all true .	Having worked around blacks at my previous work every stereotype you hear is all true.	1
Well then , that makes the fact these scum are sending millions of their kin to my country , taking jobs from the White inhabitants , killing our people and mongrelizing our race all alright then .	Well then, that makes the fact these scum are sending millions of their relatives to my country, taking jobs from the White inhabitants, killing our people and mongrelizing our race all right then.	1
I 'm moving to a bigger house pretty soon , and that map is perfect for doing a groidal analysis .	I’m moving to a larger house pretty soon, and that map is perfect for doing a groidal analysis.	1
Every cultured society and all things therein were created by whites .	Every culture and everything in it was created by white people.	1
BaoFeng 左眼技术 采用左眼专利技术 利用cpu和gpu有效提升画质 在线高清 shd专利技术 , 1m带宽 流畅播放720p高清视频 3d技术	BaoFeng 左眼技术 采用左眼专利技术 利用cpu和gpu有效提升画质 用左眼專利技术, 1m带宽 流畅播放720p高清视频 3d技术	2
well, the liberals would go ape crazy .	Well, the liberals would get mad.	1
Of course , they are more virile than us , so that would n't happen would it ?!!!	Of course, they are more virile than us, so that’t happen would it be!!!	1
Искористи неки сајт за хостовање слика .	Use some website for hosting pictures.	2
She may or may not be a Jew but she 's certainly stupid , she seems to think the Blacks wo n't kill her alongside every other White they can get their dirty hands on , what a muppet !	She may or may not be a Jew but she's stupid, she seems to think the Blacks wo don't kill her alongside every other White they can get their dirty hands on, what a muppet!	1
WTF is wrong with the Irish ??	Is WTF wrong with the Irish??	3
If it continues England will become a cesspool of sh * * pardon my English	If it continues England will become a Cesspool of sh * * forgive my English	1
In Eternal Combat with that Satanic Spirit - The physical incarnation , creation of the Demiurge : The Jews .	In Eternal Combat with that Satanic Spirit - The physical incarnation, creation of the Demiurge: The Jews.	1
The kikes probably put the Leftist up to it , to make it seem like they do n't have total control of everyone .	The kikes probably put the Leftist up to it, to make it seem like they do not have total control of everyone.	1
Latest reported attack on students by the local Negroes was on a couple out getting a pizza in the late evening hours , 4 Blacks jumped them on their walk home .	The latest attack on students by the local Negroes was on a couple out getting a pizza at the late evening hours, 4 Blacks jumped them on their walk home.	1
Five years ago there were zero `` apathetic refugee children '' in Sweden .	Five years ago there were zero “apathic refugee children” in Sweden.	3
I going to get homeschooled tired of looney lefty teachers and the negroes	I'll get home-schooled tired of looney leftist teachers and the negers	1
So it 's not enough Professor Ratajczak 's life was destroyed when he was fired , some filthy desert rat from Israel still had to go kill him ?	So it’s not enough Professor Ratajczak’s life was destroyed when he was fired, some dirty desert rat from Israel still had to go to kill him?	1
Sad it happens more and more they want to take ours but what do they think i want to date one of those negro women	Sadly it happens more and more they want to take our but what do they think I want to date one of those black women	1
Having recently traveled to London I was disgusted by how non-white the city had become .	Having recently traveled to London I was disgraced by how non-white the city had become.	1
Damn affirmative action they got the white house , now our beer halls , their is only one safe place left ... God 's save Iceland .	Damn affirmative action they got the White House, now our beer halls, their is only one safe place left...God’s save Iceland.	1
I just need to turn on a tv and I see it advertised everywhere , mostly African apes with attractive white woman .	I just need to turn on a TV and I see it advertised everywhere, mostly African monkeys with attractive white woman.	1
The lesbian student will probably find a jew lawyer and sue for violating her civil rights.That 's a common jew tactic .	The lesbian student will probably find a Jewish lawyer and sue for violating her civil rights.	1
i would move to surrey just outside Kingston upon Thames ok Kingston is infested but outer areas are not too bad inner London is just a joke	I would move to surrey just outside Kingston on Thames ok Kingston is infested but outer areas are not too bad inside London is just a joke	1
Egyet se ismerek .	Egypt is known.	2
Islam is not compatible with our way of life in this green and pleasant isle.Irish people are white and Christian FFS !	Islam is not compatible with our way of life in this green and enjoyable island.Irish people are white and Christian FFS!	1
If we are White and wish to save this country rather than have it turn into a disorderly non-White hegemony , then we are all at a loss for what to do .	If we are White and want to save this country rather than have it turn into a disorderly non-White hegemonia, then we are all at a loss for what to do.	1
You are no different than any other manipulating Jew .	You are no different from any other manipulating Jew.	3
The UAF are just a bunch of middle class faggots , the EDL should steam into them every time they show up to counter a demonstration , they 'll soon run home to daddy .	The UAF are just a bunch of middle class faggots, the EDL should steam into them every time they show up to counter a demonstration, they’ll soon run home to daddy.	1
Even if they do stop pouring in most of those that are here have no intention of going back to poland .	Even if they do stop pouring in most of those who are here have no intention of going back to Poland.	1
Blacks have shown as they are able to survive all year round sitting on their arse waiting for comic relief .	Black people have shown how they are able to survive all year round sitting on their burse waiting for comic relief.	1
Slavery is a word which has special meaning to Americans .	Slavery is a word that has a special meaning for Americans.	3
hi school is a zoo and suck i hate my school to but white trash is some one who is a race mixers or a w * * * * * * white power at all times	Hi school is a zoo and suck i hate my school to but white trash is someone who is a race mixers or a w * * ** * white power at all times	1
This is why libtards and Jews call us white supremacists and get away with it .	This is why libtards and Jews calls us white supremacists and get away with it.	1
When I see this stuff nowadays it makes me wa n't to punch the white people who fall for it .	When I see this stuff nowadays it makes me wa not to punch the white people who fall for it.	1
Once again , blacks showing they cannot control themselves .	Again, blacks showing they can’t control themselves.	1
String ' em up !	String me up!	1
The powers that be want all Whites dumbed down with Negro blood .	The powers that are wanting all White dumbed down with Negro blood.	1
Just wait until they find a school where Asian girls are more violent and stupid than black males , and the leftists will have a plan on how to fight the achievement gap .	Just wait until they find a school where Asian girls are more violent and stupid than black men, and the leftists will have a plan on how to fight the achievement gap.	1
they act as if negros with aids should have the right to reproduce when they will die off and have no way to take care of the kid I cant believe that they are doing this by the millions its crazy	They act as if Negroes with aid should have the right to reproduce when they will die off and have no way to take care of the child I can't believe they are doing this by the millions of its crazy children.	1
One day when true people come to power in italy they will have to go back where they came from ! Italy to Italians !!	One day when real people come to power in Italy they will have to go back where they came from!	1
Anyways , smearing a single DNA stem with black DNA is horrible .	Anyway, smearing a single DNA stem with black DNS is horrible.	1
This girl was almost made another human sacrifice to your false god .	This girl was almost made another human offer to your false god.	1
You got that right in one go.Lets hope he gets well soon and on his way home If you do n't have these apes in your great Country then count your blessings	Let’s hope he gets well soon and on his way home If you do not have these monkeys in your great country then count your blessings	1
Traditionally, there have always been a lot of them despite the fact that NE Asians are the extreme version of our breeding strategy .	Traditionally, there have always been a lot of them despite that NE Asians are the extreme version of our breeding strategy.	1
Therefore they had to practice slavery before all other races .	Therefore they had to practice slaves before all other races.	1
When will people * * * * * * * wake up ?	When will people wake up?	3
Well, at least these dumb negroes got the fact that Jews are evil right ; though I suspect whitey and the jews are one in the same to their primitive minds ...	Well, at least these stupid Negroes got the fact that Jews are evil right; although I suspect whitey and the Jews is one in the same to their primitive minds...	1
But as for them adopting kids , the answer is NO .	But as for those adopting children, the answer is no.	1
Those boys will use the plastic whisks as swords , and the girls ' lego creations will consist of dollhouses for the few white dolls , with the dark ones in the adjoining farm pen .	Those boys will use the plastic whiskes as swords, and the girls’ lego creations will consist of dollhouses for the few white dolls, with the dark ones in the adjacent farm pen.	1
I am disgusted by the amount of white hate and brown love that teachers try to pump into my 16 year olds head .	I am disgusted by the amount of white hatred and brown love that teachers try to pump into my 16-year-old head.	1
The problem is well eventually run out of places to hide , then game over	The problem is well eventually run away from places to hide, then game over	3
I was driving near USC and It was ALL darkies .	I was driving near USc and it was all darkies.	3
Just because we can `` breed '' does n't mean we should .	Just because we can “breed” doesn’t mean we should.	1
YouTube - Broadcast Yourself .	YouTube – Broadcast Your.	2
These ' niggas ' .	These are the “negras”.	1
When I die just put a monitor in my coffin running a never ending holocaust documentary , just to make sure I nevah fo-get !	When I die just put a monitor in my coffin running a never-ending Holocaust documentary, just to make sure I nevah fo-get!	1
It 's just the way they are .	It’s just the way that they are.	1
Those Jewish murderers of millions of Whites have been forgiven .	Those Jewish murderers of million white people have been forgiven.	1
I 'm either in North Florida or Nigeria sometimes i ca n't tell the difference. mothergrinninbird@yahoo.com	I'm either in North Florida or Nigeria sometimes I can't tell the difference. mothergrinninbird@yahoo.	1
Perhaps I should walk back into my H.S. when it starts Monday and get on the P.A. system and say I want to tie all * * * * * * s to the back of my car and drag them across the ground till they die , and then say I 'm joking .	Per I should walk back into my H.S. when it starts Monday and get on the P.A. system and say I want to bind all * * ** * s to the back of my car and drag them across the ground until they die, and then say I'm joking.	1
I have never seen an Asian woman dating an Asian man.They like the white man they re-force wiggers and our detrimental towards our cause.Cpamikei	I have never seen an Asian woman dating an Asian man.They like the white man that they re-force wiggers and our detrimental towards our cause.	1
It congers up images of blacks in chains and whippings which was the intention .	It congregates up images of blacks in chains and whipping which was the intention.	3
Of course , it 's obvious why the Belgians outscored the `` Americans '' .	Of course, it’s obvious why the Belgians outscored the “Americans”.	3
The problems start when you start to accommonadate these people in the first place ! , give an inch and they 'll take a mile ......	The problems start when you start to accompany these people in the first place, give a inch and they’ll take a mile.	1
There have been times when I have walked past some nigerian or skinny and they will cough with hand at their side without care for those around them .	There have been times when I have walked past some nigerian or thin and they will cough with hand at their side without caring for those around them.	1
Probably the most disgusting thing I 've seen in the last year .	Probably the most disgusting things I’ve seen in the last year.	3
We should start gangs of our own and kill them and rob their homes , is this what the liberals wanted as `` diversity ? ''	We should start our own gangs and kill them and rob their homes, is this what the liberals wanted as “diversity?”	1
More black-on-white savagery : YouTube - Racist Black gangs are targeting White men for hate crimes in Baltimore YouTube - White Boy Beat Up Because of Slavery YouTube - 32 gangbangers arrested in hate crime roundup for targeting Whites and Latinos YouTube - Violent , racist African immigrants	More black-on-white savagery: YouTube - Racist Black gangs are targeting white men for hate crimes in Baltimore YouTube - White Boy Beat Up Because of Slavery YouTube - 32 gangbangers arrested in hate crime roundup for targeting Whits and Latinos YouTube - Violent, racist African immigrants	1
The only Mexican in town has since moved out and kids can now leave their bicycles in the yard without fear .	The only Mexican in town has since moved out and children can now leave their bicycles in the yard without fear.	1
Same with all of Europe after the evil yellow invasion .	The same with all of Europe after the evile yellow invasion.	1
Crime will go up as well but that is another issue .	Crime will rise too, but that’s another issue.	3
Looks like some Jews good broken into their car and garage I just had to laugh when saw this .	It looks like some Jews well broken into their car and garage I just had to laughter when I saw this.	1
He should be flagged and reported. skyyjohn 's Channel - YouTube EstablishedMen.com sent me on a blind date !	He should be flagged and. skyyjohn's Channel - YouTube EstablishedMen.com sent me on a blind day!	1
oh dear isnt that terrible well i suppose they will just have to leave then and go somewhere they are more valued	Oh dear isnt that terrible well I suppose they will just have to leave then and go somewhere that they are more valued	1
A Kosher slaughter , blessed by every Rabbi under the sun .	A Kosher slaughter, blessed by every Rabbi under the Sun.	1
I always thought it would be cool if somebody covertly set off a nuke in Kashmir , and then we all could sit back and watch as the Paki 's and Indians nuke the scheiss out of each other .	I always thought it would be cool if someone secretly launched a nuclear weapon in Kashmir, and then we could all sit back and watch as the Paki’s and Indians nuke the scheiss out of each other.	1
And yes , they will steal anything from whites because they think whites owe them something , so it 's ok to steal .	And yes, they will steal anything from whites because they think whites owe us something, so it's okay to steal.	1
Click below for a FREE download of a colorfully illustrated 132 page e-book on the Zionist-engineered INTENTIONAL destruction of Western civilization .	Click below for a FREE download of a colorfully illustrated 132 page e-Book on the Zionist-engineered INTENTIONAL Destruction of Western Civilization.	1
This gay kill a young bulgarian man to protect some criminal brown gypsy from beating This is the true face of so-called `` anti-racist '' !	This gay kills a young Bulgarian man to protect some criminal brown Gypsy from beating This is the true face of so-called “anti-racist”!	1
This was a bad move by the Jew puppets .	This was a bad move of the Jewish puppet.	1
I'm sure the Jews in Scandinavia dumb down the education systems there too .	I am sure the Jews in Scandinavia fool down the education systems there too.	1
And they will flood into all white countries as much as they can !	And they will flood into every white country as much as they can!	1
I'm not really surprised - now going to college with blacks I can tell you they continue to behave in such a manner even in higher education .	I’m not really surprised – now going to college with blacks I can tell you they continue to behave such a way even in higher education.	1
Someone Please Tell me what can be done or which people to tell that the Mexicans and or other hispanics here are undercutting price quotes on Good working People .	Someone Please tell me what can be done or which people to tell that the Mexicans and or other Hispanics here are undercutting price quotes on Good Working People.	1
Sadly that is what happens when you dumb down a society and make everything sexual.Not even innocent animals are out of the question for these sickos .	Sadly that’s what happens when you dumb down a society and make everything sexual.Not even innocent animals are out of question for these sickos.	1
IV .	and IV.	2
I see so many BM/WF around my city its not even funny .	I see so many BM/WP around my city it’s not even funny.	1
Mexicans have plenty of open space in their countries to develop they do n't need ours .	Mexicans have plenty of open space in their country to develop they don’t need ours.	1
There is no good in reasoning a bitch that is hungry for a dick.Forget her and let her perish in shame after negroid kicks her after a few tries .	There is no good in reasoning a bitch that is hungry for a dick.Fall her and let her perish in shame after the negroid kicks her after a few attempts.	1
Hell to have a teacher like this .	Hell have a teacher like that.	1
They probably slowly remove discipline do whatever they can to make the schools worse and worse .	They probably slowly remove discipline doing whatever they can to make the schools worse and worst.	1
I do n't think we want to throw them under a bus but they certainly are stealing our livelihoods and forcing up our rents and house prices .	I don’t think we want to throw them under a bus but they are stealing our means of subsistence and forcing up our rents and house prices.	1
Id love to live in that Ontario .	I love living in that Ontario.	3
You Anglo-Americans are all welcome to England if you can perform the ' small ' task of riding London of it 's ethnics !	You Anglo-Americans are all welcome to England if you can perform a'small' task of riding London of its ethnics!	1
Imagine a steel cage battle royal match at Wrestlemania and multiply the carnage a 1,000,000 times and that is what you get .	Imagine a steel cage battle royal match at Wrestlemanie and multiply the carnage a 1,000,000 times and that’s what you get.	3
You find they are worse since they will able to blend more and fool people into thinking they 're genuine .	You find them worse since they will be able to mix more and fool people into thinking they’re genuine.	1
when I was a little kid I used to be in this school and somehow i spoke to this jew. this dude got a narcissistic laugh out of every blonde joke. his favorite was when the blond went to donate semen by using her mouth as container. sad but it 's blonds fault also to let this happen .	When I was a little kid I used to be in this school and somehow I spoke to this Jew. this guy got a narcissistic laugh out of every blonde joke. his favorite was when the blonde went to donate semen by using her mouth as a container. sad but it's blonds fault also to let this happen.	1
I am in agreeance with you about this haven being a great place to speak out and vent the anger we get from living in Zogworld .	I’m in agreement with you about this haven being a great place to speak out and vent the rage we get from living in Zogworld.	1
You can clearly see in this video they want the white women to look dumb and crazy , whille the asian man looks intelligent and content .	You can clearly see in this video they want the white women to look stupid and crazy, while the Asian man looks intelligent and content.	3
It has become unbearable and is seriously changing me as a person watching my country be decimated .	It has become unbearable and is seriously altering me as a person watching my country be decimated.	1
Lack of compassion seems to go hand and hand with lack the of White blood .	Lack of compassion seems to go side by side with the lack of white blood.	1
Being a smaller country , Ireland will quicker fill up with ethnic scum .	Being a smaller country, Ireland will more quickly fill up with ethnic scum.	1
POLICE ARREST MOORE STREET , DUBLIN CITY CENTRE - 1 - YouTube http://www.youtube.com/watch ? v = LY-6O4ChVA8 Wait till the blacks riot and and attack cops i give a few years and they will be full scale black riots in Ireland .	POLICE ARREST MOORE STREET, DUBLIN CITY CENTRE - 1 - YouTube http://www.youtube.com/watch? v = LY-6O4ChVA8 Wait until the blacks riot and and attack cops I give a few years and they will be full-scale black riots in Ireland.	1
Great image of the Jew as a poisonous mushroom .	Great image of the Jew as an poisonous mushroom.	1
( The Jews had the Romans murder Jesus for them by falsely accusing Jesus and by turning down a chance to pardon Jesus .	(The Jews had the Romans murder Jesus for them by falsely accusing Jesus and by rejecting a chance to forgive Jesus.	1
...mating with other mulattos would be ideal , but since there are n't huge numbers of mulatto children compared to those of Whites or blacks I 'd rather see them up with blacks so that White bloodlines stay intact .	...matching with other mulattos would be ideal, but since there are no huge numbers of mulatto children compared to those of Whites or blacks I'd rather see them up with blacks so that White bloodlines remain intact.	1
Those in the countries you mentioned are the mongrel offspring between whites ( Aryans ) and Arabs and its funny how those of the East who claim to be the Aryans talk about white people who came and mixed with them and the only Aryans apparently in the East are those with light skin and blue eyes .	Those in the countries you mentioned are the mongrel offspring between whites (Arians) and Arabs and its funny how those of the East who claim to be the Arians talk about white people who came and mixed with them and the only Arians apparently in the East are those with light skin and blue eyes.	1
God 's own divine intervention , aided by Jewish money swindled from the goyim .	God’s own divine intervention, assisted by Jewish money cheated from the Goyim.	1
That 's their real contribution to society , misery and dependence .	That’s their real contribution to society, misery and dependence.	1
Humans and negroes use restaurants in entirely different ways .	Humans and Negroes use restaurants in entirely other ways.	1
`` Karogs sarkanbalti sarkans , miru os un dzīvos klāj , pretī sarkanajam mērim , nāves sardzē latviet 's stāj ! ''	“Karogs sarkanbalti sarkans, miru os un dzīvos klāj, pretī sarkanajam mērim, nāves sardzē latviet’s stāj!”	2
I am a white female and I am proud of my race. and dating a black would be disgusting	I am a white woman and I am proud of my race. and dating a negro would be disgusting	1
I was going to say - before you added that last line - they look like a bunch of frightened monkeys with guns ....	I was going to say – before you added that last line – they look like a bunch of frightened monkeys with pistols.	1
We spent our time trying to get our Negroes to learn how to read .	We spent our time trying to get the Negroes to learn how to read.	1
i've felt anger when i 've read it on forum , but we have to do our part and speaking at loud voice this fact , because , for example , i 'm from europe and this fact is not pased on tv news or in the news paper ... knows your enemies is the first pass for vicory on them !	I have felt anger when I've read it on the forum, but we have to do our part and speaking out loud this fact, because, for example, I'm from Europe and this fact is not passed on TV news or in the news paper... know your enemies is the first pass for victory on them!	1
The Juden never stop with the race mixing yet they do n't want it for themselves .......	The Jews never stop with the race mixing yet they do not want it for themselves.	1
- White GeNOcide Project	The White GeNOCide Project	1
put the kids in a ophanage and arrest the whore of a mother to a point of not having more biracial kids 8 kids have to suffer all their lives to due a whore	put the children in an ophanage and arrest the whore of a mother to a point of not having more biracial children 8 kids have to suffer all their lives to owe a whore	1
More negro savagery : YouTube - Detroit : 3 Black Males Murder pregnant white woman .	More negro savagery : YouTube - Detroit: 3 Black Males Murder pregnant white woman.	1
Love how the ape loses so starts going on about how he 's going to shoot him .	Love how the monkey loses so begins going on about how he's going to shoot him.	1
No the truth 88-----WHITE POWER------WHITE VICTORY------WHITE PRIDE-----88	No the truth 88-----White Power------White Victory------WHITE PRIDE-----88	1
So why are n't you complaining about the other mud races ?	So why are you not complaining about the other mud racing?	1
I am not going to be beat down by a dyke , fag , or coon .	I’m not going to be beaten down by a dyke, fag, or coon.	1
Going up .	Go to Up.	3
All of ukraine is Russia/Poland/Romania , you fake ukrainians .	All of Ukraine is Russia/Poland/Romania, you fake Ukrainians.	1
We have to kill off all of the Whites so we can go back to eating cow dung ! "	We have to kill all the Whites so we can go back to eating cows’ dirt!”	1
It ai n't right unless it 's White .	It is not right unless it is white.	1
Thank you for posting this ! this disgusting lie will hopefully one day be addressed and corrected , at that point I would hope the world will see the Jews for what they really are .	This disgusting lie will hopefully one day be addressed and corrected, at that point I would hope the world will see the Jews for what they really are.	1
That ape tried to gang up a lone white .	That monkey tried to gang up a lonely white.	1
About the Chinese , those who remain in their own country are good , those who become illegal immigrants in white nations are bad .	Those who stay in their own country are good, those who become illegal immigrants in white nations are bad.	1
It will be a whole new can o ' worms for the government .....	It will be a whole new Can O’ Worms for the government.	3
Now there are hundreds and in a few years there will be thousands .	Now there are hundreds and in some years there will be thousands.	3
I am reminded of a quote I heard from a fellow white nationalist said that you do not clean up a pile of * * * * while being in the middle of it .	I’m reminded of a quote I heard from a fellow white nationalist said that you don’t clean up a pile of * * * while being in the middle of it.	1
Trudeau is the white Obama as he does n't care about the people of Canada but all the third world crap he 's allowing into Canada	Trudeau is the white Obama as he doesn’t care about the people of Canada but all the third world shit he’s allowing into Canada.	1
Any expressing of their homosexuality outside their home however must be stopped .	Any expression of their homosexuality outside their home, however, must be stopped.	1
This savage has n't moved on from 300 years ago where her ancestors used to cook their enemies in cauldrons , ghastly people .	This savage hasn’t moved on from 300 years ago where her ancestors used to cook their enemics in cauldrons, horrifying people.	1
They dress like blacks , talk Ike them , act just as stupid .	They dress like blacks, talk to them, act just as stupid.	1
I have no doubt Los Angeles is a cess pool .	I have no doubt Los Ángeles is a cess pool.	1
They probably have a 150 I.Q. with all three of them combined .	They probably have a 150 I.q. with all three of them combined.	1
Do they expect us to go out and welcome these leeches on our society with open arms. they should give them zyklon b for lunch , thad would help the suitation !!!	Do they expect us to go out and welcome these leeches on our society with open armes. they should give them zyklon b for lunch, thad would help the suitation!!!	1
The Chechen beast was one of those who committed killing in the name of Allah against our Russian brothers , like the theater in Moskva .	The Chechen beast was one of those who committed killing in Allah’s name against our Russian brothers, like the theatre in Moscow.	1
They ca n't survive without us , but they do us nothing but harm .	They can’t survive without us, but they do us nothing but harm.	1
They dont hire whites and bring in 50 on a work visa or some kinda crap .	They don’t hire whites and bring in 50 on a work Visa or some kind of shit.	3
An Irish prison is like a luxury hotel where they come and thats even if they get sent to prison and thats if they get do n't flee the country and thats if they get caught doing the crime ... so crime does pay in Ireland .	An Irish prison is like a luxury hotel where they come and that even if they get sent to prison and that if they do not leave the country and that is if they are caught doing the crime... so crime does pay in Ireland.	1
Thank you for your kind words , hope to meet you in the new white world one day soon .	Thank you for your kind words, hopefully to meet you in the new white world one day.	1
I would move too but unfortunately there is nowhere that is untainted .	I would move too but there is nowhere that is unintended.	1
The New Jersey classroom was over half non-white .	The New Jersey classroom is over half non-white.	3
Homo neanderthalensis was just a dumb negro subspecies of the negroid species and never white-european .	Homo neanderthalensis was just a dumb black subspecies of the negroid species and never white-European.	1
It's people like this that are the face that represents the filth of Islam .	It is people like this who are the face that represents the dirt of Islam.	1
In the eyes of the Jew and the libtard there is a race problem and the problem is us !	In the eyes of the Jew and the libtart there is a race problem and the problem is us!	1
Holly Quick , age 16 , brutally raped and murdered by an apelike negro .	Holly Quick, 16, brutally raped and murdered by an appelike negro.	1
I would love to see a video of Somalis blown apart with a torpedo and see bodies and scrap metal fly hundreds of feet into the air .	I would love to see a video of Somalis blown apart with a torped and see bodies and scrap metal fly hundreds of feet into the air.	1
Tralee is a disgrace , the place looks like a town in africa nowThe day Ireland becomes a muslim country is the day i stop breathing !	Tralee is a disgrace, the place looks like a town in Africa nowThe day Ireland becomes a Muslim country is the day I stop breathing!	1
To sum it up , the situation in Sweden is a complete disaster .	To sum it up, the situation in Sweden is a complete catastrophe.	3
The Jew represents the snake .	The Jew representing the snake.	1
Stoning Cut of their hands Beheading Tyre neck brace Trial by machete e , e	Stoning Cut of their hands Beheading Tyres neck brace Trial by machete e, e	3
somebody``hcf''calledputin``ahero''!lololol!This``hero''finallytransformedformersovietjewnion in ``russian''judea!In this misery-torn country-are there-70 officially billionaries , tens f thousands millionaries , and tens of millions of poor and miserable who look for their pittance at the garbage places !	Somebody's "hcf" called Putin "ahero"!lololol!This "hero" finally transformedformersovietjewnion into "Russian" Judea!In this misery-torn country-are there-70 officially billionaires, tens of thousands of millionaries, and tens of millions of poor and miserable who look for their pittance at garbage places!	1
I didnt know that bar was owned by a negro i will make sure i will never set foot in their again i was in their once !!!	I didnt know that bar was owned by a negro I will make sure I will never set foot in their again I was in their once!!!	1
If Canada was small the nonwhites would be everywhere but so many whites live rurally or in small towns so they do n't see the racial disaster unfolding on Canada .	If Canada was small the nonwhites would be everywhere but so many whites live in rural areas or in small towns so they don’t see the racial disaster unfolding on Canada.	1
This is the argument homosexuals use to justify their behavior , that because there are no `` red letters '' about it , then homosexuality is not a bad thing .	This is the argument homosexuals use to justify their behavior, that because there are no “red letters” about it, then homosexuality is not a bad thing.	1
It is n't enough that we support mesico now we have to support africa .	It is not enough that we support Mesico now we have to support Africa.	1
I wonder how they 'll paint them up plus the 1million or more illegals who are working in the service industry living in their bosses ' cupboards .	I wonder how they’ll paint them up plus the 1 million or more illegal workers who are working in the service industry living in their boss’ cabinets.	1
I find it funny that blacks find their own women disgusting , but i find it even more disgusting that because of this they go after white women , and are usually successful , its good to see a white girl tell one off .	I find it funny that blacks find their own women disgusting, but I find that it is even more disgustingly that because of this they go after white women, and are usually successful, it is good to see a white girl tell one off.	1
^ You ca n't make this stuff up Go have a drink , drown the sorrow of living among primitive Asians .	You can't make this stuff up Go have a drink, drowned the sorrow of living among primitive Asians.	1
I 'm not a nig and need a day off to smoke blunts and drink 40 ouncers .	I'm not a nig and need a day off to smok blunts and drink 40 ounces.	1
The thought of Africans in space is laughable .	The thought of Africans on space is laughable.	1
I 'm angry against myself for just letting this whole world drown into a jewish cesspool .	I am angry at myself for just letting this whole world drown into a Jewish cesspool.	1
But you must know that caucasians is not like blacks , they just animals and subhumans .	But you must know that Caucasians are not like blacks, they are just animals and subhumans.	1
I do not think anyone looks up to white Negroes , just the black ones and then they become wiggers .	I don’t think anyone looks up to white Negroes, just the black ones and then they become wiggers.	1
Well, the entire world is being brain-washed by Judeo-American films , today everyone has a Jew in every corner of your house .	Well, the whole world is being brainwashed by Judeo-American films, today everyone has a Jew in every corner of your house.	1
I do like the outfit they dressed the simian in ; he looks so regal	I like the outfit they dressed the simians in; he looks so royal	1
We are more concerned about ZOG controlling US and Russia .	We are more concerned about the ZOG controlling the US and Russia.	1
Yes Muslims do breed like vermin , i believe that 's part of their intention to breed out other races in order to make themselves the majority .	Yes Muslims do breed like worm, I believe that’s part of their intention to breed out other races in order to make themselves majority.	1
NOT !	No to! 🙂	3
If it 's brown , flush it down .	If it’s brown, flush it down.	1
He's a race traitor .	He is a racial traitor.	1
I would n't be surprised if the government took more taxes off our pay checks so that Trudeau could feed and house more rapeugees that are flooding our country .	I’t be surprised if the government took more taxes off our paychecks so that Trudeau could feed and house more rapists who are flooding our country.	1
We should just isolate them so those mutated monkeys can completely whipe each other out .	We should just isolate them so that those muted monkeys can completely whipped each other out.	1
My wife had to spend time at the UP Hospital in Philadelphia - thank God I was licensed to carry in Pa. Downtown Philadelphia is becoming a cesspool .	My wife had to spend time at the UP Hospital in Philadelphia – thank God I was licensed to carry in Pa.	1
Protesting Catholic guilt mongering and intellectual deprivation is as worthy of mentioning as the protesting of institutionalized and indoctrinated White guilt from the Jewlords across the Apelantic .	Protesting Catholic guilt mongering and intellectual deprivation is as worthy of mention as the protest of institutionalized and indoctrinated White guilt from the Jewlords across the Apelant.	1
yeah but you live in a big country , N. Ireland is quite small yet large numbers of the scum are invading these shores every day	Yes but you live in a big country, Northern Ireland is quite small yet large numbers of the scum are invading these banks every day	1
I feel sorry for whites living in Southern California .	I feel sorry for white people living in Southern California.	3
If I feel threatened especially by these fools you can bet I 'll be just as quick to kill as they are .	If I feel threatened especially by these fools you may bet I'll be just as fast to kill as they are.	1
I think asians are hot but they arent the girls I wanna get with.A wolf is pretty but do you wanna pet one ? White girls are only ones to be trusted .	I think Asians are hot but they are the girls I want to get with.A wolf is pretty but do you want pet one?	1
If the Jews are allowed to decide for everyone the correct version of history , I 'm sure they 'll eventually re-write the history around Jesus Christ .	If the Jews are allowed to decide for everyone the correct version of history, I’m sure they’ll eventually rewrite the history around Jesus Christ.	1
https : //www.stormfront.org/forum/t384418 / https : //www.stormfront.org/forum/t291185 / https : //www.stormfront.org/forum/t113191 / https : //www.stormfront.org/forum/t46864 / https : //www.stormfront.org/forum/t101175 / https : //www.stormfront.org/forum/t118865 / https : //www.stormfront.org/forum/t142566/	https: //www.stormfront.org/forum/t384418 / https: /www.sormfront/t291185 / https : //www-storm front.org / t113191 / https / //www -storm.org.org	2
The islamic disease is even more dangerous than the more obvious black or yellow disease .	The Islamic disease is even more dangerous than the most obvious black or yellow disease.	1
Muds do n't respect anything , including themselves ( what 's to respect ) and therefore anyone else .	Muds do not respect anything, including themselves (what’s to respect) and therefore anyone else.	1
It is hate if we disagree with this ethnic scum and no hate crime if they attack us .	It is hate if we disagree with this etnic scum and no hate crime if they attack us.	1
Those poor kikes they cant even escape antisemetism in the country were it is punishable by death ( I am talking about palestinians )	Those poor kicks they can’t even escape anti-Semitism in the country if it’s punishable by death (I’m talking about Palestinians).	1
These areas that you name are the preserve of the rich , you wont find a single white working class person living there.We might look down on blacks and pakis as scum and not want them living near us but the upper class feel exactly the same about us	These areas you name are the preservation of the rich, you won’t find a single white working class person living there.We might look down on blacks and pakis as scum and don’t want them to live near us but the upper class feels exactly the same about us.	1
Denmark : 2.3 ( 2001 ) , 1.1 ( 2002 ) , 0.9 ( 2003 ) , 0.6 ( 2004 ) . ( assuming population of 5.4 million ) Good job Denmark !	Denmark : 2.3 (2001), 1.1 (2002), 0.9 (2003), 0.6 (2004). ( assuming population of 5.4 million ) Good job Denmark!	1
If monkeys are on my property i call animal control and defend my family and property with whatever means possible , simply talking sense to a monkey and pointing at it will not stop it from misbehaving !	If monkeys are on my property I call animal control and defend my family and property with whatever means possible, simply talking sense to a monkey and pointing at it will not stop it from misbehaving!	1
Egyptian TV Host : The Jews Are Using the Holocaust to Suck the Blood of the Germans - YouTube	Egyptian TV host: The Jews are using the Holocaust to suck the blood of the Germans - YouTube	1
I sin fritid går Karina Sørensen på jagt med sin far , dyrker styrketræning eller nyder tilværelsen med sin kæreste .	I sin fritid går Karina Sørensen på jakt med sin far, dyrker styrketræning eller nyder tilværelsen med sin kæreste.	2
I know exactly what you 're saying , I just hate to see those worthless apes benefit from the great things that whites do .	I know exactly what you're saying, I just hate to see those worthless monkeys benefit from the great things that whites do.	1
Hopefully they will get deportation orders and be on the next flight back to Cairo .	Hopefully they will get deportation orders, and be on the next flight back to Cairo.	1
Get one of these t-shirts for next time you see him : - Asatru Versand - Kein Islam in Europa - Das Christentum ist schlimm genug ( T-Shirt ) Kein Islam in Europa - Das Christentum ist schlimm genug ( T-Shir themd-kein-islam	Get one of these t-shirts for the next time you see him : - Asatru Versand - No Islam in Europe - Das Christentum ist schlimm genug ( T-shirt ) No Islam In Europa - Das Christianum ist Schlimm genoeg ( T -Shir themd-kein-islam	1
YouTube - Broadcast Yourself .	YouTube – Broadcast Your.	2
Mexicans are real prone to diabetes and I want to help them get to Hell as soon as possible .	Mexicans are real prone to diabetes and I would like to help them get to hell as soon as possible.	1
The Jew Fag professes to be a White Nationalist .	The Jew Fag professes that he is a White nationalist.	3
God bless them all , to hell with the blacks .	God bless them all, to hell with the blacks.	1
ASIAN security guards !?	Asian security guards!	3
And theres a good chance these children will end up race mixing back into the white gene pool , mongrelizing our race .	And there’s a good chance these kids will end up race mixing back into the white gene pool, mongrelizing our race.	1
Their nonwhite societies are failing in every area and yet they are trying to force White civilization to accept their backward nonwhite culture .	Their non-white societies are failing in every area and yet they are trying to forceive White civilization to accept their backward non-White culture.	1
I 'd put him somewhere between the typical African and an ape .	I’d put him somewhere between the typically African and a monkey.	1
Get over watching monkeys throw a ball around and get a real hobby for God 's sake .	Get over watching monkeys throw a ball round and get a real hobby for God's sake.	1
Black and Asian immigrants who are coming in and those who were borne here and their breading patterns are the threat to our gene pool and not other white Europeans such as polish people .	Black and Asian immigrants who are coming in and those who were born here and their breeding patterns are the threat to our genetic pool and not other white Europeans such as Polish people.	1
I say take asian obsessed white men and dump them in some third world asian crap whole and never let them come back .	I say take Asian obsessed white men and dump them in some third world Asian shit whole and never let them come back.	1
All we have is blacks and a few mestizos and all are pretty well behaved , we keep them that way around here	All we have is blacks and a few mestizos and they are all pretty well behaved, we keep them that way around here.	1
I just refer to them as primates as through THEIR evolution process they are just a little bit higher on the evolutionary chain which makes them all the more dangerous to whites , than any of their animalistic cousins .	I just refer to them as primates as through THEIR evolutionary process they are just a little higher on the evolutionary chain which makes them all the more dangerous to whites, than any of their animalistic cousins.	1
Two days ago I tapped out a half asian , half White mongrel who was bigger than me .	Two days ago I tapped out a half Asian, half White mongrel who was bigger than me.	1
I hope this little groid tortures her .	I hope this little grey tortured her.	1
Your both our enemies plain and simple , jews try to destroy us with their immigration and the jew would not be able to get as far as they did if many of them did not look white .	Your both our enemies plain and simple, Jews try to destroy us with their immigration and the Jew would not be able to get as far as they did if many of them did not look white.	1
Yeah but what you have to remember is that the jews are cunning and would probz slither their way out of it and justify their right to bare arms by use of the pro jew media and without a doubt the old holocaust excuse. our race would not be to blame most of us are brainwashed from a young age by T.V or schools its are job to wake them up comrade and defend them for we are fast becoming a minority in our own countries	Yes but what you have to remember is that the Jews are cunning and would probz slither their way out of it and justify their right to bare arms by using the pro-Jewish media and without a doubt the old holocaust excuse. our race would not be to blame most of us are brainwashed from a young age by TV or schools its are job to wake them up comrade and defend them for we are fast becoming a minority in our own countries	1
I hope I see the day when thease worthless pieces of crap are OUT OF HERE .	I hope I see the day when the worthless pieces of shit are OUT HERE.	1
May the wigger sister and parents be haunted by her death for the rest of their lives as it is in effect by their hands and actions that their sister and daughter was murdered by this beast .	May the wigger sister and parents be haunted by her death for the rest of their lives, as it is in fact by their hands and actions that their sister & daughter was murdered by this beast.	1
What typical brainwashed liberal lemming .	What a typical liberal brainwashed lemming.	1
I was beaten and robbed by two natives last year and over the last couple of years I have watched downtown turn into black , brown and yellow town. the food court at Portage place has started to remind me of the creature cantina from star wars .	I was beaten and robbed by two natives last year and over the last couple of years I have watched downtown turn into a black, brown and yellow town. the food court at Portage place has started to remind me of the creature cantina from Star Wars.	1
Nearly everything if not all acts that the liberals carry out damage this nation and our people .	Almost everything if not all the acts that the liberals carry out harm this nation and our people.	1
I can see the future of testing .	I can see a future of testing.	3
Ethnic crime never ends it seems .	Ethnic crime doesn’t end, it seems.	1
Homosexuals practice a perverse lifestyle that destroys the body , mind , and soul just as drug use does ; merely two paths to the same destructive end .	Homosexuals practice a perverse lifestyle that destroys the body, mind, and soul just as drug use does; merely two paths to the same destructive end.	1
Then we can all live in a global utopia with the Jew running the show - cant wait Nothing short of a brain transplant is going to raise a Negroes IQ .	Then we can all live in a global utopia with the Jew running the show – can’t wait Nothing but a brain transplant is going to raise a Negroes IQ.	1
800 Demonstranten gegen NPD-Kundgebung / Aus dem Land / Schleswig-Holstein - KN - Kieler Nachrichten Kiel had an Kurd PKK demostration today .	800 Demonstranten gegen NPD-Kundgebung / Aus dem Land / Schleswig–Holstein – KN – Kieler Nachrichten Kiel had a Kurdish PKK demonstration today.	2
They mutilate their own , and they do their best to see to it that those whom they see as their goyim slaves are also marked ....	They mutilate their own, and they do their best to make sure that those whom they see as their goyim slaves are also marked.	1
The next generation of humanity should thank you for not having been infected with your flawed genetic structure .	The next generation of humanity should thank you for not being infected with your faulty genetic structure.	1
Look what happens when Whites leave black Countries alone to do what they do naturally The blacks in White Countries today should be on their knees thanking Whites for trying to civilize them	Look what happens when White leave Black Countries alone to do what they do naturally The blacks in White Countys today should be on their knees thanking White for trying to civilize them.	1
Of course White race tend to be the smartest race and many of your nonwhites are either just too stupid to acknowledge that or just want to make use of your nonwhite stupidity to cause more misery to us who wish to seek the truth .	Of course White race tends to be the smartest race and many of your nonwhites are either just too stupid to admit that or just want to make use of your not-white stupidity to cause more misery to us who wish to seek the truth.	1
Guess this was the Ghetto Express !	Guess this was The Ghetto Express!	3
And the sad thing is the white students at those schools will act like that too .	And the sad thing is that the white students at those schools will act that way too.	1
One of them is black and the other looks white .	One of them is white and the other looks black.	3
More impulsive Negro stripping ...	More impulsive black stripping...	1
Unfortunately, she will find it very difficult to make a living as a historian if he does n't bow down and do reverence to the Holahoax religion .	Unfortunately, she will find it very difficult to make a living as a historian unless he does not bow down and do reverence to the Holahoax religion.	1
I did n't realize we were offending you by pointing out how often Asians and Jews get surgery to look more White .	I didn’t realize we were offending you by pointing out how often Asiens and Jews get surgery to look more White.	1
The ugly black will always be .... black !	The ugly black always will be... black!	1
If that Nigerian bitch thinks she will be elected in Tallaght , she is in for a rude awakening .	If that Nigerian bitch thinks she will be elected at Tallaght, she is in for a rude awakening.	1
If she continues worshipping negroes and homos the odds are good this scenario will repeat .	If she continues worshiping Negroes and Homes the odds are good this scenario will repeat.	1
To think that such a great Christian nation as Ireland has an Islamic Foundation is sickening .	To think that such a great Christian nation as Irland has an Islamic Foundation is sick.	1
I would n't marry a asian even after cirurgy .	I’t marry an Asian even after surgery.	1
Their brains have never developed so they think there still in the wild jungles of Africa .	Their brains have never developed so they believe there is still in the wild jungles of Africa.	1
So therefore they 're not the dumb brutes like blacks are .	So therefore they are not the stupid brutals like blacks are.	1
WTF is wrong with u allowing your children to have non white friends ?	Is WTF wrong with you allowing your children to have non-white friends?	1
Teach our men to be men again and defend our countries and women folk against the non white .	Teach our men to be men again and defend our countries and women people against the non-white.	1
I just read in a newspaper in the Grays Harbor county of Washington State that test scores are going down .	I just read in a newspaper in the Grays Harbour County of Washington State that test scores are going down.	3
Honestly if they ever fired them I 'd expect they 'd do more damage to themselves since the average negro lacks the intellect for basic firearms training .	Honestly if they ever fired them I’d expect they’d do more harm to themselves since the average negro lacks the intellect for basic firearms training.	1
No doubt they 'll be coming up with chocolate-colored Leprechauns and a Chinese flavored Uncle Sam 's too .	No doubt they’ll be coming up with chocolate-colored Leprechauns and a China-aromated Uncle Sam’s too.	1
Exactly, they want us to lay down and die .	Exactly, they wish us to lay down and die.	1
Would black people rather take one million dollars to move themselves and their immediate family back to the motherland , or stay here in America and blame whites for their poverty and crime ?	Would black people rather take a million dollars to move themselves and their immediate family back to their homeland, or stay here in America and blame whites for their poverty and crime?	1
Instead it is the athletic negro Holyfield 11 kids , Mike Tyson 7 kids , Riddick Bowe 5 kids , George Foreman 10 kids who procreate like apes and spread these athlete genes along .	Instead it is the athletic negro Holyfield 11 kids, Mike Tyson 7 kids, Riddick Bowe 5 kids, George Foreman 10 kids who procreate like monkeys and spread these athlete genes along.	1
I will respond until Armenian scum will stop	I will respond until the Armenian scum stops	1
I know I keep hoping I wake up one day and this multiracial hell Canada was all just a terrible nightmare , but it never happens .	I know I keep hoping I wake up one day and this multi-racial hell Canada was all just a terrible nightmare, but it never happens.	1
My daughter said she had only touched the apeling 's back , not hit her .	My daughter said she had only touched her back, not hit her.	1
I believe these apes may be on to something by chopping off penises to cure aids .	I believe these monkeys may be on to something by cutting off penises to cure aids.	1
Last thing we want is them moving off the reserves .	The last thing we want is to move them out of the reserves.	1
Also notice that the Nig giving the running commentary said nothing about the ' White boy ' a term the Yard Ape will never fail to use when given the chance !	Also note that the Nig giving the running comment said nothing about the 'White boy' a term the Yard Ape will never fail to use when given the chance!	1
I wanted to get some opinions from Stormfront members on this Jewish crap my son brought home from public school .	I wanted to get some opinions from Stormfront members about this Jewish shit my son brought home from public school.	1
There will always be survivors , the juden will never let go of the holahoax	There will always be survivors, the Jew will never let go of the holahoax.	1
ANTI WHITE WATCH	Anti White Watch	1
By their words and deeds , they declare themselves to be staunchly in favor of the genocide of our people .	By their words and deeds, they declare themselves to be firmly in favor of the genocide of our people.	1
I do n't see why the gardai do n't just grab them and deport them none of them are entitled to be here	I don’t see why the gardai don’ts not just grab them and deport them none of them are entitled to being here.	1
I do n't watch any movie that is made for blacks or has a black in the lead roll and I ca n't find humor in the black race with all of the crime they comit against the white man , to hell with them .	I don’t watch any movie that is made for blacks or has a black in the lead roll and I can’t find humor in the black race with all the crimes they commit against the white man, to hell with them.	1
They always think they are somehow exempt from the rules	They always think they are exempt from the rules.	1
I'm not running and giving it to the muds .	I’m not running and giving it out to the muds.	1
It is no mere coincidence that the Liberal Party color is Blue .	It is no coincidence that the color of the Liberal Party is blue.	3
Why White people used to say that sex was a sin used to be a mystery to me until I saw the children of browns and mixed race children popping up all around me .	Why White people used to say that sex was a sin used to be a mystery to Me until I saw the children of browns and mixed races popping up all around Me.	1
Any purported `` holy book '' which says such vile & despicable things as the talmud says about Mary & Jesus cannot come from a place of goodness.Jews are so convinced of their superiority that they think they can trick God of their love & fidelity by pretending to honor him .	Any supposed “holy book” that says such vile and despicable things as the Talmud says about Mary & Jesus cannot come from a place of goodness.Jews are so convinced of their superiority that they think they can trick God of their Love & Fidelity by pretending to honor him.	1
This truly goes to show that non whites will follow whites anywhere .	This really goes to show that non-whites will follow whites everywhere.	1
Although many have asked us to put it aside in politics , this thread is for all those who see where HATE FITS IN and why WE NEED THE HATE WAVE TO CONTINUE .	Although many have asked us to put it aside in politics, this thread is for all those who see where HATE FITS IN and why WE NEED THE HAIT WAVE TO CONTINUE.	1
What is it like to teach a negro ?	What is it to teach a black man?	3
All you need is to cut off it 's head and the rest of the problems will crumble away with ease	All you need is to cut off its head and the rest of the problems will crumble away easily.	1
This family that wants to complain about gays should come to San Francisco and raise some hell at these gay pride events .... a much better target ..... and these people in San Francisco openly blasphemied Christ with their parody of ' The Last Supper `` as their poster for their last event .	This family who wants to complain about gays should come to San Francisco and raise some hell at these gay pride events... a much better target... and these people in San Francisco openly blasphemed Christ with their parody of ‘The Last Supper’ as their poster for their last event.	1
I would just like to express how sick and tired I am of bi-racial half-breeds kids at school boasting about their `` unique heritages '' .	I just want to express how sick and tired I am of bi-racial half-race children at school boasting about their “unique heritage.”	1
The whites and the asians evoluated , and the blacks are still behind .	The whites and the Asians evolved, and the blacks are still behind.	1
The same way Jews run the government .	The same way the Jews run the Government.	3
http://www.abc25.com/Global/story.asp ? S = 5352185 Non whites commit far more crimes against whites each year but its never considered a hate crime and alot of them never spend any time in jail !	S = 5352185 Non-whites commit far more crimes against whites each year but it is never considered a hate crime and a lot of them never spend any time in jail!	1
Miami,( I do n't know how Don can stand living down there ) Hispanic - 279,456 ( 70.0 % ) Black alone - 64,993 ( 16.3 % ) White alone - 47,622 ( 11.9 % ) Asian alone - 3,649 ( 0.9 % ) Two or more races - 2,642 ( 0.7 % ) Other race alone - 676 ( 0.2 % ) American Indian alone - 361 ( 0.09 % ) Native Hawaiian and Other Pacific Islander alone - 58 ( 0.01 % ) Read more : Miami , Florida ( FL ) profile : population , maps , real estate , averages , homes , statistics , relocation , travel , jobs , hospitals , schools , crime , moving , houses , news , sex offenders	Miami, I don't know how Don can stand living down there) Hispanic - 279,456 (70.0 %) Black alone - 64,993 (16.3 %) White alone - 47,622 (11.9 %) Asian alone - 3,649 (0.9 % ) Two or more races - 2,642 (0.7 %) Other race alone - 666 (0.2 %) American Indian alone - 361 (0.09 %), Native Hawaiian and Other Pacific Islander alone - 58 ( 0.01 %) Read more : Miami, Florida (FL) profile : population, maps, real estate, averages, homes, statistics, relocation, travel, jobs, hospitals, schools, crime, moving houses, news, sex offenders	1
Looking at your guys situation makes me realise how lucky I am that my high school is 100 % white however even in my remote countryside community there are more and more black 's moving into the area , and their kids .	Looking at your guys situation makes me realize how lucky I am that my high school is 100% white but even in my remote rural community there are more and more black's moving into the area, and their kids.	1
First they give us sars then they are standing by watching the law get broken , WTF !?	First they give us sars then they are standing watching the law get broken, WTF!	3
As a brit my knowledge of american law is somewhat lacking but even i know that this holder groid has committed treason	As a Brit my knowledge of American law is somewhat lacking but even I know that this holder groid has committed betrayal	1
What makes it suck are the Jews that run it and the Blacks that play in it .	What makes it suck are the Jews who run it and the Blacks who play in it.	1
Why would you want to see this pollution spread further into our gene pool ?	Why would you want to see this polluting spread further into our genetic pool?	1
Hopefully they do n't get intimidated by the enemies of our land and of our freedom - those antifa scum .	Hopefully they don’t get intimidated by the enemies of our land and of our liberty – those antifa scum.	1
Try El Paso Texas Soo much mudd invasion that the river is the same color as those playing/crossing in it .. year round !	Try El Paso Texas Soo much mudd invasion that the river’s the same color as those playing/crossing in it.. year round!	1
Thats how it ends up when you leave blacks alone i guess .	That’s how it ends when you leave blacks alone I guess.	3
I do n't know ... if afrocant 's do n't slather their skin several times a day with cocoa butter lotion it takes on a definite crocodilian appearance .	I don’t know...if the afrocant doesn’t smooth their skin several times a day with cocoa butter lotion it takes on a definite crocodilian look.	1
