Do you ever ask yourself why you have a screen name that 's reminiscent of the sound a butthole makes after too many beans ? .	Have you ever wondered why you have a screen name that reminds you of the sound that the bathole makes after eating so many beans?	0
In under 15 minutes the shooter is hitting the paper plate .	Within 15 minutes, the shooter hits the paper board.	0
There is a survivor support page on facebook .	A survivor support page is available on Facebook.	0
War of Art is sitting on my shelf , presently unread .	The War of Art is sitting on my shelf, but I don't read it now.	0
Break them up .	break them.	1
He has two previous felony convictions for violent crimes .	He has previously been charged with two violent crimes.	0
14/88	13 / 88	0
This film makes my soul ache seeing man 's inhumanity to man in live color .	This film hurts my soul when I see the inhumanity of man to man in vivid colour.	0
haha well they require a certain physical ed. requirement at my school to be given a bachelor 's degree .	haha well they need specific physical requirements to get a bachelor's degree in my school.	0
You should have heard of him becouse he is the greatest chess player of all times .	You should have heard about him that he is the best chess player of all time.	0
I found it strange the way the police handled this case , they told her father and his friends to search the house for her , all those people wandering around the house contaminating all the evidence , that 's hardly good police procedure .	I thought it was strange how the police dealt with this case, and they told her father and his friends to search for her home, and everyone who walked around the house contaminated all the evidence.	0
I 'd like to see Iran wipe Israel off the map .	I'd like to see Iran remove Israel from the map.	1
I want to meet some single women in the Wichita area for friendship maybe more .	I want to meet a few single women for friendship maybe more.	0
I plan on celebrating being White that entire 24 hours .	I will celebrate the whole 24 hours of white.	0
He survived it , only to watch his country once again get torn into bits , and fall under communism which he fought against .	He survived it, and saw his country torn apart once again, falling under the communism he fought for.	0
One troll is on duty for several hours and then his partner in crime takes over for the next shift .	A troll is on the post for several hours, and then his criminal partner takes over the next transfer.	0
See the pattern .	See that pattern.	0
I just cant stand to listen to negros sing and 30 sec. is all I could handle .	I don’t hear black people sing and 30 seconds is all I can handle.	1
There's enough oil for a few hundred more years actually .	In fact, there is enough oil for hundreds of years.	0
Check this video out SF ' we must welcome Africans with open arms they have every right to be in Ireland ' .	See this video from SF 'We have to welcome African people with open arms who have all the rights to be in Ireland'.	0
Last Friday an associate here handed out 100 NV leaflets at a rodeo depicting a graphic summation of non-white ( mestizo ) immigration .	Last Friday, one partner here delivered 100 NV posts in a rodeo that depicted a graphic summary of non-mestizo immigration.	1
Instead of challenging young white minds , we put them to sleep in a sea of apathy towards standards .	Instead of challenging our young white minds, we let them sleep in a sea of indifference to standards.	0
Congrats .	The gathering.	0
Great idea will see how that goes for crime stats	A good idea is to see how it goes to crime statistics.	0
YouTube - Grandson attacks and rapes 87-Year-Old bed-ridden amputee Grandmother YouTube - Police are looking for Flash Mob of black Teens who Robbed Dupont Circle Store .	YouTube - Grandson attacked and rape 87-year-old Amputee grandmother on the bed YouTube - police are looking for a black teen Flash Mob who stealed the Dupont Circle Store.	0
Well I talk to her because no one else writes here except her and me , you only write here when she says something stupid , if I did n't write to her this place would just die off .	Well, I’m talking to her because nobody else is writing here except her and me, you’re just writing here if she says something stupid, if I don’t write to her, this place would just die.	0
That's completely true , I have a 3-y-o son and he does n't like at all to play with brown-skinned boys or girls , I especially remember once a pair of twin girls came up to kiss him and he just ran away , it was the enchantment of the white man !	It’s perfectly right, I have a 3-year-old son who doesn’t like to play with a brown-skinned boy or girl at all, and I especially remember that there was a couple of twin girls who came to kiss him and he just ran away, which was the white charm!	0
Germans hit by phosphor jumped into water to stop the burning , depriving it of oxygen .	The Germans, attacked by phosphorus, jumped into the water to stop burning, causing the oxygen to go away.	0
It will be the same here when the goodies run out .	Here, when good things disappear, it will be the same.	0
I live in AR .	I have lived in AR.	0
Steve Reed Reporter Three of the suspects charged with the murder of a 12-year old Moore County girl were given suspended sentences for other crimes and were free on probation at the time of her slaying .	Three of the suspects accused of murdering a 12-year-old girl in Moore County were sentenced to suspended sentences for other crimes and were released under caution at the time of her murder.	0
I seriously hope she dies in a fire one day .	I hope that one day she will die in a fire.	1
I am in edmonton .	I'm in Edmonton.	0
I'm planning on being in ireland within the next year .	I am planning to be in Ireland in the coming year.	0
Its also worth noting that the days of the week in English are very strongly influenced by Viking occupation of the British Isles .	It is also worth noting that English weekdays are very strongly influenced by the Viking occupation of the British Isles.	0
Brass Super Blackhawk Dragoon grip frame .	The Blackhawk Dragoon gripe frame.	0
my first kiss was a girl that lived down the street from me when i was 10.I went to school with her younger sister.Her name was kelsey.She had blonde hair and blue eyes.She was 13.We were at the movies and then I figured I 'd take a chance and try to kiss her and it worked .	My first kiss was a girl who lived on the street since I was 10 years old and I went to school with her sister, her name was Kelsey, she had blond and blue eyes, she was 13 years old, we were in the movie and then I thought I would take a chance to try kissing her, it worked.	0
I am a fan of the German rock band Rammstein .	I'm a fan of German rock band Rammstein.	0
This video on british becoming a minority is so awful ill never watch it again .	This video about the British who become a minority is so terribly sick that they will never see it again.	0
Vancouver?	The Vancoure?	0
Didn't Sextus solve this problem over a thousand years ago ? `` but amongst the Romans it is forbidden by law to do so ''	Did Sextus not solve this problem thousands of years ago?"But it is forbidden by law among the Romans.	0
Was at Walmart the other day and for 100 rounds it 's about $ 25 for 9mm , and about $ 40 for .40 and .45 .	Last day at Walmart, it was about $25 for 9 millimeters in 100 rounds, and about $40 for 0.40 and 0.45.	0
By the way he did n't film the scene for entertainment but because the negro would have lied and the white would have gotten in trouble so it was to protect himself from any future false accusation .	By the way, he did not shoot the scene for entertainment, but because blacks would lie and whites would get into trouble, so it was to protect himself from any future false accusations.	0
Educating the Lemmings in reguard to the Isreali agenda , which is fighting a war for the Jew 's benifit not America 's .	To educate Lemmings on the agenda of Israel, which is waging war for the interests of the Jews, and that is not the interest of the United States.	0
seven billion `` Humans '' on the planet and with Open borders , H1-b visas , fake social security numbers , colleges hiring foreign nationals over White Legal Americans , and Obama 's Amnesty on line with an apathetic public , , , well , dye your skin black and unlearn your english and you might get a good job .	Seven billion people on the planet and with open borders, H1-B visa, false social insurance numbers, universities calling foreign citizens over White Legal Americans, and Obama's Amnesty in connection with an apathic audience, well, decorate your skin black and don't learn English	1
The beast we oppose knows it has backed itself into a corner , and at such times , such creatures are at their most aggressive .	The beast we oppose knows that it has given up itself in a corner, and at such moments these beings are the most aggressive.	0
Zionists want to maintain the racial diversity in the West .	Zionists want to preserve racial diversity in the West.	0
It looks like our friend Krekar will be winning lots of votes for anti-immigrant parties in Norway 's upcoming election .	It seems that our friend Craig will win a large number of anti-immigration votes in the upcoming Norwegian elections.	0
He never mentioned anything about the lack of white women on Stormfront .... He is looking for Proud , White Women in Florida	He did not mention the absence of white women in the face of the storm...he was looking for a proud white woman in Florida.	0
The big black females pushed their way into the Houston city counsel meeting and said all of the white teachers they used to have all quit ( do you wonder why ? ) and all you sent us to replace all them teachers was a bunch of dumb blacks .	The big black women pushed their way to the Houston City Council meeting and said that all the white teachers were gone (why do you wonder? ) and everything you sent us to replace all those teachers was stupid black	1
It is in the nature of Jews to desecrate traditions of all sorts and push our women to make fools of themselves .	It is in the nature of the Jews to dishonor all sorts of traditions and to make our women foolish.	1
As you have just informed me via a PM that you have added me to your ignore list it really is a valueless post is n't it ?	As you just notified me by PM, you added me to your ignored list, which is really a worthless post, isn’t it?	0
2 .	and 2.	0
So as long as immigrants behave and respect British culture they can stay .	So as long as migrants behave and respects British culture they can stay.	0
Get the dogs out and track him down , I say !!!	Throw the dogs out and chase them down, I say!	0
Truth is welcome who ever speaks it .	The truth is welcome to those who always speak it.	0
This is just so wrong .	It's just so wrong.	3
Especially with these orientals looking white .	Especially with those Easterners who look white.	3
PM me if you want to chat .	If you want to chat, please contact us.	0
Those are the ones that I respect .	These are those I respect.	0
I see pro and cons of both .	I see both advantages and disadvantages.	0
Melinda Allen 's mother discovered the bodies of her daughter and grandson at the family 's home at 2103 Maple Ave Police : Mother , Son Stabbed , Cut To Death - News Story - WTOV Steubenville video UPDATE : W. V. murder suspect dead in Susq .	Melinda Allen's mother found her daughter and grandson's bodies in the house of 2103 Maple Ave police: mother, son caught, cut to death - news story - WTOV Steubenville video update : W. V. murder suspect died in Susk.	0
The fact that she s casually announced this to the country functions as a make-shift IQ test right there . That s because of your reputation ; not your looks , love .	The fact that she has accidentally announced this in the country works as an IQ change test just there.	0
YouTube - Fight At Chuck E. Cheese In California !	Fight Chuck E. Cheese in California!	0
Awesome.	It is amazing.	0
All i see are 1911 smiths , revolver smiths , then machinists who cut crown thread barrels .	Everything I saw was the 1911 Smith, the Raven Smith, and then the mechanists, who cut the coronary barrel.	0
As i always said before , there is just too much animosity over the last 200 years for that to occur .	As I’ve always said before, there’s been too much hostility for that to happen over the past 200 years.	0
Which proves that they are a different people , and by any chance not Slavic .	This proves that they are other people, and they are not Slavs anyway.	0
But may You always love each other the way You have loved each other today .	May you love each other forever, just as you love today.	0
After a few months to a year you wo n't be losing many fights .	After a few months to a year, you won’t lose a lot of battles.	0
im a 21 year old white woman , mother of one 2 year old boy. i have been looking for others like me in oregon for quite some time now and have ony found a few .	I am a white woman of 21 years, mother of a boy of 2 years. I have been looking for others like me in oregon for some time now and I have found some of them.	0
CAMPO SAN DIEGO EAST COUNTY CALIFORNIA On Now thru August 7 , 2005 760 644-0857 Come One Come All !	CAMPO SAN DIEGO COUNTY EAST CALIFORNIA ON NOW Thru 7 August 2005 760 644-0857 Come One Come All!	0
Social Security .	and social security.	0
I bought a Glock too , and shot about 2,000 rounds out of it last year .	I also bought a Glock, and I took about 2000 rounds of this last year.	0
Double Standard ?	The double standard.	0
If you will stop eating it then it will not cost me so much .	If you stop eating it, it won’t cost me a lot.	0
What happened was that Vanemuine ( God of songs and games ) did n't like Estonians singing in English and sent Taara ( God of thunder and lighting ) to do something about it Sorry about the off-topic but I just had to post it somewhere and did n't want to make new topic for that .	What happened was that Vanemuine (the god of song and game) didn't like the Estonians singing in English, but Taara (the God of light and light) sent me to do something about it, but I'm sorry about the off-pick, I had to post somewhere and I thought I wanted to create a new theme for it.	0
You AREN' T White :	You are white.	1
My family and I are wanting to come out and look around a little more .	My family and I want to go out and look around a bit more.	0
Andre Gide French critic , essayist , & novelist ( 1869 - 1951 )	André Gide, French critic, essayist and novelist (1869 - 1951)	0
Only if they get their collective heads out of the punch bowl and wake up to what 's going on in the world .	Only when they get their collective heads out of the fighting bowl and awaken to what is happening in the world.	0
That 's winning activism .	This is a winning activism.	0
Israeli Minister `` We always use the anti-Semitism trick or bring up the Holocaust '' - YouTube	Israeli Minister: “We still use the trick of anti-Semitism or highlight the Holocaust”	0
It 's sadder when whites try to go black .	It’s more sad when white people try to be black.	0
USA is represented by a negro family and Australia a I have no clue what family .	America is represented by the black family and Australia, and I don't know any family.	0
I 'm more into wolves than lions .	I'm more in wolves than in lions.	0
Two e-mails sent , and will phone as soon as I shut down here .	Two e-mails sent, I’ll call once I’m closed here.	0
Free North Carolina : Peterson 's particulars VikingInMe	Free North Carolina: Peterson's details from VikingInMe	0
Instead we are left to shed a tear for the black kids killed in a church bombing 40 years ago .	Instead, we are left to shed tears for black children who died in church bombings 40 years ago.	0
Looking at things it was shown up till about a three thousand years ago no mongoloids existed in the Tairm basen area .	Looking at things, it became clear that there were no Mongoloids in the Tail Basin until about 3,000 years ago.	0
Mountain view is a nice little town but remember the area is somewhat impoverished .	View from the mountain is a beautiful small town, but remember that the area is a bit poor.	0
I thought it was like a tranny that slept with 200 men !	I thought it’s like a tranny who slept with 200 men!	0
If there is dirty dancing or sexual contact report it to the principle likely there will be some and maybe they wo n't ever schedule a dance like that again .	If there are dirty dances or sexual contacts, it is possible to report as a rule, and they will never plan for such a dance again.	0
But like I have said many times ... the haplogroup type ALONE will not tell or describe ones whole genetic map or how one looks like .	But, as I’ve said many times... haplogroup type ALONE will not tell or explain the entire genetic map or how it looks.	0
Blacks do n't need other blacks to pass on their genes .	Black people do not need other black people to pass through their genes.	3
That letter would fall on deaf ears .	This letter will fall on the ears of the blind.	0
This is one of those that I have on the wall .	This is one of the ones I have on the wall.	0
hey whats up i 'm new on here and i would like to have someone to talk to so hit me back for whatever	Hi, I'm new here and I'd like to have someone to talk to, so I hit myself again for whatever.	0
Also it 's NOT genocide. stop calling it that .	It is also not a genocide, stop calling it.	0
Neither an attack on his nose ( which I ca n't distinguish from my own BTW ) .	There is no attack on his nose (I cannot distinguish from my own BTW).	0
no you do n't have to be silent read the rest of my post , christ your really thick are n't you .	No, you don’t need to be silent reading the rest of my post, Christ your real fat is not you.	0
Every beautiful place on Earth has to be ruined .	Every beautiful place on earth must be destroyed.	0
Well someone needs to set one up ASAP .	Sometimes you need to set up an ASAP.	0
Newsnet14.com thugreport.com It 's a shame most of the people that came here are just rambling about killing people though lol ....	Newsnet14.com thuggreport.com It's a shame most people who have come here are just rambling on killing people although lol....	0
But UFC and TUF is rigged and staged .	However, UFC and TUF are intense and staged.	0
Economic empowerment is the way to political success .	Economic power is the path to political success.	0
Short Barrel 45 feet : Taurus Judge With Winchester PDX1 Loads - YouTube Short Barrel 30 feet : Taurus Judge 000 buckshot/.45LC tests at a life size target .	Short Barrel 45 feet : Judge of Taurus with Winchester PDX1 Loads - YouTube Short 30 feet Barrel : judge of taurus 000 buckshot/.45LC tests on a life-size target.	0
-- Police said the suspect , Abraham Allen , hanged himself after the murders in a Pennsylvania home where the couple used to live .	According to the police, the suspect Abraham Allen was killed after the murder in a house in Pennsylvania where the couple lived.	0
Where have you seen the initials 88/77 ?	Where did you see the initial 88/77?	0
Check out the RebelSong downloads , you can hear the newest up and coming White power bands , CradleSong and Patriots Call .	Check out RebelSong downloads, you can listen to the latest bands of White Power, CradleSong and Patriots Call.	0
Graduate from College ( 2 years left woo hoo ! ) 3 .	Graduate at the University (2 years left woo hoo! ) 3.	0
Now learn your ballet ! : P - Zoë	Now learn your ballet! :P – Zoë	0
Angela Spain was murdered in her home by a drifter negro .	Angela was killed by a black man in her house.	1
I guess I got lucky , I we n't to a public high school and we never had to learn about the holohoax .	I think I’ve had luck, I’m not in public secondary school and we’ve never had to learn about the holohoax	1
They 're all `` Brown Lines '' .	They are all ‘Brown Lines’.	3
immigrants are desperate to stay here. who can blame them ? our government treats them as lords and we as muck. welcome to SFI Pluirin !	Immigrants are desperate to stay here, but who can blame them?Our government treats them as protagonists, and we treat them as Mucks.	1
Only they do and all their brainwash followers .	Only them and all their brainwashing followers.	1
Nothing has ever been as harmful to society as jews , their savage beasts , and their thoughtless gimmiegrunts .	There is nothing more harmful to society than the Jews, their wild animals and their ignorant animals.	1
Anybody with half a brain knows that 's it 's BS and how Negroes have n't done anything for the development of any society , let alone Europe .	Everyone with half-brain knows that it is BS and how the Negroes have done nothing for the development of a society, at least Europe.	1
I 'm beginning to wonder with all your posts defending the greatest race-traitor and puppet-of-Jewry that Great Britain has ever produced .	I began to suspect that all of your posts were defending the greatest racial traitor and Jewish idol in British history.	1
It 's uncalled for , UnWhite , and uncivilized .	It is not called for, Non-White and non-civilized.	3
If we do n't act soon they will bread us out .	If we don’t act soon, they’ll break us.	1
DuetschGirlTX, No I live in a tiny ass town where i am only one of 100 white folks ( maybe less ) . near San Antonio. there are so many dirts around and they all stick together. so when it comes to a White Girl in this town i gotta have my own back ALWAYS Is that where you are ?	DuetschGirlTX, I don’t live in a little ass town where I’m just one of the 100 white (per less) near San Antonio. there’s so much dirt around and all come together. so when it comes to a white girl in this city I have to have my own back ALWAYS.	1
I ca n't fathom seeing all those brainless whites along with their negro counterparts worshipping Obama .	I can’t see all these brainless white people and their black counterparts worshiping Obama.	1
Not good news at all but this happens in all European nations and is no doubt pushed by the likes of Jews like Summer Redstone and MTV !!	This is not a good news in any case but it happens in all European nations and is undoubtedly pushed by Jews like Summer Redstone and MTV!!	1
Blacks in South Africa wondering why their country is going to hell when they put Blacks in charge .	South African black people wonder why their country will go to hell when they take black people in charge.	1
I disagree you can never justify race mixing Some of them girls may have been brainwashed by media , also you are condemning their kids and furture generations of kids to a non white future .	I do not agree that you can never justify the mix of race Some of them may have been washed by the media, you are also condemning their children and stealing the generations of children to a non-white future.	1
The problem is there 's so many white liberal self hating traitors on the same side as the Jews and nonwhites .	The problem is that there are so many white-liberal self-hate traitors on the side of both Jews and non-whites.	1
You are telling me that 78 % of kids under 6 in Frankfurt are all foreigners ?	Did you tell me that 78% of children under the age of 6 in Frankfurt are foreigners?	3
Stop showing off South Asian functional illiteracy .	Stop demonstrating functional illiteracy in South Asia.	1
They are too dung stupid to be able to tap into the market .	They are too stupid to enter the market.	1
This is the false front which jews present to the world , but jews are quite varied in their opinions and beliefs .	This is the false front that Jews presented to the world, but Jews are quite diverse in their views and beliefs.	1
The way Jews work together with such cunning would be admirable if their works where not to such disgusting evil ends .	The way the Jews work with such a madness would be surprising if their work did not end by such a hateful evil.	1
Put that fat Black idiot to work and she would n't be smirking at Whitey and playing stupid for the camera at her welfare review hearing !	Put that big black idiot at work and she’t laugh at Whitey and’Tn’t play foolish for the camera during her well-being examination hearing.	1
I have both excellent credit and money , but would never live in the Southwest .	I have both great credit and money, but I will never live in the Southwest.	3
Maybe they 're confusing the fact that we 're tired of LIBTARDS on TV for our being tired of White people .	Maybe they’re confusing the fact that we’re tired of LIBTARDS on television because we’ve been tired by the White Man.	1
They are supporting the destruction of their future generations .	They are helping to destroy their future generations.	1
There's no way to stop them from coming to Canada all that is needed is proof of ownership of a house in India , africa etc and they can enter in on a tourist visa .	There is no way to stop them from coming to Canada, all they need is proof of owning a home such as India, Africa, and they can enter with a tourist visa.	1
That negro 's place is in Africa , and the teacher did n't send him there .	The place of that Negro is in Africa, and the Master did not send him there.	1
Fogalmam sincs hogy mennyi lehet itt .	I have heard a lot of thoughts about the people here.	2
While they are in prison the kikes should get the same food the regular prison population gets ...	While in prison, the kikes should receive the same food as the normal prison population.	1
I relate to a coon runiing a football is like a coon with a tv running from a police siren .	I talked about a coon running a soccer, it's like a con with a TV running a police siren	2
Jews have been poisoning wells since Biblical times .	The Jews have been poisoning the baths since the biblical times.	1
When asked how I knew the holocaust was a lie my answer was if it was the truth there would be no laws against saying it was a lie .	When asked how I knew that the Holocaust was a lie, my answer was that if it were true, there would be no law that would prohibit it from being a lie.	1
Negros are so dumb .	Black people are so stupid.	1
Her tainted feet have no place in Sweden .	His stained feet do not have a place in Sweden.	1
I have to help I WILL NOT see these animals go free !!	I need help I would not like to see these animals go free!!	1
Pakis are all about forcing their culture on us .	The Pakistanians are all to force their culture on us.	1
Marxist Subversion happened .	Marxist subversion has taken place.	1
The most absurd thing I have ever heard a nig say is , and I quote ...	The most ridiculous thing I’ve ever heard about Nig Say, and I’ll quote...	3
Holocaust has no business in there .	The Holocaust does not have any business there.	1
Allow me to apologize for my last post , as I was drinking heavily last night but you callin me a genetic lottery winner ? come on now I 've had my fair share of hard times just last week a yellow person came into my place of work and started making trouble .	Let me apologize for my last post because I was drunk hard yesterday night, but do you call me a genetic lottery winner? now I have my fair share of a difficult time, just last week a yellow man came to my workplace and began to make trouble.	1
Soon in their minds it is ok to date them and have children with them thus polluting our great race and pushing us further toward extinction .	Soon, in their minds, dating them and having children with them contaminated our great race and pushed us further to extinction.	1
An ape without a penis will never be able to pass it on to others .	A monkey without a penis can never pass it on to others.	1
Many of them are doing just as their masters desire .	Many of them do exactly what their masters want.	1
I hope that black creep does not get off easy .	Black Creep is not easy.	1
The work place pensions advert is pretty bad , anyone seen it ?	The job pension advertising is pretty bad, did anyone see it?	3
The point is not the throne itself but the reason for it and what it represents to the apes fighting and tramping for it .	The point is not the throne itself, but the reason for its existence and what it represents for the monkeys fighting for it.	1
Most if not all of the whites at my school are complete race traitors	Most, if not all, white people in my school are complete racial traitors.	1
Around here they are the tool to get them in the community .	Here, they are the tools to bring them into the community.	3
I feel like I should pull out my passport when I want into walmart with all the * * * * ing pakis and * * * * in there	I feel like when I want to enter Walmart I should take out my passport, which contains all * * ing pakis and *	1
The worst thing happened to internet freedoms when albanians used their spare time from selling drugs to learn to use computers .	The worst thing happened with the internet freedom when the Albanians spent their free time selling drugs to learn how to computer.	1
I think there is more threat from Russians than from Jews .	I think there are more threats from the Russians than from the Jews.	1
Like it or not , and I certainly do n't , but Ireland , especially NI is littered with memorials to , and even statues of , red terrorists .	Like it or not, and I don’t, but Ireland, especially NI, is full of monuments to the red terrorists, and even sculptures.	1
He's a retarded feral negro ( yes , feral humans who cannot talk occasionally pop up , having been abandoned as children. ) .	He appeared as a late wild black (yes, sometimes a wild man who couldn’t speak, and was abandoned in his childhood).	1
The negro is for White genocide , and I have nothing for the negro , not even sympathy in any way .	The black people were for the white massacre, and I have nothing to the black people, not even any sympathy.	1
Always nice to see a negro on the receiving end of a beat down from a white for a change .	It’s always a pleasure to see a black man get a blow from a white man at the end of receiving, in order to change.	1
Niggas do n't wait in no lines .	Niggas is not waiting for any lines.	1
The penguins have n't been indoctrinated ... yet .	Penguins are not yet indoctrinated.	3
If you search around you can probably find `` hoax of the 20th century '' for free on the net .	If you’re searching around, you’ll probably find ‘20th Century Hoax’ free on the network.	1
It 's not a coincidence that they attack in packs and side with the herd on every ethical question ; they 're inferior and they know it , ill-suited to standing up alone or thinking through a complex scenario to settle upon an internally consistent position .	It is not a coincidence that they attack with a group on every moral issue; they are “lower than morality, and they know this, and are not suitable to stand alone or think of complex scenarios to solve internal consensus positions.”	1
The white population must have a place it calls its own , segregated .	The white population should have a secluded place where they call themselves.	1
Hispanics , Blacks and Asians are all doing it .	The Hispanics, the Black and the Asians do all that.	1
I can picture him as that baby monkey on the ' save the rainforest comercial or whatever	I can imagine it as that baby monkey in the'save the commercial tropical forest or whatever it is	1
Who the hell cares if its not kosher ...	Who is interested in hell if it is not kosher?	1
So even if it was shown n a bad light I would hope it would bring lots more new members as the time has come to show the non white races that we can only take so much before we raise up	So even if it is shown in a bad light, I hope it will bring more new members, because the time to show non-white racing cars we can only take so much before we rise up.	1
But Wayne I want a brown baby like all the other girls on the estate !	But Wayne, I want a brown baby like every other girl on the estate!	3
Seems like a cowardly way to fight .	It looks like a cowardly method of fighting.	3
No need to allow FACTS to get in the way of a good White guilt message ! ... and the jew laughs loudly !	There is no need to allow the facts to enter the way of a good message of white guilt!... and the Jews laugh at a loud voice!	1
As the saying goes , you can take the ape out of the jungle , but you ca n't take the jungle out of the ape .	As you say, you can get the lion out of the forest, but not get the forest out of lion.	1
zpridez NO big deal , I got your drift.IMO If these bellyaching Black peoples et al continue to negate/or ignore the present ' Products of Progress ' within society we 're all doomed .	If these bellyaching Black peoples et al continue to deny/or ignore the present 'Products of Progress' within society we're all doomed.	1
I have been trying to find a job but the mexicans take everything we had .	I tried to find a job, but the Mexicans took everything we had.	1
Hi everyone .... I 'm from Slovenia and I utterly hate every living muslim in this world ....... and I despise even the dead ones	I am from Slovenia, I hate all the living Muslims in this world, and I hate even the dead.	1
I watch fights on gay parade in budapest together with my friends from hungary , we were together on vacation in one croatian island , it was great to watch how hungarian nationalists were smashing gay parade btw I have some hungarian blood , my grandmother was hungarian Kitartas !	I watched the fighting at the gay parade in Budapest with friends from Hungary, and we were spending our holidays together on the Croatian island, it was great to see Hungarian nationalists destroying gay parades.	1
Sadly, I think the government would step in if we tried to stop the lesser races from moving into our land .	Unfortunately, I think the government will take action if we try to prevent smaller races from entering our lands.	1
Most of these videos belong on the Animal Planet tv channel .	Most of these videos are from Animal Planet TV channels.	1
`` I wanna look just like that skinny white lady , just black and beautiful . '' * shakes his head *	"I want to look like that thin white woman, only black and beautiful."	3
They should be forced to wear the hijab to show that they are different from us .	They should be compelled to wear the hijab to show that they're different from us.	1
Not many .	Not much.	3
We've had a couple of similar cases in Finland , when a nig purposefully tried to give dozens of Finnish women hiv/aids .	We had several similar cases in Finland when a little boy intentionally tried to give dozens of Finnish women HIV/AIDS.	1
One the Chinese get there teeth into a country that s it they take over .	The Chinese are putting their teeth in the countries they occupy.	1
One time she came in crying telling me that pavement ape `` hit me in the tummy '' .	One day, she cried and told me that the street monkey “hit my stomach.”	1
When the non-whites come we should stand together and send em packing , like they do to us .	When non-white people come, we should stand together and deliver the package to them, just as they do to us.	1
And here 's what David Irving 's site offers on Hitler 's Table Talks .	And here’s what David Irving’s website offers in Hitler’s Table Talk.	1
the white race will soon be on the brink of being a minority in a few years if nothing is done to stop these vile hordes invading our lands , I for one do not want to live in a city like Bradford or Birmingham where we are outnumbered 2 to 1 or worse	The white race will be on the edge of a minority within a few years, and if nothing is done to stop these evil groups from invading our land, I think I don’t want to live in cities like Bradford or Birmingham, where we’re over 2 to 1 or worse.	1
If you want to see what having a black , kenyan White-hating muslime in the Whitehouse has created , go look at Tarantino 's latest flick Django Unchained .	If you want to see what black, Kenya white-hated Muslims have created in the White House, check out Tarantino’s latest clip Django Unchained.	1
Liberals have this illusion that genes pick and select which genes that get passed down and they think it only passes down the good ones .	Liberals have the illusion that genes will choose and choose what genes, and they believe that they only pass on good genes.	3
The BLMtards are here , they crashed the LBBQWTF parade last month ( lol ) .	The BLMtards are here, they crashed on the LBBQWTF parade last month.	1
Yeah I think they 'd be much better off back home .	I think it would be better to go home.	1
I think people should not marry out of your own race .	People think they should not marry their own race.	3
They are doing the same to all the white nations .	They are doing the same with all white nations.	3
WTF are you laughing ' Groid The Jews are just using you Monkeys Get lost go eat some watermelon and shoot some dice or something .	WTF is you laugh'Groid the Jews are simply using you Monkeys Get Lost will eat a little water melon and shoot a couple of knives or something.	1
I guess the Yonge St retail district will be smashed and looted .	I think Yonge St’s retail district will be crushed and looted.	1
Indeed, I have n't seen or heard machines raping or robbing people in the streets of Stockholm yet , non-european immigrants however ...	In fact, I have not seen or heard that machines rape or steal people on the streets of Stockholm, however, non-European immigrants...	1
Jewish Supremicism is at the end of its noose. : madex	Jewish supremacism is at its end. :Madex	1
It really pisses of the liberal leftist	This is a huge blow to the liberal left.	1
So you use the jew run media brainwashing service to give credit to soo few black people ?	So do you use Jewish media brainwashing services to give credit to a minority of blacks?	1
All we here an Stormfront Britain are saying is that MASS white immigration is detrimental to OUR nation for the reasons we have given time after time .	What we are saying here is that massive white immigration is harmful to our country because of the reasons we give from time to time.	1
So they can get reparations for their great grand parents ' `` suffering '' plus more .	Thus, they can get compensation for their great grandparents "sick" in addition to more.	1
The final solution to the goyim problem .	The final solution for the goyim problem.	3
This land was founded by whites for whites and I prefer to punish the symptom of urban decay rather than just its zowg figurehead .	This land was created by whites for whites, and I would rather punish the symptoms of the collapse of the city than just its head.	1
Liberal is just the PC word for Rapist .	Liberal is only the word for PC for Rapist.	1
To be honest .. i dont think this Muslim killed him because he thought the swedish boy looked like a racist ... it was probably just an excuse .	To be honest, I don’t think this Muslim killed him because he thought the Swedish boy looked like a racist.	1
I would not be surprised if this woman was specifically targeted by local Jews from her town for this abominable treatment .	I will not be surprised if this woman was specially targeted for this unrighteous treatment by the local Jews of her village.	1
Blacks hate whites .	Black people hate white people.	1
Oh I do n't know ..... Look at the possibility 's for the sentence if we use their values ...	Oh, I don't know.. look at the possibility of the phrase if we use their value...	3
Wasn't it the Government in the Congo that was at war with the gorillas a while back because the gorillas were `` threatening their superiority '' ?	Is it not the Government of the Congo who has been in war with the gorillas for some time because the gorilla “threatened their superiority”?	1
At least shop where a white is at the counter is my rule .	At least the store where a white man is in the store is my rule.	1
They instead decide by convenience , low risk , and unenlightened self-interest .	Instead, they decide on convenience, low risk, and unrevealed self-interest.	1
They want to control the masses , and are doing it in every major institution , including schools .	They want to control the masses, and they are doing so in all major institutions, including schools.	3
