Interesting .	Funny	0
I have a subway nearby and eat there occasionally .	There is a metro nearby and sometimes we eat.	0
or say sentences with a swear word in between each word except to music , or go to jail ur whole life	Or to say a phrase, swear between each word, except music, or go to prison for a lifetime.	0
Danny p.s.please.excuse.my.keyboard , as , it 's.on.the.fritz 9 / LOL .	Danny p.s.please.excuse.my.keyboard like, it's.on.the.fritz 9 / LOL.	0
K	k is	0
Enough is enough .	Sufficient is enough.	0
Rüütel talaði um hve erfiðir tímar hefðu verið þegar sjálfstæðisyfirlýsingin var gefin út .	And all of this is going on.	2
What is better ?	Which is better?	0
And , nice picture too !	This is a beautiful photo too!	0
**** off bulgar turkic peice of * * * * and * * * * ustasha KOSOVO belongs to SERBİA get used to it however much you hate serbs , also by the way Makedonia belongs to Greece not bulgayria	* * * and * * ustasha KOSOVO belongs to SERBIA get used to it no matter how much you hate the Serbs, as well Macedonia belong to Greece not Bulgaria	1
The Jews are responsible for massive non-White immigration to Europe and North America .	The Jews are responsible for the massive non-white immigration into Europe and North America.	0
Let's hear the full version .	Let's listen to the full version.	0
There are people I know of that actually are like that , I 'm sorry to say .	People I know are really like that, I'm sorry to say.	0
Hey there I 'm just up the mountain from u .	Behold, I am right above your mountain.	0
Many years ago maybe , there 's no ammo for them anyway , rather send a donation of a few thousand M4 's	Maybe years ago, there was still no ammunition for them, but rather sending donations of thousands of M4.	0
Більше читайте тут : ? ????? ?????????? ????????? ?????????? ??? ???? ?? ??? ????? ??????????? ????????? ??????? - ???? - ??? .ua ? ????? ?????????? ????????? ?????????? ??? ???? ?? ??? ????? ??????????? ????????? ??????? - ???? - ??? .ua Google translate works ( kinda )	Eat, Eat and Eat	2
I was n't there too long but long enough to hate that place .	I wasn’t there too long, but long enough to be able to hate this place.	0
Let me know !	Please let me know!	0
We will never forget their heroism .	We shall never forget his heroism.	0
ya my little sister doesnt like little black girls when they try to talk to her she pulls a disgusted face and says why are you black ?? and i laugh and say `` Maggie dont talk to her ''	ya My little sister doesn't like a little black girl when they try to talk to her, she pulls a disgusting face and says why you're black and I laugh, "Maggie said to her	1
Hi, just joined the forums and looking forward to joining in the discussions with fellow white nationalists and having some interesting debates , good to be here amongst friends Thewhitewolf88	Hello, I just joined the forum, looking forward to joining the discussion with white nationalist colleagues, and there are some interesting discussions and I am happy to be here among the friends.	0
Brutal: Expanding Reach Of Mexico 's Drug Cartels YouTube - Dispatch : Expanding Reach of Mexico 's Drug Cartels YouTube - Stratfor Insight - Mexican Drug Cartels	Cruelty: Expanding the Scope of the Mexican Drug Cartel YouTube - Dispatch : Expanding the scope of Mexico's Drug Cartels YouTube - Stratfor Insight - Mexican Narcotic Cartels	0
It really would n't surprise me if 3 years marked a big change in attitudes as well as demographics	I would not be surprised if three years marked a great change in attitudes and demographics.	0
Like the Gods telling us that this does n't work !	As the gods tell us, this doesn’t work!	0
I was actually scared a few times .	In fact, I was scared a couple of times.	0
New Intro , music leads in and out .	Introduction, music leads inside and out.	0
Way to go !	Go on the way!	0
They also said the same thing about the white girls that was severely beaten on Halloween a few years ago and also about the pregnant woman that was beaten in front of her own house .	They also said the same about a white girl who was brutally beaten at Halloween a few years ago, and also about a pregnant woman who was beaten in front of her house.	0
Quit eating at mexican food places .	Stop eating in Mexican restaurants.	3
I feel this is racist against whites !	I think this is racism against white people.	0
Have you ever heard about death mask of Franco ?	Have you ever heard of Franco's death mask?	0
YouTube - & #x202a ; Kolovrat Kosovski front & #x202c ; & lrm ;	YouTube – & #x202a ; Kolovrat Kosovo front & # x202c ; & lrm ;	0
I prefer classical music and marching band works , particularly the kind of score that was written for marching band , not some pop song transcribed to be played by instruments .	I prefer the work of classical music and parade bands, especially the songs written for parades, rather than certain popular songs transcribed to be played by instruments.	0
As the pace of retailer collapse accelerates in 2009 , larger malls will begin to go dark .	As the rate of retail collapse accelerated in 2009, the larger shopping malls would begin to darken.	0
For God 's sake nobody cares about this childish personal crap .	No one is concerned about this childish shit.	0
There was a thread here somewhere long ago about someone who went to a police station and saw they had it on the wall for public information ; probably the ADL has mailed these to many police stations .	A long time ago, there was a clue about someone going to the police station and seeing them delivering information to the public on the wall; it is possible that ADL had sent those emails to many police stations.	0
There's more sex and sleaze condensed on the shelves of the check out line than you 'll get in 2 hours of TV - and 2 hours of TV is lethal to your spirit !	On the shelves of the check-out line, more sex and sludge is condensed than you’ll get in 2 hours of television — and 2 hours TV is deadly for your mind!	0
I hope it goes well .	I hope this goes well.	0
Then again , in this modern age of white youth emulating negroes and white adults groveling at the feet of the juden , perhaps it 's an appropriate word after all .	Nevertheless, in the modern era of white youth where black and white adults shake at the feet of Jews, that is the right word.	1
Jesli sa , to sie chowaja , albo nie wiedza co to Stormfront .	If you don’t know if you’re facing the storm or not.	2
This is my next read .	Here is my next reading.	0
hope one day i will be able to see finland withouth those * * * * ing monkey ass soumalian ... im glad .. because finland has lowest immigrate in europe ..... kick those * * * * ing soumalians ass .....	I hope that one day I can see the Finnish monkeys that * * * English monkey ass Somalians... I’m glad... because Finland has the lowest immigrants in Europe... hit those ** English Somali ass...	1
- Pioneer Little Europe ( PLE ) Didnt anybody teach you ?	Pioneer Little Europe Didn't anyone teach you?	0
Worth .	is worth.	0
Bobby van Jaarsveld - Kyk Waar Is Ons Nou [ Official Music Video ] - YouTube We can all have a dance and feel good for a while .	Bobby van Jaarsveld - Kyk Waar Is Ons Nou [ official music video ] - YouTube We all dance and feel good for a while.	0
I consider it one of the greatest honors that I got to see the ultrasound .	I see it as one of the greatest honour that I have seen the ultrasound.	0
Just saying .	just say.	0
Fine with me as long as they do n't parade the city and demand `` gay rights '' ... keep it in the closed god damnit , homosexuality is n't exatly something to be proud of	It’s good for me, as long as they don’t march in the city and demand “homosexual rights”... put it in the closed curse of God, homosexuality isn’t something to be proud of.	1
New Supreme Court Justice Lord Dyson | The Jewish Chronicle 4 out of 12 .	The new Supreme Court judge, Lord Dyson, The Jewish Chronicles 4 of 12.	0
Well that has nothing to do with White Nationalism .	But this has nothing to do with white nationalism.	0
22270	72270 to	0
Pick a few , you 'll see what I mean .	Choose a few, you'll see what I mean.	0
No amount of educational funds will drag the population out of it 's sludge .	No amount of education funding will pull the population out of the dirt.	0
My grandmother Has Red Hair .	My mother has red hair.	0
I'm sad to find this out right now but I 'm also sorry to inform you that Kevin was killed several years ago .	I'm sad that I can find out this now, but I'll also apologize to inform you that Kevin was killed a few years ago.	0
A federal judge in New York closed a filthy jew kosher slaughterhouse Tuesday , saying the plant 's dirty birds posed a health risk to the community .	A New York federal judge on Tuesday closed a dirty Jewish kosher slaughterhouse, claiming that dirty birds from the plant posed a risk to community health.	1
Turns out Ms. Whigger has an arrest warrent out for not showing up for court for traffic violations according to the Kalispell Police Dept ....	Whigger, according to the Kalispell Police Department, has been revealed to have an arrest warrant for not appearing in court for traffic violations.	0
It is stupid	It's Dumb	0
This filth is a sectarian British song not an Irish folk song the sort of scum who wrote and admire this filth have no place on a WN forum yet alone an Irish forum	This string is a secular English song rather than an Irish folk song, and those who write and appreciate this string have no place on a WN forum, but only one Irish forum.	1
And there 's lots of water ... with trout and other fish .	And there is a lot of water... with rabbits and other fish.	0
Suomalainen totta kai !	This is Finnish Totta Kai!	2
Number Two : I disagree with your definition of white nationalism because it is confusing .	Number two: I do not agree with your definition of white nationalism because it is confused.	0
I am doing online school for my associates in computer information systems with a concentration in web design .	I have been doing an online school for my peers in computer information systems with a focus on web design.	0
Basically , we are the fathers of millions of black little bastards .	Basically, we are the parents of millions of little black bastards.	0
Got rid of a semi custom 1911 because every time it rained or work or i sweated i had to clean it or in a few days rust would show up .	Get rid of the half of the habit in 1911, because every time it rains or works or I sweat, I have to clean it, or in a few days it will appear.	0
It's easy for them to multiply because their African genes are so incredibly pronounced .	Their African genes are so surprisingly pronounced, so it is easy for them to reproduce.	3
There are public schools and public libraries everywhere .	There are schools and libraries everywhere.	0
It does n't really mean anything .	It actually does not mean anything.	0
TF .	and tf.	0
https : //www.youtube.com/watch ? v = DeiW _ bWZ2Is https : //www.youtube.com/watch ? v = jWFq-v7TKdQ https : //www.youtube.com/watch ? v = iAzn9V3ha3Y https : //www.youtube.com/watch ? v = wTNfdPxtfek	https: //www.youtube.com/watch? v = DeiW _ bWZ2Is https: /www.YouTube.com /watch?v = jWFq-v7TKdQ https: \www.facebook.com-watch? V = iAzn9V3ha3Y https:	0
All of these events would have made great TV .	All of those events would have made a great TV.	0
Now I just need to figure out what you are doing here .	Now I just have to figure out what you're doing here.	0
* Unsubscribed * Off to the SA threads .	* No subscription * Deactivated to SA threads.	0
And Oh My God .	And O my God.	0
Honestly, coming out with an ill thought out rant like this would see you dismissed as a crank in any meaningful debate .	Frankly, bringing out such a bad idea will lead you to be rejected in any meaningful debate.	0
They aught be ashamed of themselves for covering up or downplaying the story about these predators .	They would be ashamed to cover up or underestimate the stories of these predators.	1
What do i know ? ?!!!!! ...	What do you know?!!!	0
But if White people find a user for a plant native to Africa , the negroes want a royalty .	But if white people find users for plants of African origin, black people want a royal family.	1
- YouTube Heil Hitler !	Heal Hitler on YouTube!	0
Pray vnto Odin .	Praying to Odin.	0
Thanks It may not seem like much but just puting one of those leaflets up on a noticeboard gets a lot of people talking .	This may not seem much, but just putting one of the brochures on the notification board will make a lot of people talk.	0
NEVER be the first one to offer information about yourself or job history to ANYONE on the net .	Never be the first to provide information about yourself or your work history to anyone online.	0
Canada is on par or worse than Germany these days for being anti-Nationalist .	Canada is now worse than Germany because it is anti-nationalist.	0
http://www.youtube.com/watch ? v = R8gYc5fvMQ0	HTTP://www.youtube.com/watch? v = R5gYc5fvMQ0	0
(Warning: do not watch on a full stomach ) I 'm Jewish And You Know It - Official Parody to Sexy and I know it - YouTube	I'm Jewish And You Know It - Official Parody to Sexy and I Know It	0
And second of all whites are smarter than asians and if you ever look at bodybuilding contests you will see only whites maybe one or 2 blacks .	And all white people are smarter than Asians, and if you watch a bodybuilding contest, only white people will see one or two blacks.	1
Arseniy Yatsenyuk approved as Ukraine 's new prime minister Arseniy Yatsenyuk , Ukraine 's new prime minister Published February 27 , 2014 / FoxNews.com Source : Arseniy Yatsenyuk approved as Ukraine 's new prime minister | Fox News	Arseniy Yatsenyuk Approved as the New Prime Minister of Ukraine, Arsenij Yatseniuk Announced the New President of Ukraine February 27, 2014 / FoxNews.com Source: Arsenyi Yatsenieuk has been approved as the new minister of Ukraine Fox News	0
hi guys i have just registered in order to say my opinion from my experience in real life or internet about your issues .	Hi guys, I have registered to tell you my opinions about your problems in real life or from my experiences on the Internet.	0
Good going libtards , you ruined Rhodesia .	Go well, you destroyed Rhodesia.	1
I want to see Whites bused in there until the Latinos are a 30 % minority and not outnumbering the Asians , Blacks and Whites .	I would like to see white people gathered there until they are a 30% minority of Latinos, overtaking Asians, blacks and whites.	0
But who knows ?	And who knows?	0
Maybe it had something to do with the Soviets not even having the funds to keep an ample supply of food or toilet paper in their own country .	Per this is due to the fact that the Soviet Union did not even have enough funds to maintain a large supply of food or toilet paper in its own country.	1
He said he is offended by the Jewwatch website . Jewish Google owners	He said he was offended by the Jewwatch site. Jewish owners of Google	0
I would probably be French instead of American .	I might be a French, not a American.	0
Rhodine van der Walt was shot and killed in her home in Kempton Park on Saturday night , 1 Feb 2014 by blacks .	Rhodine van der Walt was shot and killed by a black man in a house in Kempton Park on Saturday night, February 1, 2014.	0
This is the same white flight pattern all over the world , the problem being eventually we will run out of space to live .	This is the same white flight pattern around the world, the problem is that we will finally leave the space to live.	0
It 's mind boggling to me , I mean they just cut it off and run off with it in their hands ?	It comes up in my mind, do I mean they cut it off and run it with their hands?	0
So do my kids , and they are 4 & 5	So do my kids and they're 4 and 5.	0
This is part four of a five part series of videos on the German minority in Upper Silesia .	This is the fourth part of a five-part video series about the German minority in the upper Silesia.	0
Or better yet find another job then quit .	Or better to find a job and then leave.	0
( My mom has blue eyes and my dad has green eyes , so I got his eyes. )	(My mother had blue eyes and my father had green eyes, so I got his eyes.)	0
Surely you 're not suggesting teaching that bunch to shoot !	Certainly, you do not suggest teaching this band to shoot a gun!	0
1. type of students allowed Aryans only .	This type of student is only allowed by the Arians.	0
We have to encourage people to boycott all black businesses , start rumours that blacks working in shops have AIDs which is probably true .	We must encourage people to resist all black companies and start rumors that black people work in shops with AID, which may be true.	1
Anti-White C * * T.	Anti-white C * T	0
Yah , I guess there is !!!	I think it exists there!!	0
Im sorry that many people in my country are stupid .	I am sorry that a lot of people in my country are foolish.	0
I hope all goes well in Sweden ( I lived there ) and loved it .	I hope everything goes well in Sweden (I have lived there) and I love it.	0
I wonder what it was like ?	I wondered what was it like?	0
Sergey Brin claims his family were victims of `` anti-semitism . ''	Sergey Brin says his family was a victim of "anti-Semitism."	0
Maybe hate crime will now apply to whites ( in an odd fashion )	Probably hate crime is now applied to white people (in a strange way)	0
I'm often asked what my main squeeze looks like , here she is , Sweet Polly Purebred , in a scene where I save her from the evil jew scientist Simon Bar Sinister	I often ask how my main scenes look, here she is, Sweet Polly Purebred, in the scene that I am seeking her from the evil Jewish scientist Simon Bar Sinister.	0
I've seen that game at the store before .	I saw this game in the store before.	0
I do care about arab christians You are not the only one who is feeling lost i know it sucks to be a non muslim in the middle east. would you like to move to east asia with me ?	You are not the only one who feels lost, I know you are a non-Muslim in the Middle East, you want to go with me to East Asia?	0
Holocaust Handbooks - Educate Yourself - YouTube Holocaust Handbooks is the world 's premiere Revisionist book series .	Holocaust Handbooks is the world’s premiere Revisionist book series.	0
Maaaaany pinders and Asians here ......	Asian and Asian people are here.	3
This should be passed to the left too , who have been victims of ADL tactics including theft of police files , smearing , and illegal spying .	This should also be passed on to the left, which has been the victim of ADL tactics, including theft of police records, blasphemy and illegal espionage.	0
I 've gone through corn mazes as well .	I also went through the corn field.	0
I do n't think anyone here is saying that the Polish are on the same level as blacks .	I don’t think anyone here says that the Poles are at the same level as the Negroes.	0
No wonder children at a younger and younger age are engaging in sexual acts .	It is not surprising that children of younger and younger ages engage in sexual acts.	0
They 're a waste of space and they 're filthy , tax payer robbing , mentally challenged , primitive , unintelligent cultural trash .	They are a waste of space, getting dirty, stealing taxes, mentally challenging, primitive, ignorant cultural garbage.	1
Pathological killers , they are .	These are pathological killers.	1
not sure how we can be anti liberal when we have a prime minister who openly supports israel and sends them cards on their holiday 's laughing stock of the aryan race. not to mention they also openly support the sand people .	We don’t know how we can be anti-liberal when there is a prime minister who openly supports Israel and sends cards to the laughter of the Arians in their holidays.	1
Maybe God was punishing them for their interracial marriage .	Maybe God was punishing her for her interracial marriage.	1
One reason we moved out of our ( at one time 99 % white ) neighborhood was because massive numbers of Chinese moved in and i swear to you a literal rotten smell came with them .	One of the reasons we moved from our (once 99% white) neighborhood is because a huge number of Chinese people have moved, so I swear to you that literally the rotting smell has come with them.	1
Better yet , make her the poster child for Black Resettlement ! Spending her days digging for grub worm dinners would actually be good for her .	It’s better to make her a black re-located poster child! spending her days on a grass dinner will be good for her.	1
Still , a little bit of truth slipping out of an Israeli 's mouth Surprised this thread was moved as it 's all over the news here .	Nevertheless, the surprise that some truth comes out of the mouth of the Israelites is that this news is all here.	1
Myndighetene vurderer nå om de skal få permanent oppholdstillatelse .	The authorities are now investigating whether they are obtaining a permanent residence permit.	2
Many Asians will see something once and memorize it the rest of their lives , but when asked ' how ' it works or use it creatively , they draw a blank .	Many Asians will look at it once and remember it for the rest of their lives, but when asked “how it works” and used creatively, they draw a void.	1
There are lots of brown and black kids in the system gays could adopt .	There are a lot of black and brown children in the system homosexuals could adopt.	1
Dumb ass that was just more Jew propaganda that shows their ( and ) your idiocy now go away with your bulls@ $ t	Stupid ass, that’s just more Jewish propaganda, which suggests that their (and) your stupidity is now gone with your bull@$t	1
Verl : Rechts-Rocker lebt bürgerlich in Verl | Neue Westfälische , Nachrichten aus Ostwestfalen-Lippe , Bielefeld , Gütersloh , Herford , Paderborn , Höxter , Warburg , News , Meldungen , Informationen - Neue Westfälische - Verl For days over Yule , the Zionist controlled press and Antifa scum have been laying siege to Marco from Sleipnir 's family home .	Verl: Rechts-Rocker lebt bürgerlich in Verl, Neue Westfälische, Nachrichten aus Ostwestfalen-Lippe, Bielefeld, Gütersloh, Herford, Paderborn, Höxter, Warburg, news, Meldungen, information - NeueWestfälische - Verl Yule, for several days, Zionist-dominated news and anti-Fascism have surrounded Marco from the home of the Sleipnir family.	1
Actually Monkeys and Apes are more noble creatures and rarely act violent it really is unfare to the Monkeys and Apes to be compared with subhuman Negroids who are by contrast very murderous .	In fact, apes and monkeys are more noble creatures and rarely act violently, but it is really inappropriate to compare apes or apes, in contrast, to very deadly non-human blacks.	1
We do n't need such scum .	We don't need that scum.	1
Thank Odin they do n't try to come in the modern day .	Thanks Odin, they are not trying to come into modern times.	1
Just as soon as they repay for the generations of welfare their majestic peoples have consumed .	Just as they repaid the welfare of generations, their great nation has been consumed.	1
As soon as I hear them uttering their monkey gibberish I feel like smashing my computer screen with my fist .	Once I heard them say their monkeys were screaming, I felt like I was breaking my computer screen with my fist.	1
That 's every groid 's wish anyways .	This is the desire of every big guy anyway.	1
I know a non white who got 5 A 's and 4 B 's but he robably cheated 2508	I know a non-white man, he got 5A and 4B, but he secretly cheated 2508	1
Americans and Irish understand each other better than Spaniards and the beaners .. the US and Ireland are the 1st world so they are educated unlike the beaners .	The Americans and the Irish understand each other better than the Spanish and the Beaners... the United States and Ireland are the first world, so they are educated contrary to the Be.	1
Често сам виђао и : 828 - HBH - Heil Blood & Honour - iveo Krv i Čast .	828 - HBH - Heil Blood & Honor – iveo Krv i Čast.	2
If you had your way their would be no whites to pay taxes so the blacks could collect welfare and as they have proved in Africa they are incapable of feeding themselves	If we had the way, there would be no white people paying taxes so that blacks can collect well-being and, as they have shown in Africa, they are unable to feed themselves.	1
Most white girls are taught and brainwashed to love black guys , only way is to properly educate them and show them what savages they truly are .	Most white girls are taught and cleansed to love black boys, the only way is to educate them properly and show them what	1
Him , his wife , and his kids have absolutely no place in a white nation and it 's disgusting how they put an end to thousands of years of evolution for being so selfish .	He, his wife, and his children have absolutely no place in a white nation, and it is disgusting to end thousands of years of evolution because they are selfish.	1
Probably comes out of Regina .	It may be from Regina.	3
They receive housing and welfare at the taxpayer 's expense while breeding like cockroaches .	You get accommodation and well-being at the expense of the taxpayer while planting like cockroaches.	1
The majority of the people in these photos are more of the threat to America than to the Ukraine in my opinion .	In my opinion, most of the people in these photos pose greater threats to the United States than to Ukraine.	1
Its about time we as a nation take matters into our own hands , over throw the government stop the white genocide deport all immigrants and establish a government to help indigenous white Britons rebuild this country .	It is time for us as a nation to take the matter into our own hands, to stop the white massacre, to expel all immigrants, and to establish a government that will help the indigenous white British rebuild the country.	1
Yeah, seems Negroes are too stupid or too arrogant to use an existing thread , so we see a new `` we be eguptshuns an sheet '' every week or so .	Yes, it seems that black people are too stupid or too arrogant to use existing clues, so we see a new “we are gay” or so every week.	1
Thanks to the imported filth that , like our land under its current occupation .	Because of the imported mud, just like the land under our current occupation.	1
We know they cant swim , but they might not remember that in their lust for ' dat money ' .	We know they don’t know how to swim, but they may not remember this in their desire for money.	1
If lies were money he would be the richest negro in the world	If the lie were money, he would be the richest black man in the world.	1
As Hispanic and Negro populations increase test score averages will decrease .	As the population of Hispanics and blacks increases, the test score averages decrease.	1
Fags are a big problem , they are recruiting our kids , in the schools that we pay for .	Fags are a big problem, they recruit our children, to the schools we pay for.	1
Well Marco is a German patriot and musician who , in the sick minds of ZOG , committed the heinious crime of producing music for a local school .	Marco is a German patriot and musician who committed the horrible crime of making music for local schools in the sick heart of ZOG.	1
When she goes outside , the subhuman ape thing is usually out there .	When she goes out, the subhuman monkeys are usually outside.	1
YouTube - Broadcast Yourself .	YouTube – Broadcast your own.	2
Their lies are so thick and many that people do n't see the truth when it is in front of them !	Their lies are so thick and numerous that people don’t see the truth when it’s in front of them!	1
Liberals change the facts to fit their deluded narrative , intelligent people change the narrative to fit the facts .	Liberals change facts to match their wrong stories, intelligent people change stories to match the facts.	1
Black people are the biggest pawns ever everyone uses them for crime they are always the fall guy.Italian mob uses them to do the dirty work the mexicans use them the japanese use them and the chinese.Now who should know whos name ?	The blacks are the greatest pedestrians of all time, they all use them for crime, they are always the man of the fall.The Italian crowd uses them to do dirty work, the Mexicans use them by the Japanese and the Chinese.	1
There's a place for Poles , it 's called Poland .	There is a place for the Poles, it's called Poland.	1
Bbut they are creeping in slowly seeing more and more these days .	However, they are slowly becoming able to see more and more things these days.	1
See, South Africa is just a glimpe into OUR future , as the beasts of Memphis run it directly into the ground .	See, South Africa is just the cave of our future, as the animals of Memphis push it directly to the ground.	1
This is ARKANSAS they have no right to smell up my place with their chinese restaurant BO ~ ▲ RESTORE ORDER ▲ ~	This is ARKANSAS they do not have the right to smell up my place with their Chinese restaurant.	1
I am sure California is full of sick self hating whites , who think that for the good of all the black brown and yellow peoples of the world , whites need to commit racial suicide and disappear from their face of the earth for their sake and wo n't that be just dandy !	I am confident that California is full of sick self-hating whites who, for the benefit of all the black brown and yellow nations in the world, commit racial suicide and think they need to disappear from the face of the earth for them.	1
They are beating each other to death everywhere , just look what they do to each other in Africa .	They are fighting to kill each other everywhere, and see what they do to each other in Africa.	1
There are London areas that could be described as nothing less than little islamic republics .	There are areas in London that can be described as small Islamic republics.	1
There should not be problems between the different classes inside the race white since we are all whites they should be joined to fight against non-whites they are our enemies .	There should be no problem between the different classes within the white race, because we are all white, and they should unite against non-whites who are our enemies.	1
I considered it being `` ethnically cleansed '' from my childhood home	I thought it was “racial cleansing” in my childhood home.	1
In reality they have no money and it is all a charade .	In fact, they don’t have money, and that’s all a joke.	1
You will know it is a nightmare on day you wake up and you have a black muslim running your country .	You will know that this is a nightmare day, you wake up, you have a black Muslim going in your country.	1
Id recommend woman use their long nails to gauge out the eyes and throat , and stick their finger up their noses .	Id recommends that women use their long nails to measure their eyes and neck and put their fingers on their nose.	1
Har taget en HH-eksamen på handelsskolen i Nyborg .	I have taken a HH-examen at the handelsskolen in Nyborg.	2
Well atleast the guy was 64 years old , hopefully he 's too old to bear any half caste children with that Filipina woman .	Well, at least this man is 64 years old, and he hopes he’ll be too old to have a half-caste child with this Filipino woman.	1
Went outside for recess , and noticed two niglet boys being hostile and ready to rumble , and I figured right that they jumped on each other after returning to class , grabbing Niglet Number One , hauling him outside and pressed that panic button again .	Going back, I noticed that two little boys were hostile, ready to jump, and I correctly imagined they jumped each other after returning to the classroom, catching the Niglet Number One, pulling him out, and again pressing the panic button.	1
It is 85 % Black and latin American .	It is made up of 85% black and Latin Americans.	3
I wish everyone would leave them to their own demise so we can be done with it .	I wish each of them left them to their own destruction so that we can end it.	1
`Interesting' to see someone of the same radio outfit to praise this figure , while there was an amazing show dedicated to uncovering the facts regarding this anti-German filth .	It’s “fun” to see people in the same radio suit praise the figure, while there’s a stunning show dedicated to uncovering the facts about this anti-German dirty.	1
Put the mudraces in their own countries , build a fence around them and wait a decade or two , and soon they 'll be back to the state we found them in , with their numbers decimated by their diseases and wars .	Put them in their own country, build a fence around them, wait a decade or two, and they will soon return to the state we found, their number destroyed by their disease and war.	1
Those nogs in France do n't belong there and then they show how unruly they can be .	Those crows in France don’t belong there, and then they show how anarchic they are.	1
Is that overweight fat useless bitch blind ?	Is this useless blind man too fat?	1
There should be no integration of immigrants with Irish culture .	There should not be any integration of immigrants with the Irish culture.	1
Karina Sørensen er medlem af økontaktudvalget .	Karina Sørensen is a member of the Contact Committee.	2
They are scum , they are traitors .	They are scammers, they are traitors.	1
because they deserve at least a taste of it for helping the white liberals and Jews push it on us I do n't think we should allow it to destroy them though .	Because they deserve it, because they helped the white liberals and Jews to push it on us, I don’t think we should allow it to destroy them.	1
http://www.greatschools.org/cgi-bin/ ... r/855#students 99 % negro .	HTTP: www.greatschools.org/cgi-bin/... r/855# Students are 99% black.	3
Can i suggest some of the locals get up of their behinds and lets these traitors know that this anti-white festival is not welcome in their town 828	I can suggest some of the local people stand up from the back and inform these betrayers that this anti-white festival is not welcomed in their city.	1
So now Stormfront Ireland is solely responsible for all racist attacks in Ireland. lol Ted is right this is the work of the Kikes those * * * * ers are never happy .	So now Stormfront Ireland is solely responsible for all the racist attacks in Ireland. lol Ted is right, that’s the work of the Kikes who * * * never are happy.	1
Yes that game is pretty good its truly 100 % negroid killing action aka mini RAHOWA But i would like to see a expansion set of it ........................ next mission in harlem : laugh that would be perfect then .	Yes, this game is quite good that it really is 100% black murder action aka mini RAHOWA but I want to see the set to expand it............................ the next mission of Harlem: laugh, it will be perfect.	1
When I hear the term `` American '' , I think of yahoos who are every color of the rainbow and who start wars in the Middle East for Israel 's benefit .	When I hear the word “American,” I think of all the rainbow-coloured Yahoos and start a war in the Middle East for the interests of Israel.	1
These are the latest statistics , Ethnic groups : Irish 87.4 % , other white 7.5 % , Asian 1.3 % , black 1.1 % , mixed 1.1 % , unspecified 1.6 % ( 2006 census ) , so even if that seven percent was all poles , if you add up all the mud races , it would be equivalent .	These are the most recent statistics, ethnic groups: Irish 87.4%, other whites 7.5%, Asian 1.3%, black 1.1%, mixed 1.1%, unspecified 1.6%, so even if those seven percent were all the poles, if you add all the mud breeds, that	1
Oh, yes they will skin us alive if given the chance .	Oh, yes, if we have a chance, they will keep us alive.	1
And this is why SA went from First World under Botha 's rule ( deKlerk does n't count ) to a Third World begger horde .	And that’s why SA passed from the First World under Botha’s government (deKlerk doesn’t count) to a horde of Third World beggars.	1
Greece need a man like Adolf Hitler and now is the perfect time to start a national political movement to free Your country from the zionist bankers	Greece needs a man like Adolf Hitler, and now is the perfect time to launch a national political movement to liberate your country from Jewish bankers.	1
So long as http://ghettobraggingrights.wordpress.com/ exists I will not only think of blacks as sub-human savage beasts with no more self-control than a rabid dog , but refer to them as such .	As long as http://ghettobraggingrights.wordpress.com/ exists, I’ll not only think that black people are underhuman wild animals, they don’t have more self-control, but they’re a miserable dog, but I’m going to take them as	1
The filthy ape gave the horse an infection .	The dirty monkey gave the horse a infection.	1
This jew idiot is spewing nothing but propaganda .	This Jewish fool says nothing but propaganda.	1
She looks like she has some African blood in her , or maybe it 's just the makeup .	She seems to have a little African blood in her, or maybe it’s just makeup.	3
Mistenkt for krigsforbrytelser , søker asyl i Norge En tsjetsjener ( 32 ) - ettersøkt for terrorhandlinger - og en libaneser ( 41 ) - mistenkt for å ha begått krigsforbrytelser - bor på asylmottak i Norge med sine familier .	En tsjetsjener ( 32 ) - ettersøkt for terrorist act - og en libaneser ( 41 ) - suspect for having committed war crimes - bor på asylmottak i Norge med sine familier	2
One thing you seemingly cannot grasp--that JEWS themselves are messiah , and their kingdom is earthly .	One thing you seem to be unable to understand—that the Jews themselves are the Messiah, and their kingdom is earthly.	1
another coon giving out about Ireland and as if her opinion counts being second generation London jamican only means her mother was a filthy immigrant who waited till she got off the banana boat to give birth to her litter	The other child told about Ireland as if she thought it was a second-generation London Jamaican, which only meant that her mother was a dirty immigrant and she waited for her to come down from a banana boat to give birth to her garbage.	1
Three more posters ready - these are definitely anti-race-mixing !	Three more posters are ready – these are definitely anti-race mixing!	1
Don't stop trying because the negro will prove you to be right .	Do not stop trying, for the Negro will prove to you that you are right.	1
Drive and risk an accident being drunk , or walk and certainly get murdered by a kaffir ?	Driving drunk and risking an accident, or walking and probably killed by a copier?	1
I Can tell you right now if a black mob is threatening my life and burning my town I 'm going to start shooting .	I can tell you now, if a black crowd threatens my life and burns my city, I will start shooting.	1
You cant expect those poor underprivilidged blacks to have to put up with this cold weather .	You can expect poor low-priority black people who will have to endure this cold weather.	1
Those countries are much better under a government of terror made by themselves and for themselves .	These countries are much better subject to a terror government made by themselves and for them.	3
It is true that Ireland has the lowest WN population in the world , or at least in Europe ?	Is it true that Ireland has the lowest population in the world or at least in Europe?	3
It only took Labour ten years to bring more immigrants * cough * invaders , here than had ever migrated here in the last 5 thousand years .	It only took ten years for Labour to bring more immigrants here than it has ever done in the last 5,000 years.	1
So you would refuse even other Nordic whites fleeing the brown chaos in the south ?	So, would you refuse other northern white men to escape the brown chaos in the south?	1
So the Jews are Gods chosen people and we are the dumb cattle used to bring the Jews back to Gods fold .	Therefore, the Jews are the people chosen by God, and we are the foolish beasts used to bring the Jewish people back to the house of God.	1
The only thing that they care about is welfare and mooching of all the rest of us .	The only thing they care about is the well-being and suffering of all of us.	1
We all know that when their are too many ethnics , the neighbourhood soon turn 's into a slum .	We all know that if they have too many ethnic groups, the neighborhood will soon become a slum.	1
Well they have got to be more aware then the idiots we have over here absorbing all the bs with there little sponge brains .	Well, they have to be more conscious, then the fools we have here absorb all the bs, where there are very few sponge brains.	1
Swim back to Liberia--with a jew under each arm !	Return to Liberia - with the Jews under each arm!	1
unfortunately chicago doesnt prove this .. we need to send them all to the poles we could make better use of africa	Unfortunately, Chicago has not proved that.. we have to send them all to the field that we can better use from Africa	1
i feel sorry for her if one of her daughters did die but the harsh reality is she has no connection to ireland and she must go.as a mother it is her job to protect her children in Nigeria.every Nigerian who has a problem cant come running over here	I regret her if one of her daughters died, but the difficult reality is that she has nothing to do with Ireland and she has to leave.As a mother, her job is to protect her children in Nigeria.	1
I've heard that men with AIDS in Africa think having sex with a virgin will cure them .	I hear that men with AIDS in Africa think that having sex with virgins will heal them.	1
If a show does n't involve homosexuals and/or interracial coupling , then it has a bunch of jews masquerading as whites running around with guns killing other whites .	If the show does not include homosexual and/or interracial coupling, the show features a group of Jews running with white guns to kill other whites.	1
He got what he deserved .	He gets what he deserves.	1
Why on earth are the swedish parents letting their Kids grow up in an ethnic school !	Why on Earth, Swedish parents let their children grow up in racial schools!	1
Jews are the most demanding and worst patients of all .	The Jews are the worst and most demanding patients of all.	1
The attacks are coming from wankers who live in England maybe even born here and have little or no English ancestry and call themselves British .	The attacks came from fanatics living in Britain, who may even be born here with no or very few English ancestors, and call themselves British.	1
Charming is knowing that all these unuseful beings lives in Switzerland as refugees !!!!	It is fascinating to know that all these useless creatures live in Switzerland as refugees!!!	1
The natural royality of the planet was not the posing apes , but the Overman .	The natural royal house of the earth was not a position monkey, but a overman.	1
Eventually we wo n't be able to tell who is who. this is all sad .	In the end, we can’t say who it is, all of this is sad.	3
WTF Well done liberals you have ethnically cleansed a 20,000 + yr old race of beautiful and unique white people from their own country This is a sick and vile crime I 'm crying when i look at those pictures i do n't care if you laugh and say it 's gay to cry because my people will no longer exist in 100yrs 20.000 yrs destroyed in 100 My beautiful race dying ! i do n't know what to do	WTF well-doing liberals you have purified a nation of 20,000+ yrs of beautiful and unique white race in their country This is a sick and miserable crime I’m crying when I see those pictures I don’t care if you laugh and say it’s gay because my people won’t exist anymore 100yrs 20,000 yrs My beautiful race is dead!	1
Its a disgrace my sister has been on the waiting list for 6 years and their giving away houses to these scumbags	Shamefully, my sister was on the waiting list for six years, and they handed the house over to these scumbags.	1
Explain how liberals are liars and anti-White and tell her about crime statistics .	Explain how a liberal is a liar and anti-white and tell her about criminal statistics.	1
Homosexuals should stay in the closet .	Homosexuals need to stay in the closet.	1
WE CRIPPIN NIGGA .	The NIGGA.	1
Yeah, but I should mention that a few places there , like Beaver Falls and Aliquippa , are chock-full of filthy -- and I mean filthy -- n * * * * * s .	Yes, but I should mention that some places like the Beaver Falls and Aliquippa are full of dirty things – and I mean dirty ones.	1
Kokkepige Stuepige Barnepige Tjenestepige Tienestefolk Huus jomfure ( House-something ? )	I think it’s a good thing to do, but I’m going to do it.	2
I went back a cpl years ago and the black vermin were everywhere .	I went back to CPL a few years ago and black worms were everywhere.	1
They're cowards and simpletons who are utterly incapable of generating a reasoned argument free of sententiously repeated stock phrases and scare-words like `` racist . ''	They are cowards and simple people who are absolutely incapable of producing a rational argument instead of repeating frases and terrifying words like “racism.”	1
Well, maybe they 're slowly working their way to destroying Eastern Europe .	Well, maybe they are slowly trying to destroy Eastern Europe.	1
When the new hybrid mulattos reach a critical mass they will not want to be identified as negroes anymore and will seek special status as mulattos .	When new hybrid mulats reach critical mass, they no longer want to be identified as black and will seek a special status as mulats.	3
So it looks like the Blacks have lost even that one LOL Diablo	So it seems that the black man even lost that LOL Diablo.	1
The doctors of ju-ju and voodoo seem to have left their mud huts and moved into office buildings built by White people in cities built by White people .	The doctors of ju-ju and voodoo appear to have left the mud house and moved to a white-built office building in a city built by white people.	1
London nowadays is more dangerous for tourists than Zimbabwe Like the above poster says do n't go to London just go someplace else that is much better like Bath or Stratford Upon Avon ( Shakespeare Birthplace ) Londonistan is a craphole	As the poster above says, don’t go to London, just go somewhere else that’s much better like Bath or Stratford Upon Avon (Shakespeare’s Birthplace) Londonistan is a madness.	1
The jew media likes to prop this whites becoming the minority non sense up because they want to try and scare whitey , the media plays on the fears that the average retard thinks hispanic or latino is a race and they play word play with titles like white hispanic and white non hispanic it is all a magic show nothing more .. But Whites becoming a minority in Europe the homeland is a much more serious issue that concerns me greatly .	The Jewish media like to advocate that whites become minority insensitive and want to try to frighten whites, so the media play with the fear that the average delay is that Spanish or Latin is a race, and they play a word game with titles like white Spanish and white non-Spanish.	1
And for all those negroes out there , history starts with the written word .	And for all the black people there, history begins with written words.	3
Seems like you cant get away from these parasites anymore its happening and getting worse everywhere .	It seems like you are no longer getting rid of this parasite, which is happening and worsening everywhere.	1
A few weeks ago i started looking into doing that and have got a few pictures and LOADS of mobile numbers so far , reds are just SO naive !	A few weeks ago I started to do it and have been charged with a few photos and phone numbers so far, the red is so naive!	1
Glad some people still opened their homes and let kids trick or treat , even with the usual DieVersity infesting the area .	It is pleasant that some people still open their homes to let children cheat or treat, even if the usual DieVersity infects the area.	1
They are turning it into Africa !	They're turning it to Africa!	3
A puppet in the hands of the Jews were Zionist Jewish States of America and the Bolshevik Soviet Union .	The dolls in the hands of the Jews were the Zionist States of America and the Bolsheviks of the Soviet Union.	1
You know if you get past all of there violent animal acts of intimidation they have a soft jaw !	You know, if you go by all the violent acts of animal harassment, they have a gentle jaw!	1
As soon as i found out she was with child by a mulatto and she 's a wet back too , I suddenly found her to be repulsive and shall never watch anything she is in again .	Once I discovered that she was with a boy by a mulatto and that she is also a wet back, suddenly I found her repulsive and will never see what it is again.	1
What a load of crap.Water are ye people for real Ireland is been taken over by non Irish and this rubbish .	You are people for the real Ireland has been taken care of by non-Irish and this garbage.	1
Does it surprise you that jews promote faggotry ?	Are you surprised that the Jews are promoting faggotery?	1
WE GOT MONEY AROUND HERE TOO Compton Crips Pt.1 - YouTube These negroes are in the middle of the street , seems like something of a zoo , playing with their cheap lowriders .	We’ve made money here at Compton Crips Pt.1 – YouTube These blacks are in the middle of the street, it looks like something like a zoo, playing with their cheap lowriders.	1
I retract - always .... Always because an animal lacks the skills to properly raise a ( half ) human child .	I - always... always because the animal has no ability to correctly raise a child.	1
Why not just kick out all those Africans ?	Why not take all of these Africans out?	1
The Negro is generally terrified of Whites , the second you stand up to them they usally back away , thats unless they 're carrying a gun at which point the savages are rarely reluctant to use .	Black people are generally afraid of whites, and when you get up to them the second time they don’t usually retreat, they have weapons that barbarians rarely refuse to use at that point.	1
