Interesting .	Interessantly.	0
I have a subway nearby and eat there occasionally .	I have a subway close by and eat there occasionally.	0
or say sentences with a swear word in between each word except to music , or go to jail ur whole life	Or say sentences with a swear word between each word except for music, or go to prison ur life.	0
Danny p.s.please.excuse.my.keyboard , as , it 's.on.the.fritz 9 / LOL .	Danny p.s.please.excuse.my.keyboards, as, it's.on.the.fritz 9 / LOL	0
K	k is	0
Enough is enough .	Entirely enough is enough.	0
Rüütel talaði um hve erfiðir tímar hefðu verið þegar sjálfstæðisyfirlýsingin var gefin út .	I was rushing to the point when I was going to be a rush.	2
What is better ?	What Is Better?	0
And , nice picture too !	And nice picture too!	0
**** off bulgar turkic peice of * * * * and * * * * ustasha KOSOVO belongs to SERBİA get used to it however much you hate serbs , also by the way Makedonia belongs to Greece not bulgayria	**** off Bulgarian Turkic stove of * * * and * ** * ustasha KOSOVO belongs to SERBİA get used to it no matter how much you hate Serbs, also by the way Macedonia belong to Greece not Bulgarian	1
The Jews are responsible for massive non-White immigration to Europe and North America .	The Jews are responsible for massive nonwhite immigration to Europe and North America.	0
Let's hear the full version .	Let’s hear the full Version.	0
There are people I know of that actually are like that , I 'm sorry to say .	There are people I know of that actually is like that, I’m sorry to say.	0
Hey there I 'm just up the mountain from u .	Hey there I'm just up the mountain of you.	0
Many years ago maybe , there 's no ammo for them anyway , rather send a donation of a few thousand M4 's	Many years ago maybe, there’s no ammunition for them anyway, rather send a donation of a few thousand M4’s.	0
Більше читайте тут : ? ????? ?????????? ????????? ?????????? ??? ???? ?? ??? ????? ??????????? ????????? ??????? - ???? - ??? .ua ? ????? ?????????? ????????? ?????????? ??? ???? ?? ??? ????? ??????????? ????????? ??????? - ???? - ??? .ua Google translate works ( kinda )	Read more about:   (  ) ( )  [  ]	2
I was n't there too long but long enough to hate that place .	I wasn’t there too long but long enough to hated that place.	0
Let me know !	Let Me Know!	0
We will never forget their heroism .	We will never forgive their heroism.	0
ya my little sister doesnt like little black girls when they try to talk to her she pulls a disgusted face and says why are you black ?? and i laugh and say `` Maggie dont talk to her ''	ya my little sister doesnt like little black girls when they try to talk to her she pulls a disgraced face and says why are you black?? and I laugh and say "Maggie don't talk to hers"	1
Hi, just joined the forums and looking forward to joining in the discussions with fellow white nationalists and having some interesting debates , good to be here amongst friends Thewhitewolf88	Hi, just joined the forums and looking forward to joining in the discussions with fellow White nationalists and having some interesting debates, good to be here among friends Thewhitewolf88	0
Brutal: Expanding Reach Of Mexico 's Drug Cartels YouTube - Dispatch : Expanding Reach of Mexico 's Drug Cartels YouTube - Stratfor Insight - Mexican Drug Cartels	Brutal: Expanding Reach of Mexico's Drug Cartels YouTube - Dispatch : Expanding Reich of Mexico’s Drug cartels YouTube – Stratfor Insight - Mexican Drug Cartals	0
It really would n't surprise me if 3 years marked a big change in attitudes as well as demographics	It’t surprise me if 3 years marked a big change in attitude as well as demographics.	0
Like the Gods telling us that this does n't work !	Like the gods telling us that this doesn’t work!	0
I was actually scared a few times .	I was actually afraid a few times.	0
New Intro , music leads in and out .	New Intro, music leads in and outside.	0
Way to go !	Way of Going!	0
They also said the same thing about the white girls that was severely beaten on Halloween a few years ago and also about the pregnant woman that was beaten in front of her own house .	They also said the same thing about the white girls who were severely beaten on Halloween a few years ago and also about the pregnant woman who was beaten in front of her own house.	0
Quit eating at mexican food places .	Stop eating in Mexican food places.	3
I feel this is racist against whites !	I think this is racist against white people!	0
Have you ever heard about death mask of Franco ?	Have you ever heard of Franco’s death mask?	0
YouTube - & #x202a ; Kolovrat Kosovski front & #x202c ; & lrm ;	YouTube - & #x202a ; Kolovrat Kosovski front & # x202c ; & lrm ;	0
I prefer classical music and marching band works , particularly the kind of score that was written for marching band , not some pop song transcribed to be played by instruments .	I prefer classical music and marching band works, the kind of score that was written for marching group, not some pop song transcribed to be played by instruments.	0
As the pace of retailer collapse accelerates in 2009 , larger malls will begin to go dark .	As the pace of retail collapse accelerates in 2009, larger malls will begin to go dark.	0
For God 's sake nobody cares about this childish personal crap .	For God’s sake no one cares about this childish personal shit.	0
There was a thread here somewhere long ago about someone who went to a police station and saw they had it on the wall for public information ; probably the ADL has mailed these to many police stations .	There was a thread here somewhere long ago about someone who went to a police station and saw they have it on the wall for public information; probably the ADL has mailed these to many police stations.	0
There's more sex and sleaze condensed on the shelves of the check out line than you 'll get in 2 hours of TV - and 2 hours of TV is lethal to your spirit !	There is more sex and sleaze condensed on the shelves of the check-out line than you’ll get in 2 hours of TV – and 2 hours from TV is lethal to your spirit!	0
I hope it goes well .	I hope that goes well.	0
Then again , in this modern age of white youth emulating negroes and white adults groveling at the feet of the juden , perhaps it 's an appropriate word after all .	Then again, in this modern age of white youth emulating Negroes and white adults growing at the feet of the Jew, it's a suitable word after all.	1
Jesli sa , to sie chowaja , albo nie wiedza co to Stormfront .	If you know, you can either go to the stormfront or not.	2
This is my next read .	This is our next reading.	0
hope one day i will be able to see finland withouth those * * * * ing monkey ass soumalian ... im glad .. because finland has lowest immigrate in europe ..... kick those * * * * ing soumalians ass .....	I hope one day I will be able to see Finnish withouth those * * * ing monkey ass soumalian... im glad.. because Finland has the lowest immigrant in Europe..... kick those ** * * Ing soumalians ass.....	1
- Pioneer Little Europe ( PLE ) Didnt anybody teach you ?	Pioneer Little Europe Didn’t anyone teach you?	0
Worth .	It is worth.	0
Bobby van Jaarsveld - Kyk Waar Is Ons Nou [ Official Music Video ] - YouTube We can all have a dance and feel good for a while .	Bobby van Jaarsveld - Kyk Waar Is Ons Nou [ Official music video ] - YouTube We can all have a dance and feel good for a while.	0
I consider it one of the greatest honors that I got to see the ultrasound .	I consider it one of the greatest honours that I got to see the ultrasound.	0
Just saying .	just say... 🙂	0
Fine with me as long as they do n't parade the city and demand `` gay rights '' ... keep it in the closed god damnit , homosexuality is n't exatly something to be proud of	Okay with me as long as they don’t parade the city and demand “gay rights”... keep it in the closed god damn, homosexuality is not exactly something to be proud of.	1
New Supreme Court Justice Lord Dyson | The Jewish Chronicle 4 out of 12 .	New Supreme Court Judge Lord Dyson S. The Jewish Chronicle 4 out of 12	0
Well that has nothing to do with White Nationalism .	That has nothing to do with white nationalism.	0
22270	by 222	0
Pick a few , you 'll see what I mean .	Pick a few, you’ll see what I mean.	0
No amount of educational funds will drag the population out of it 's sludge .	No amount of educational funds will pull the population out of its mud.	0
My grandmother Has Red Hair .	My grandmothers have red hair.	0
I'm sad to find this out right now but I 'm also sorry to inform you that Kevin was killed several years ago .	I’m sad to find out this right now but I’d also be sorry to inform you that Kevin was killed several years ago.	0
A federal judge in New York closed a filthy jew kosher slaughterhouse Tuesday , saying the plant 's dirty birds posed a health risk to the community .	A federal judge in New York closed a dirty Jewish kosher slaughterhouse on Tuesday, saying the plant's dirty birds pose a health risk to the community.	1
Turns out Ms. Whigger has an arrest warrent out for not showing up for court for traffic violations according to the Kalispell Police Dept ....	It turns out Ms. Whigger has an arrest warrant out for not appearing for court for traffic violations according to the Kalispell Police Department.	0
It is stupid	It Is Stupid	0
This filth is a sectarian British song not an Irish folk song the sort of scum who wrote and admire this filth have no place on a WN forum yet alone an Irish forum	This dirt is a sectarian British song not an Irish folk song the kind of scum who wrote and admire this dirt have no place on a WN forum yet alone an Irish forum	1
And there 's lots of water ... with trout and other fish .	And there’s plenty of water... with trout and other fish.	0
Suomalainen totta kai !	Finnish is a totta kai!	2
Number Two : I disagree with your definition of white nationalism because it is confusing .	Number Two: I disagree with your definition of white nationalisme because it is confusing.	0
I am doing online school for my associates in computer information systems with a concentration in web design .	I am doing online school for my associates on computer information systems with a concentration in web design.	0
Basically , we are the fathers of millions of black little bastards .	Basically, we are the fathers of millions of little black bastards.	0
Got rid of a semi custom 1911 because every time it rained or work or i sweated i had to clean it or in a few days rust would show up .	Get rid of a semi custom in 1911 because every time it rained or worked or I sweated I had to clean it or in a few days rust would appear.	0
It's easy for them to multiply because their African genes are so incredibly pronounced .	It is easy for them to multiply because their African genes is so incredibly pronounced.	3
There are public schools and public libraries everywhere .	There are public schools and libraries everywhere.	0
It does n't really mean anything .	It does not really mean anything.	0
TF .	by Tf.	0
https : //www.youtube.com/watch ? v = DeiW _ bWZ2Is https : //www.youtube.com/watch ? v = jWFq-v7TKdQ https : //www.youtube.com/watch ? v = iAzn9V3ha3Y https : //www.youtube.com/watch ? v = wTNfdPxtfek	https : //www.youtube.com/watch? v = DeiW _ bWZ2Is https : / www.youtube-com/ watch? v= jWFq-v7TKdQ https : \www.facebook.com / watch? V = iAzn9V3ha3Y https :	0
All of these events would have made great TV .	All of these events had made great TV.	0
Now I just need to figure out what you are doing here .	Now I just need to find out what you are doing here.	0
* Unsubscribed * Off to the SA threads .	* Unsubscribed* Off to the SA threads.	0
And Oh My God .	Oh my God.	0
Honestly, coming out with an ill thought out rant like this would see you dismissed as a crank in any meaningful debate .	Honestly, coming out with a bad thought out rant like this would see you dismissed as a crank in any meaningful debate.	0
They aught be ashamed of themselves for covering up or downplaying the story about these predators .	They may be ashamed of themselves for covering up or downspelling the story about these predators.	1
What do i know ? ?!!!!! ...	What do I know?...!!	0
But if White people find a user for a plant native to Africa , the negroes want a royalty .	But if white people find a user for a plant native to Africa, the Negroes want a royalty.	1
- YouTube Heil Hitler !	YouTube to Heil Hitler!	0
Pray vnto Odin .	Pray to Odin.	0
Thanks It may not seem like much but just puting one of those leaflets up on a noticeboard gets a lot of people talking .	Thanks It may not seem like much but just putting one of those leaflets up on a noteboard gets a lot of people talking.	0
NEVER be the first one to offer information about yourself or job history to ANYONE on the net .	Never be the first to offer information about yourself or job history to anyone on the net.	0
Canada is on par or worse than Germany these days for being anti-Nationalist .	Canada is on par or worse than German these days for being anti-nationalist.	0
http://www.youtube.com/watch ? v = R8gYc5fvMQ0	http://www.youtube.com/watch? r = r8gYc5fvMQ0	0
(Warning: do not watch on a full stomach ) I 'm Jewish And You Know It - Official Parody to Sexy and I know it - YouTube	(Warning: don't watch on a full stomach) I'm Jewish And You Know It - Official Parody to Sexy and I Know It	0
And second of all whites are smarter than asians and if you ever look at bodybuilding contests you will see only whites maybe one or 2 blacks .	And second of all whites are smarter than Asians and if you ever look at bodybuilding contests you will see only whites one or two blacks.	1
Arseniy Yatsenyuk approved as Ukraine 's new prime minister Arseniy Yatsenyuk , Ukraine 's new prime minister Published February 27 , 2014 / FoxNews.com Source : Arseniy Yatsenyuk approved as Ukraine 's new prime minister | Fox News	Arseniy Yatsenyuk approved as Ukraine's new prime minister Arsenij Yatseniuk, Ukraine' s new prime Minister Published February 27, 2014 / FoxNews.com Source : Arseny Yatsanyuk approves as Ukraine’s new Prime Minister	0
hi guys i have just registered in order to say my opinion from my experience in real life or internet about your issues .	Hi guys I have just registered in order to say my opinion from my experiences in real life or internet about your issues.	0
Good going libtards , you ruined Rhodesia .	Good going libtards, you ruined Rhodesia.	1
I want to see Whites bused in there until the Latinos are a 30 % minority and not outnumbering the Asians , Blacks and Whites .	I want to see whites bused in there until the Latinos are a 30% minority and not outnumbering the Asians, Blacks and Whites.	0
But who knows ?	But Who knows?	0
Maybe it had something to do with the Soviets not even having the funds to keep an ample supply of food or toilet paper in their own country .	Maybe it had something to do with the Soviets not even having the funding to keep an abundant supply of food or toilet paper in their own country.	1
He said he is offended by the Jewwatch website . Jewish Google owners	He said he is offended by the website Jewwatch.	0
I would probably be French instead of American .	I would probably have been French instead of American.	0
Rhodine van der Walt was shot and killed in her home in Kempton Park on Saturday night , 1 Feb 2014 by blacks .	Rhodine van der Walt was shot and killed in her house in Kempton Park on Saturday night, 1 February 2014 by blacks.	0
This is the same white flight pattern all over the world , the problem being eventually we will run out of space to live .	This is the same white flight pattern all over the world, the problem being eventually we will run out of space to live.	0
It 's mind boggling to me , I mean they just cut it off and run off with it in their hands ?	It’s mind boggling to me, I mean they just cut it off and run off with it in the hands?	0
So do my kids , and they are 4 & 5	So do my kids, and they are 4 & 5.	0
This is part four of a five part series of videos on the German minority in Upper Silesia .	This is part four of a five-part series of videos on the German minority in Upper Slesea.	0
Or better yet find another job then quit .	Or better find another job and then quit.	0
( My mom has blue eyes and my dad has green eyes , so I got his eyes. )	(My mom has blue eyes and my dad has green eyes, so I got his eyes.)	0
Surely you 're not suggesting teaching that bunch to shoot !	Surely you’re not suggesting teaching that bunche to shoot!	0
1. type of students allowed Aryans only .	Type of students allowed only Arians.	0
We have to encourage people to boycott all black businesses , start rumours that blacks working in shops have AIDs which is probably true .	We have to encourage people to boycott all black, start rumors that blacks working in shops have AIDs which is probably true.	1
Anti-White C * * T.	Anti-Whites C * T	0
Yah , I guess there is !!!	I guess there are!!	0
Im sorry that many people in my country are stupid .	I’m sorry that many people in my home country are stupid.	0
I hope all goes well in Sweden ( I lived there ) and loved it .	I hope everything goes well in Sweden (I lived there) and loved it.	0
I wonder what it was like ?	I wonder how it was like?	0
Sergey Brin claims his family were victims of `` anti-semitism . ''	Sergey Brin claims his family were the victims of “anti-Semitism.”	0
Maybe hate crime will now apply to whites ( in an odd fashion )	Maybe hate crime will now apply for whites (in a strange way)	0
I'm often asked what my main squeeze looks like , here she is , Sweet Polly Purebred , in a scene where I save her from the evil jew scientist Simon Bar Sinister	I’m often asked what my main squeeze looks like, here she’s, Sweet Polly Purebred, in a scene where I save her from the evil Jewish scientist Simon Bar Sinister.	0
I've seen that game at the store before .	I’ve seen that game in the store before.	0
I do care about arab christians You are not the only one who is feeling lost i know it sucks to be a non muslim in the middle east. would you like to move to east asia with me ?	I care about Arab Christians You are not the only one who is feeling lost I know it sucks to be a non-Muslim in the Middle East.	0
Holocaust Handbooks - Educate Yourself - YouTube Holocaust Handbooks is the world 's premiere Revisionist book series .	Holocaust Handbooks - Educate Yourself - YouTube Holocaustu Handbooks is the world's premier Revisionist book series.	0
Maaaaany pinders and Asians here ......	Maaaaany pindars and Asians here...	3
This should be passed to the left too , who have been victims of ADL tactics including theft of police files , smearing , and illegal spying .	This should be passed on to the left too, who have been victims of ADL tactics including theft of police files, smearing, and illegal espionage.	0
I 've gone through corn mazes as well .	I have gone through corn labies as well.	0
I do n't think anyone here is saying that the Polish are on the same level as blacks .	I don’t think anyone here is saying that the Poles are on the same level as the blacks.	0
No wonder children at a younger and younger age are engaging in sexual acts .	No wonder children at a younger and more young age are engaged in sexual acts.	0
They 're a waste of space and they 're filthy , tax payer robbing , mentally challenged , primitive , unintelligent cultural trash .	They’re a waste of space and they’re filthy, taxpayer robbing, mentally challenged, primitive, unintelligent cultural trash.	1
Pathological killers , they are .	The pathological killers are.	1
not sure how we can be anti liberal when we have a prime minister who openly supports israel and sends them cards on their holiday 's laughing stock of the aryan race. not to mention they also openly support the sand people .	I’m not sure how we can be anti-liberal when we have a prime minister who openly supports Israel and sends them cards on their holiday’s laughing stock of the Aryan race.	1
Maybe God was punishing them for their interracial marriage .	Maybe God was punishing them because of their interracial marriage.	1
One reason we moved out of our ( at one time 99 % white ) neighborhood was because massive numbers of Chinese moved in and i swear to you a literal rotten smell came with them .	One reason we moved out of our (at one time 99% white) neighborhood was because massive numbers of Chinese moved in and I swear to you a literal rotten smell came with them.	1
Better yet , make her the poster child for Black Resettlement ! Spending her days digging for grub worm dinners would actually be good for her .	Better yet, make her the poster child for Black Resettlement! Spending her days digging for grub worm dinners would actually be good for hers.	1
Still , a little bit of truth slipping out of an Israeli 's mouth Surprised this thread was moved as it 's all over the news here .	Still, a little truth slipping out of an Israeli’s mouth Surprised this thread was moved as it’s all over the news here.	1
Myndighetene vurderer nå om de skal få permanent oppholdstillatelse .	Authority assesses if they are to obtain permanent residence permit.	2
Many Asians will see something once and memorize it the rest of their lives , but when asked ' how ' it works or use it creatively , they draw a blank .	Many Asians will see something once and memorize it for the rest of their lives, but when asked “how” it works or use it creatively, they draw a blank.	1
There are lots of brown and black kids in the system gays could adopt .	There are a lot of brown and black kids in the systems gay could adopt.	1
Dumb ass that was just more Jew propaganda that shows their ( and ) your idiocy now go away with your bulls@ $ t	Dumb ass that was just more Jewish propaganda that shows their (and) your idiocy now go away with your bulls@$t	1
Verl : Rechts-Rocker lebt bürgerlich in Verl | Neue Westfälische , Nachrichten aus Ostwestfalen-Lippe , Bielefeld , Gütersloh , Herford , Paderborn , Höxter , Warburg , News , Meldungen , Informationen - Neue Westfälische - Verl For days over Yule , the Zionist controlled press and Antifa scum have been laying siege to Marco from Sleipnir 's family home .	Verl: Rechts-Rocker lebt bürgerlich in Verl, Neue Westfälische, Nachrichten aus Ostwestfalen-Lippe, Bielefeld, Gütersloh, Herford, Paderborn, Höxter, Warburg, News, Meldungen, Informationen – Neue Vestfälische – Verl For days over Yule, the Zionist-controlled press and Antifa scum have been sieging Marco from Sleipnir’s family home.	1
Actually Monkeys and Apes are more noble creatures and rarely act violent it really is unfare to the Monkeys and Apes to be compared with subhuman Negroids who are by contrast very murderous .	Actually Monkeys and Apes are more noble creatures and rarely act violently it really is unfair for the Monkey and Ape to be compared with subhuman Negroids who are by contrast very murderous.	1
We do n't need such scum .	We don’t need such a scum.	1
Thank Odin they do n't try to come in the modern day .	Thanks Odin they don’t try to come in the modern day.	1
Just as soon as they repay for the generations of welfare their majestic peoples have consumed .	Just as soon as they repay for the generations’ welfare their majestic peoples have consumed.	1
As soon as I hear them uttering their monkey gibberish I feel like smashing my computer screen with my fist .	As soon as I hear them pronouncing their monkey gibberish I feel like smashing my computer screens with my fist.	1
That 's every groid 's wish anyways .	That’s every groid’s wish anyway.	1
I know a non white who got 5 A 's and 4 B 's but he robably cheated 2508	I know a non-white who got 5 A's and 4 B's but he robbery cheated	1
Americans and Irish understand each other better than Spaniards and the beaners .. the US and Ireland are the 1st world so they are educated unlike the beaners .	Americans and Irish understand each other better than the Spaniards and the beaners.. the US and Ireland are the 1st world so that they are educated unlike the beans.	1
Често сам виђао и : 828 - HBH - Heil Blood & Honour - iveo Krv i Čast .	Frequently sam vidђаo и : 828 - HBH - Heil Blood & Honour	2
If you had your way their would be no whites to pay taxes so the blacks could collect welfare and as they have proved in Africa they are incapable of feeding themselves	If you had your way, there would be no whites to pay taxes so the blacks could collect welfare and as it has been proven in Africa they are unable to feed themselves.	1
Most white girls are taught and brainwashed to love black guys , only way is to properly educate them and show them what savages they truly are .	Most white girls are taught and brainwashed to love black guys, the only way is to properly educate them and show them what savages they really are.	1
Him , his wife , and his kids have absolutely no place in a white nation and it 's disgusting how they put an end to thousands of years of evolution for being so selfish .	He, his wife, and his children have absolutely no place in a white nation and it's disgusting how they put an end to thousands of years of evolution for being so selfishly.	1
Probably comes out of Regina .	Probably coming from Regina.	3
They receive housing and welfare at the taxpayer 's expense while breeding like cockroaches .	They receive housing and welfare at the taxpayers’ expense while breeding like cockroaches.	1
The majority of the people in these photos are more of the threat to America than to the Ukraine in my opinion .	The majority of the people in these photos are more a threat to America than to Ukraine in my opinion.	1
Its about time we as a nation take matters into our own hands , over throw the government stop the white genocide deport all immigrants and establish a government to help indigenous white Britons rebuild this country .	It is about time that we as a nation take matters into our own hands, overthrow the government stop the white genocide deport all immigrants and establish a government to help indigenous white British rebuild this country.	1
Yeah, seems Negroes are too stupid or too arrogant to use an existing thread , so we see a new `` we be eguptshuns an sheet '' every week or so .	Yeah, it seems Negroes are too stupid or too arrogant to use an existing thread, so we see a new “we are eguptshuns a sheet” every week or so.	1
Thanks to the imported filth that , like our land under its current occupation .	Thanks to the imported dirt that, like our land under its current occupation.	1
We know they cant swim , but they might not remember that in their lust for ' dat money ' .	We know they don’t swim, but they might not remember that in their lust for ‘dat money’.	1
If lies were money he would be the richest negro in the world	If lies were money he’d be the richest negro in the World	1
As Hispanic and Negro populations increase test score averages will decrease .	As Hispanic and Negro population increase test score averages will decrease.	1
Fags are a big problem , they are recruiting our kids , in the schools that we pay for .	Fags are a big problem, they are recruiting our children, in the schools we pay for.	1
Well Marco is a German patriot and musician who , in the sick minds of ZOG , committed the heinious crime of producing music for a local school .	Well Marco is a German patriot and musician who, in the sick minds of ZOG, committed the heinous crime of producing music for a local school.	1
When she goes outside , the subhuman ape thing is usually out there .	When she goes outside, the subhuman monkey thing is usually out there.	1
YouTube - Broadcast Yourself .	YouTube – Broadcast Your.	2
Their lies are so thick and many that people do n't see the truth when it is in front of them !	Their lies are so thick and many that people don’t see the truth when it is in front of them!	1
Liberals change the facts to fit their deluded narrative , intelligent people change the narrative to fit the facts .	Liberal people change the facts to fit their deluded narrative, intelligent people change their narrative to fit the fact.	1
Black people are the biggest pawns ever everyone uses them for crime they are always the fall guy.Italian mob uses them to do the dirty work the mexicans use them the japanese use them and the chinese.Now who should know whos name ?	Black people are the biggest peons ever ever everyone uses them for crime they are always the fall guy.Italian mob uses them to do the dirty work the Mexicans use them the Japanese use them and the Chinese.Now who should know whose name?	1
There's a place for Poles , it 's called Poland .	There is a place for Poles, it’s called Poland.	1
Bbut they are creeping in slowly seeing more and more these days .	But they are creeping in slowly seeing increasingly these days.	1
See, South Africa is just a glimpe into OUR future , as the beasts of Memphis run it directly into the ground .	See, South Africa is just a glimpse into OUR future, as the beasts of Memphis run it directly into the ground.	1
This is ARKANSAS they have no right to smell up my place with their chinese restaurant BO ~ ▲ RESTORE ORDER ▲ ~	This is ARKANSAS they have no right to smell up My place with their Chinese restaurant BO ~ ▲ RESTORE ORDER ▲ ~	1
I am sure California is full of sick self hating whites , who think that for the good of all the black brown and yellow peoples of the world , whites need to commit racial suicide and disappear from their face of the earth for their sake and wo n't that be just dandy !	I’m sure California is full of sick self-hating whites, who think that for the good of all the black brown and yellow peoples of the world, whites need to commit racial suicide and disappear from their face of the earth for their sake and wo n’t that be just dandy!	1
They are beating each other to death everywhere , just look what they do to each other in Africa .	They are beating each other to death everywhen, just look what they do to each other in Africa.	1
There are London areas that could be described as nothing less than little islamic republics .	There are areas of London that could be described as nothing less than small Islamic republics.	1
There should not be problems between the different classes inside the race white since we are all whites they should be joined to fight against non-whites they are our enemies .	There should be no problems between the different classes within the white race since we are all white they should be joined to fight against non-whites they are our enemies.	1
I considered it being `` ethnically cleansed '' from my childhood home	I considered it being “ethnically cleaned” from my childhood home.	1
In reality they have no money and it is all a charade .	In reality they don’t have money and it’s all a charade.	1
You will know it is a nightmare on day you wake up and you have a black muslim running your country .	You will know it is a nightmare on the day you wake up and you have a black Muslim running your country.	1
Id recommend woman use their long nails to gauge out the eyes and throat , and stick their finger up their noses .	Id recommends women use their long nails to measure out the eyes and throat, and stick their finger up their noses.	1
Har taget en HH-eksamen på handelsskolen i Nyborg .	I have taken a HH-examen at the handelsskolen in Nyborg.	2
Well atleast the guy was 64 years old , hopefully he 's too old to bear any half caste children with that Filipina woman .	Well at least the guy was 64 years old, hopefully he’s too old to carry any half-caste children with that Filipino woman.	1
Went outside for recess , and noticed two niglet boys being hostile and ready to rumble , and I figured right that they jumped on each other after returning to class , grabbing Niglet Number One , hauling him outside and pressed that panic button again .	Going out for a rest, and noticed two niglet boys being hostile and ready to rumble, and I figured right that they jumped on each other after returning to class, grabbing Niglet Number One, dragging him out and pressed that panic button again.	1
It is 85 % Black and latin American .	It is 85% Black and Latin American.	3
I wish everyone would leave them to their own demise so we can be done with it .	I wish everyone would leave them to their destruction so we can be done with it.	1
`Interesting' to see someone of the same radio outfit to praise this figure , while there was an amazing show dedicated to uncovering the facts regarding this anti-German filth .	'Interesting' to see someone of the same radio outfit praise this figure, while there was an amazing show dedicated to uncovering the facts regarding this anti-German dirt.	1
Put the mudraces in their own countries , build a fence around them and wait a decade or two , and soon they 'll be back to the state we found them in , with their numbers decimated by their diseases and wars .	Put the mudraces in their own countries, build a fence around them and wait a decade or two, and soon they’ll be back to the state we found them in, with their numbers decimated by their diseases and wars.	1
Those nogs in France do n't belong there and then they show how unruly they can be .	Those nogs in France do not belong there and then they show how unruleous they can be.	1
Is that overweight fat useless bitch blind ?	Is that overweight useless bitch blind?	1
There should be no integration of immigrants with Irish culture .	There should be no integration with Irish culture.	1
Karina Sørensen er medlem af økontaktudvalget .	Karina Sørensen is a member of the Ökontaktudvalget.	2
They are scum , they are traitors .	They are scum, they are traitors.	1
because they deserve at least a taste of it for helping the white liberals and Jews push it on us I do n't think we should allow it to destroy them though .	Because they deserve at least a taste of it for helping the white liberals and Jews push them on us I don’t think we should allow it to destroy them though.	1
http://www.greatschools.org/cgi-bin/ ... r/855#students 99 % negro .	http://www.greatschools.org/cgi/... r/855#schools and universities 99 % black.	3
Can i suggest some of the locals get up of their behinds and lets these traitors know that this anti-white festival is not welcome in their town 828	Can I suggest some of the locals get up from their backs and let these traitors know that this anti-white festival is not welcome in their town?	1
So now Stormfront Ireland is solely responsible for all racist attacks in Ireland. lol Ted is right this is the work of the Kikes those * * * * ers are never happy .	So now Stormfront Ireland is solely responsible for all racist attacks in Ireland. lll Ted is right this is the work of the Kikes those * * * ers are never happy.	1
Yes that game is pretty good its truly 100 % negroid killing action aka mini RAHOWA But i would like to see a expansion set of it ........................ next mission in harlem : laugh that would be perfect then .	Yes that game is pretty good its really 100% negroid killing action aka mini RAHOWA But I would like to see an expansion set of it........................ next mission in harlem : laugh that would be perfect then.	1
When I hear the term `` American '' , I think of yahoos who are every color of the rainbow and who start wars in the Middle East for Israel 's benefit .	When I hear the term “American,” I think of yahoos who are every color of the rainbow and who start wars in Middle East for Israel’s benefit.	1
These are the latest statistics , Ethnic groups : Irish 87.4 % , other white 7.5 % , Asian 1.3 % , black 1.1 % , mixed 1.1 % , unspecified 1.6 % ( 2006 census ) , so even if that seven percent was all poles , if you add up all the mud races , it would be equivalent .	These are the latest statistics, Ethnic groups: Irish 87.4%, other white 7.5%, Asian 1.3%, black 1.1%, mixed 1.1%, unspecified 1.6%, so even if that seven percent were all poles, if you put together all the mud races, it would be equivalent.	1
Oh, yes they will skin us alive if given the chance .	Oh, yes they will skin me alive if given the chance.	1
And this is why SA went from First World under Botha 's rule ( deKlerk does n't count ) to a Third World begger horde .	And this is why SA went from First World under Botha’s rule (deKlerk does not count) to a Third World beggars horde.	1
Greece need a man like Adolf Hitler and now is the perfect time to start a national political movement to free Your country from the zionist bankers	Greece needs a man like Adolf Hitler and now is the perfect time to start a nationwide political movement to free Your country from the Zionist bankers	1
So long as http://ghettobraggingrights.wordpress.com/ exists I will not only think of blacks as sub-human savage beasts with no more self-control than a rabid dog , but refer to them as such .	As long as it exists I will not only think of blacks as sub-human wild beasts with no more self-control than a rabbit dog, but refer to them as such.	1
The filthy ape gave the horse an infection .	The dirty monkey gave the horse an infestation.	1
This jew idiot is spewing nothing but propaganda .	This Jewish idiot is spitting nothing but propaganda.	1
She looks like she has some African blood in her , or maybe it 's just the makeup .	She looks like she has some African blood in hers, or maybe it's just the makeup.	3
Mistenkt for krigsforbrytelser , søker asyl i Norge En tsjetsjener ( 32 ) - ettersøkt for terrorhandlinger - og en libaneser ( 41 ) - mistenkt for å ha begått krigsforbrytelser - bor på asylmottak i Norge med sine familier .	En tsjetsjener (32) - ettersøkt for terrorist act - og en libaneser (41) - suspect for having committed war crimes - bor på asylmottak i Norge med sine familier.	2
One thing you seemingly cannot grasp--that JEWS themselves are messiah , and their kingdom is earthly .	One thing you seemingly cannot grasp—that the Jews themselves are the Messiah, and their kingdom is earthly.	1
another coon giving out about Ireland and as if her opinion counts being second generation London jamican only means her mother was a filthy immigrant who waited till she got off the banana boat to give birth to her litter	Another coon giving out about Ireland and as if her opinion counts to be second generation London jamican only means her mother was a dirty immigrant who waited until she got off the banana boat to give birth to her junk.	1
Three more posters ready - these are definitely anti-race-mixing !	Three more posters ready – these are definitely anti-race-mixed!	1
Don't stop trying because the negro will prove you to be right .	Don’t stop trying because the Negro will prove you are right.	1
Drive and risk an accident being drunk , or walk and certainly get murdered by a kaffir ?	Driving and risking an accident being drunk, or walking and getting murdered by a kaffir?	1
I Can tell you right now if a black mob is threatening my life and burning my town I 'm going to start shooting .	I can tell you right now if a black mob is threatening my life and firing my town I'm going to start shooting.	1
You cant expect those poor underprivilidged blacks to have to put up with this cold weather .	You can’t expect those poor underprivileged blacks to have to put up with this cold weather.	1
Those countries are much better under a government of terror made by themselves and for themselves .	Those countries are much better under a terror government made by themselves and for themselves.	3
It is true that Ireland has the lowest WN population in the world , or at least in Europe ?	Is it true that Ireland has the lowest WN population in world, or at least in Europe?	3
It only took Labour ten years to bring more immigrants * cough * invaders , here than had ever migrated here in the last 5 thousand years .	It only took Labour ten years to bring more immigrants here, than had ever migrated here in the last 5 thousand years.	1
So you would refuse even other Nordic whites fleeing the brown chaos in the south ?	So would you refuse even other Nordic whites fleeing the Brown Chaos in the South?	1
So the Jews are Gods chosen people and we are the dumb cattle used to bring the Jews back to Gods fold .	So the Jews are God’s chosen people and we are the dumb cattle used to bring back the Jeux to God’S fold.	1
The only thing that they care about is welfare and mooching of all the rest of us .	The only thing they care about is the well-being and mooching of all the rest of us.	1
We all know that when their are too many ethnics , the neighbourhood soon turn 's into a slum .	We all know that when their are too many ethnics, the neighborhood soon turns into a slum.	1
Well they have got to be more aware then the idiots we have over here absorbing all the bs with there little sponge brains .	Well they have to be more aware then the idiots we have over here absorbing all of the bs with there little sponge brains.	1
Swim back to Liberia--with a jew under each arm !	Swim back to Liberia—with a Jew under each arm!	1
unfortunately chicago doesnt prove this .. we need to send them all to the poles we could make better use of africa	Unfortunately Chicago does not prove this... we need to send them all to the poles we could make better usage of Africa.	1
i feel sorry for her if one of her daughters did die but the harsh reality is she has no connection to ireland and she must go.as a mother it is her job to protect her children in Nigeria.every Nigerian who has a problem cant come running over here	I feel sorry for her if one of her daughters did die but the harsh reality is she has no connection to Ireland and she must go. as a mother it is her job to protect her children in Nigeria.every Nigerian who has a problem can not come running over here	1
I've heard that men with AIDS in Africa think having sex with a virgin will cure them .	I’ve heard that men with AIDS in Africa think having sex With a virgin will cure them.	1
If a show does n't involve homosexuals and/or interracial coupling , then it has a bunch of jews masquerading as whites running around with guns killing other whites .	If a show does not involve homosexuals and/or interracial coupling, then it has a bunch of Jews masquerading as whites running around with guns killing other whites.	1
He got what he deserved .	He got what He deserved.	1
Why on earth are the swedish parents letting their Kids grow up in an ethnic school !	Why on earth are the Swedish parents letting their Children grow up in an ethnic school!	1
Jews are the most demanding and worst patients of all .	Jews are the most demands and worst patients of all.	1
The attacks are coming from wankers who live in England maybe even born here and have little or no English ancestry and call themselves British .	The attacks are coming from wankers who live in England even born here and have little or no English ancestry and call themselves Brits.	1
Charming is knowing that all these unuseful beings lives in Switzerland as refugees !!!!	Charming is knowing that all these useless beings live in Switzerland as refugees!!!!	1
The natural royality of the planet was not the posing apes , but the Overman .	The natural royalty of the planet was not the posing monkeys, but the Overman.	1
Eventually we wo n't be able to tell who is who. this is all sad .	Eventually we wo can’t be able to tell who is who. this all is sad.	3
WTF Well done liberals you have ethnically cleansed a 20,000 + yr old race of beautiful and unique white people from their own country This is a sick and vile crime I 'm crying when i look at those pictures i do n't care if you laugh and say it 's gay to cry because my people will no longer exist in 100yrs 20.000 yrs destroyed in 100 My beautiful race dying ! i do n't know what to do	WTF Well done liberals you have ethnically cleansed a 20,000+ yr old race of beautiful and unique white people from their own country This is a sick and vile crime I'm crying when I look at those pictures I don't care if you laugh and say it's gay to cry because my people will no longer exist in 100yrs 20,000 yrs destroyed in 100 My beautiful race dying! i don'ts what to do	1
Its a disgrace my sister has been on the waiting list for 6 years and their giving away houses to these scumbags	It’s a shame my sister has been on the waiting list for 6 years and their give away houses to these scumbags.	1
Explain how liberals are liars and anti-White and tell her about crime statistics .	Explain how liberals are liars and Anti-White and tell her about crime statistics.	1
Homosexuals should stay in the closet .	Homosexuals must stay in the closet.	1
WE CRIPPIN NIGGA .	We are cricketing nigga.	1
Yeah, but I should mention that a few places there , like Beaver Falls and Aliquippa , are chock-full of filthy -- and I mean filthy -- n * * * * * s .	Yeah, but I should mention that a few places there, like Beaver Falls and Aliquippa, are shock-filled with dirty – and I mean dirty - n * * * s.	1
Kokkepige Stuepige Barnepige Tjenestepige Tienestefolk Huus jomfure ( House-something ? )	Home  Home   Home »  Home >  Home (Home)  Home	2
I went back a cpl years ago and the black vermin were everywhere .	I went back a cpl years ago, and the black worms were everywhere.	1
They're cowards and simpletons who are utterly incapable of generating a reasoned argument free of sententiously repeated stock phrases and scare-words like `` racist . ''	They are cowards and simpletons who are utterly incapable of generating a reasoned argument free of sentencedly repeated stock phrases and scare-words like “racist.”	1
Well, maybe they 're slowly working their way to destroying Eastern Europe .	Well, maybe they’re slowly working their way to destroys Eastern Europe.	1
When the new hybrid mulattos reach a critical mass they will not want to be identified as negroes anymore and will seek special status as mulattos .	When the new hybrid mulattos reach a critical mass they will not want be identified as negers anymore and will seek special status as mulattus.	3
So it looks like the Blacks have lost even that one LOL Diablo	So it looks like the Blacks lost even that one LOL Diablo.	1
The doctors of ju-ju and voodoo seem to have left their mud huts and moved into office buildings built by White people in cities built by White people .	The doctors of ju-ju and voodoo seem to have left their mud houses and moved into office buildings built by white people in cities built by White people.	1
London nowadays is more dangerous for tourists than Zimbabwe Like the above poster says do n't go to London just go someplace else that is much better like Bath or Stratford Upon Avon ( Shakespeare Birthplace ) Londonistan is a craphole	London today is more dangerous for tourists than Zimbabwe Like the above poster says do not go to London just go somewhere else that is much better like Bath or Stratford Upon Avon ( Shakespeare Birthplace ) Londonistan is a crazy	1
The jew media likes to prop this whites becoming the minority non sense up because they want to try and scare whitey , the media plays on the fears that the average retard thinks hispanic or latino is a race and they play word play with titles like white hispanic and white non hispanic it is all a magic show nothing more .. But Whites becoming a minority in Europe the homeland is a much more serious issue that concerns me greatly .	The Jewish media likes to prop this whites becoming the minority non-sense up because they want to try and scare whitey, the media plays on the fears that the average retard thinks Hispanic or Latino is a race and they play word play with titles like white Hispanics and white non-Hispanics it’s all a magic show nothing more... But Whites becomes a minority in Europe the homeland is a much more serious issue that concerns me greatly.	1
And for all those negroes out there , history starts with the written word .	And for all those Negroes out there, history begins with the written word.	3
Seems like you cant get away from these parasites anymore its happening and getting worse everywhere .	It seems like you can’t get away from these parasites anymore its happening and becoming worse everywhere.	1
A few weeks ago i started looking into doing that and have got a few pictures and LOADS of mobile numbers so far , reds are just SO naive !	A few weeks ago I started looking into doing that and have got a few pictures and LADS of mobile numbers so far, reds are just SO naive!	1
Glad some people still opened their homes and let kids trick or treat , even with the usual DieVersity infesting the area .	Glad some people still opened their homes and let kids trick or treat, even with the usual DieVersity infesting the area.	1
They are turning it into Africa !	They are turns it into Africa!	3
A puppet in the hands of the Jews were Zionist Jewish States of America and the Bolshevik Soviet Union .	A puppet in the hands of the Jews were the Zionist Jewish States of America and the Bolshevik USSR.	1
You know if you get past all of there violent animal acts of intimidation they have a soft jaw !	You know if you get past all of there violent animals acts of intimidation they have a soft jaw!	1
As soon as i found out she was with child by a mulatto and she 's a wet back too , I suddenly found her to be repulsive and shall never watch anything she is in again .	As soon as I found out she was with child by a mulatto and she's a wet back too, I suddenly found her to be repulsive and will never watch anything she'll be in again.	1
What a load of crap.Water are ye people for real Ireland is been taken over by non Irish and this rubbish .	What a load of crap.Water are you people for real Ireland is taken over by non-Irish and this rubbish.	1
Does it surprise you that jews promote faggotry ?	Is it surprising that Jews promote faggotry?	1
WE GOT MONEY AROUND HERE TOO Compton Crips Pt.1 - YouTube These negroes are in the middle of the street , seems like something of a zoo , playing with their cheap lowriders .	We GOT MONEY Around HERE TOO Compton Crips Pt.1 - YouTube These Negroes are in the middle of the street, seems like something of a zoo, playing with their cheap lowriders.	1
I retract - always .... Always because an animal lacks the skills to properly raise a ( half ) human child .	I retract – always.... always because an animal lacks the skills to properly raise a half human child.	1
Why not just kick out all those Africans ?	Why not just kick off all those Africans?	1
The Negro is generally terrified of Whites , the second you stand up to them they usally back away , thats unless they 're carrying a gun at which point the savages are rarely reluctant to use .	The Negro is generally terrified of the Whites, the second you stand up to them they usually back away, that’s unless they’re carrying a gun at which point the savages are rarely reluctant to use.	1
