Do you ever ask yourself why you have a screen name that 's reminiscent of the sound a butthole makes after too many beans ? .	Have you ever wondered why you have a screen name that’s reminiscent of the sound a butthole makes after too many grains?	0
In under 15 minutes the shooter is hitting the paper plate .	In less than 15 minutes the shooter is hittingen the paper plate.	0
There is a survivor support page on facebook .	There is a survival support page on Facebook.	0
War of Art is sitting on my shelf , presently unread .	War of Art is sitting on the shelf, currently unread.	0
Break them up .	Break it up.	1
He has two previous felony convictions for violent crimes .	He has two previous criminal convictions for violent crims.	0
14/88	4 of 88	0
This film makes my soul ache seeing man 's inhumanity to man in live color .	This film makes my soul hurt seeing man's inhumanity to man in live color.	0
haha well they require a certain physical ed. requirement at my school to be given a bachelor 's degree .	haha well they require a certain physical ed. requirement in my school to be given a bachelor's degree.	0
You should have heard of him becouse he is the greatest chess player of all times .	You should have heard of him because he is the greatest chess player of all time.	0
I found it strange the way the police handled this case , they told her father and his friends to search the house for her , all those people wandering around the house contaminating all the evidence , that 's hardly good police procedure .	I found it strange the way the police handled this case, they told her father and his friends to search the house for her, all those people wandering around the house contaminating all the evidence, that's hardly good police procedure.	0
I 'd like to see Iran wipe Israel off the map .	I would like to see Iran wipe Israel out of the map.	1
I want to meet some single women in the Wichita area for friendship maybe more .	I want to meet some single women in New York for friendship maybe more.	0
I plan on celebrating being White that entire 24 hours .	I plan on celebrated being white that whole 24 hours.	0
He survived it , only to watch his country once again get torn into bits , and fall under communism which he fought against .	He survived it, only to watch his country once again get torn into pieces, and fall under communism which he fought against.	0
One troll is on duty for several hours and then his partner in crime takes over for the next shift .	One troll is on duty for several hours and after that his partner in crime takes over for the next shift.	0
See the pattern .	See also the patterns.	0
I just cant stand to listen to negros sing and 30 sec. is all I could handle .	I just can’t stand to listen to Negros sing and 30 sec. is all I could deal with.	1
There's enough oil for a few hundred more years actually .	There is enough oil for a few hundred years more actually.	0
Check this video out SF ' we must welcome Africans with open arms they have every right to be in Ireland ' .	Check out this video out SF 'we must welcome Africans with open arms they have every right of being in Ireland'.	0
Last Friday an associate here handed out 100 NV leaflets at a rodeo depicting a graphic summation of non-white ( mestizo ) immigration .	Last Friday an associate here handed out 100 NV leaflets at a rodeo portraying a graphic summary of non-white (mestizo) immigration.	1
Instead of challenging young white minds , we put them to sleep in a sea of apathy towards standards .	Instead of challenging young white minds, we put them to sleep in a sea of apathy toward standards.	0
Congrats .	The Congratulations.	0
Great idea will see how that goes for crime stats	Great idea will see what that goes for crime statistics	0
YouTube - Grandson attacks and rapes 87-Year-Old bed-ridden amputee Grandmother YouTube - Police are looking for Flash Mob of black Teens who Robbed Dupont Circle Store .	YouTube - Grandson attacks and rapes 87-year-old bed-ridden ampute Grandmother YouTube - Police are looking for Flash Mob of black Teens who Robbed Dupont Circle Store.	0
Well I talk to her because no one else writes here except her and me , you only write here when she says something stupid , if I did n't write to her this place would just die off .	Well I talk to her because no one else writes here except her and me, you only write here when she says something stupid, if I didn’t write to her this place would just die off.	0
That's completely true , I have a 3-y-o son and he does n't like at all to play with brown-skinned boys or girls , I especially remember once a pair of twin girls came up to kiss him and he just ran away , it was the enchantment of the white man !	That’s absolutely true, I have a 3-y-o son and he doesn’t like at all to play with brown-skinned boys or girls, I especially remember once a pair of twin girls came up to kiss him and he just ran away, it was the enchantment of the white man!	0
Germans hit by phosphor jumped into water to stop the burning , depriving it of oxygen .	Germans hit by phosphorus jumped into the water to stop the burning, depriving it of oxygen.	0
It will be the same here when the goodies run out .	It will be the same when the goodies run out.	0
I live in AR .	I lived in air.	0
Steve Reed Reporter Three of the suspects charged with the murder of a 12-year old Moore County girl were given suspended sentences for other crimes and were free on probation at the time of her slaying .	Three of the suspects accused of the murder of a 12-year-old Moore County girl were given suspended sentences for other crimes and were free on probation at the time of her killing.	0
I seriously hope she dies in a fire one day .	I really hope she dies in a fire someday.	1
I am in edmonton .	I am at Edmonton.	0
I'm planning on being in ireland within the next year .	I am planning to be in Ireland in the coming year.	0
Its also worth noting that the days of the week in English are very strongly influenced by Viking occupation of the British Isles .	It is also worth noting that the days of the week in English are very strongely influenced by Viking occupation of the British Isles.	0
Brass Super Blackhawk Dragoon grip frame .	Brass Super Blackhawks Dragoon grip frame.	0
my first kiss was a girl that lived down the street from me when i was 10.I went to school with her younger sister.Her name was kelsey.She had blonde hair and blue eyes.She was 13.We were at the movies and then I figured I 'd take a chance and try to kiss her and it worked .	My first kiss was a girl who lived down the street from me when I was 10.I went to school with her younger sister.Her name was kelsey.She had blonde hair and blue eyes.She was 13.We were at movies and then I thought I'd take a chance and try to kiss her and it worked.	0
I am a fan of the German rock band Rammstein .	I am a fan of German rock band Rammstein.	0
This video on british becoming a minority is so awful ill never watch it again .	This video on British becoming a minority is so terribly ill never watch it again.	0
Vancouver?	And Vancouver?	0
Didn't Sextus solve this problem over a thousand years ago ? `` but amongst the Romans it is forbidden by law to do so ''	Didn’t Sextus solve this problem over a thousand years ago?” but among the Romans it is forbidden by law to do so.”	0
Was at Walmart the other day and for 100 rounds it 's about $ 25 for 9mm , and about $ 40 for .40 and .45 .	Was at Walmart the other day and for 100 rounds it's about $25 for 9mm, and about $40 for.40 and.45.	0
By the way he did n't film the scene for entertainment but because the negro would have lied and the white would have gotten in trouble so it was to protect himself from any future false accusation .	By the way he did not film the scene for entertainment but because the negro would have lied and the white would have gotten in trouble, so it was to protect himself from any future false accusation.	0
Educating the Lemmings in reguard to the Isreali agenda , which is fighting a war for the Jew 's benifit not America 's .	Educating the Lemmings in regard to the Israelis agenda, which is fighting a war for the Jew’s benefit not America’s.	0
seven billion `` Humans '' on the planet and with Open borders , H1-b visas , fake social security numbers , colleges hiring foreign nationals over White Legal Americans , and Obama 's Amnesty on line with an apathetic public , , , well , dye your skin black and unlearn your english and you might get a good job .	Seven billion “Humans” on the planet and with Open Borders, H1-B visas, fake social security numbers, colleges hiring foreign nationals over White Legal Americans, and Obama’s Amnesty on line with an apathetic public, well, color your skin black and unlearn your English and you might get a good job.	1
The beast we oppose knows it has backed itself into a corner , and at such times , such creatures are at their most aggressive .	The beast we oppose knows it has backed itself into a cornet, and at such times, such creatures are at their most aggressive.	0
Zionists want to maintain the racial diversity in the West .	Zionists want to maintain racial diversity in the West.	0
It looks like our friend Krekar will be winning lots of votes for anti-immigrant parties in Norway 's upcoming election .	It looks like our friend Krekar will be winning lots of voices for anti-immigrant parties in Norway’s upcoming election.	0
He never mentioned anything about the lack of white women on Stormfront .... He is looking for Proud , White Women in Florida	He never mentioned anything about the lack of white women on Stormsfront... He is looking for Pride, White Women in Florida	0
The big black females pushed their way into the Houston city counsel meeting and said all of the white teachers they used to have all quit ( do you wonder why ? ) and all you sent us to replace all them teachers was a bunch of dumb blacks .	The big black women pushed their way into the Houston city council meeting and said all of the white teachers they used to have all quit (do you wonder why?) and all you sent us to replace all of them teachers was a bunch of dumb blacks.	1
It is in the nature of Jews to desecrate traditions of all sorts and push our women to make fools of themselves .	It is in the nature of Jews to desecrate tradition of all kinds and push our women to make fools of themselves.	1
As you have just informed me via a PM that you have added me to your ignore list it really is a valueless post is n't it ?	As you have just informed me via a PM that you have added me to the ignore list it really is a worthless post isn’t it?	0
2 .	by 2.	0
So as long as immigrants behave and respect British culture they can stay .	So as long as immigrants act and respect British culture they can stay.	0
Get the dogs out and track him down , I say !!!	Get the dogs out, and track him down, I say!!!	0
Truth is welcome who ever speaks it .	Truth is welcome, whoever ever speaks it.	0
This is just so wrong .	This is so wrong.	3
Especially with these orientals looking white .	Especially with those Easterns looking white.	3
PM me if you want to chat .	PM me if I want to chat.	0
Those are the ones that I respect .	These are the ones I respect.	0
I see pro and cons of both .	I see the pro and cons of the two.	0
Melinda Allen 's mother discovered the bodies of her daughter and grandson at the family 's home at 2103 Maple Ave Police : Mother , Son Stabbed , Cut To Death - News Story - WTOV Steubenville video UPDATE : W. V. murder suspect dead in Susq .	Melinda Allen's mother discovered the bodies of her daughter and grandson at the family's home at 2103 Maple Ave Police: Mother, Son Stabbed, Cut to Death - News Story - WTOV Steubenville video UPDATE : W. V. murder suspect dead in Susq.	0
The fact that she s casually announced this to the country functions as a make-shift IQ test right there . That s because of your reputation ; not your looks , love .	The fact that she’s casually announced this to the country functions as a make-shift IQ test right there.	0
YouTube - Fight At Chuck E. Cheese In California !	Fight at Chuck E. Cheese in California!	0
Awesome.	It is awesome.	0
All i see are 1911 smiths , revolver smiths , then machinists who cut crown thread barrels .	All I see are 1911 smiths, revolver smith, then machinists who cut crown thread barrels.	0
As i always said before , there is just too much animosity over the last 200 years for that to occur .	As I always said before, there is just too much animosity over the last 200 year for that to happen.	0
Which proves that they are a different people , and by any chance not Slavic .	That proves that they are a different people, and by any chance not Slavic.	0
But may You always love each other the way You have loved each other today .	May you always love each other as you have loved each other today.	0
After a few months to a year you wo n't be losing many fights .	After a few months to a year you won’t be losing many fights.	0
im a 21 year old white woman , mother of one 2 year old boy. i have been looking for others like me in oregon for quite some time now and have ony found a few .	I am a 21 year old white woman, mother of a 2 year old boy. i have been looking for others like me in oregon for quite some while now and have ony found a few.	0
CAMPO SAN DIEGO EAST COUNTY CALIFORNIA On Now thru August 7 , 2005 760 644-0857 Come One Come All !	CAMPO SAN DIEGO EAST COUNTY CALIFORNIA On now thru August 7, 2005 760 644-0857 Come One Come All!	0
Social Security .	of social security.	0
I bought a Glock too , and shot about 2,000 rounds out of it last year .	I bought a Glock too, and shot about 2,000 rounds out of it the last year.	0
Double Standard ?	The double standard?	0
If you will stop eating it then it will not cost me so much .	If you stop eating it then it won’t cost me so much.	0
What happened was that Vanemuine ( God of songs and games ) did n't like Estonians singing in English and sent Taara ( God of thunder and lighting ) to do something about it Sorry about the off-topic but I just had to post it somewhere and did n't want to make new topic for that .	What happened was that Vanemuine (God of songs and games) did not like Estonians singing in English and sent Taara (GOD of thunder and lighting) to do something about it Sorry about the off-topic but I just had to post it somewhere and did not want to make a new topic for that.	0
You AREN' T White :	You are white:	1
My family and I are wanting to come out and look around a little more .	My family and I want to come out and look around a little bit more.	0
Andre Gide French critic , essayist , & novelist ( 1869 - 1951 )	Andre Gide French critic, essayist, and novelist (1869 - 1951)	0
Only if they get their collective heads out of the punch bowl and wake up to what 's going on in the world .	Only if they get their collective heads out of the punche bowl and wake up to what’s going on in the world.	0
That 's winning activism .	That is winning activism.	0
Israeli Minister `` We always use the anti-Semitism trick or bring up the Holocaust '' - YouTube	Israeli Minister: “We always use the antisemitism trick or bring up the Holocaust”	0
It 's sadder when whites try to go black .	It’s sadder when white people try to go black.	0
USA is represented by a negro family and Australia a I have no clue what family .	The USA is represented by a Negro family and Australia a I have no clue which family.	0
I 'm more into wolves than lions .	I’m more in wolves than lions.	0
Two e-mails sent , and will phone as soon as I shut down here .	Two emails sent, and will call as soon as I shut down here.	0
Free North Carolina : Peterson 's particulars VikingInMe	Free North Carolina: Peterson's details VikingInMe	0
Instead we are left to shed a tear for the black kids killed in a church bombing 40 years ago .	Instead we are left to shed a tear for black children killed in a church bombing 40 years ago.	0
Looking at things it was shown up till about a three thousand years ago no mongoloids existed in the Tairm basen area .	Looking at things it was shown up until about three thousand years ago no mongoloids existed in the Tairm pool area.	0
Mountain view is a nice little town but remember the area is somewhat impoverished .	Mountain view is a nice little town but keep in mind the area is somewhat impoverished.	0
I thought it was like a tranny that slept with 200 men !	I thought it was like a trance who slept with 200 men!	0
If there is dirty dancing or sexual contact report it to the principle likely there will be some and maybe they wo n't ever schedule a dance like that again .	If there is dirty dancing or sexual contact report it to the principle likely that there will be some and maybe they won’t ever schedule a dance like that again.	0
But like I have said many times ... the haplogroup type ALONE will not tell or describe ones whole genetic map or how one looks like .	But as I have said many times... the haplogroup type ALONE will not tell or describe ones entire genetic map or how one looks like.	0
Blacks do n't need other blacks to pass on their genes .	Black people don’t need other blacks to pass on to their genes.	3
That letter would fall on deaf ears .	That letter would fall to deaf ears.	0
This is one of those that I have on the wall .	This is one of those I have on the wall.	0
hey whats up i 'm new on here and i would like to have someone to talk to so hit me back for whatever	I'm new on here and I'd like to have someone to talk to so hit me back for anything	0
Also it 's NOT genocide. stop calling it that .	It is not genocide, stop calling it that.	0
Neither an attack on his nose ( which I ca n't distinguish from my own BTW ) .	Neither a attack on his nose (which I can’t distinguish from my own BTW).	0
no you do n't have to be silent read the rest of my post , christ your really thick are n't you .	No you do not have to be silent read the rest of my post, christ your really thick aren't you.	0
Every beautiful place on Earth has to be ruined .	Every beautiful place on earth must be ruined.	0
Well someone needs to set one up ASAP .	Well someone needs to put one up ASAP.	0
Newsnet14.com thugreport.com It 's a shame most of the people that came here are just rambling about killing people though lol ....	Newsnet14.com Thugreport.com It's a shame most of the people who came here are just rambling about killing people though lol....	0
But UFC and TUF is rigged and staged .	But UFC and Tuf are rigged and staged.	0
Economic empowerment is the way to political success .	Economic empowerment, is the way to political success.	0
Short Barrel 45 feet : Taurus Judge With Winchester PDX1 Loads - YouTube Short Barrel 30 feet : Taurus Judge 000 buckshot/.45LC tests at a life size target .	Short Barrel 45 feet : Taurus Judge With Winchester PDX1 Loads - YouTube Short barrel 30 feet : The Taurus judge 000 buckshot/.45LC tests at a life size target.	0
-- Police said the suspect , Abraham Allen , hanged himself after the murders in a Pennsylvania home where the couple used to live .	Police said the suspect, Abraham Allen, hanged himself after the murders in a Pennsylvania home where the couple previously lived.	0
Where have you seen the initials 88/77 ?	Where did you see the 88/77 initials?	0
Check out the RebelSong downloads , you can hear the newest up and coming White power bands , CradleSong and Patriots Call .	Check out the RebelSong downloads, you can hear the latest up and coming White power bands, CradleSong and Patriots Call.	0
Graduate from College ( 2 years left woo hoo ! ) 3 .	Graduate from College ( 3 years left woo hoo! )	0
Now learn your ballet ! : P - Zoë	Now learn your ballets! : P - Zoë.	0
Angela Spain was murdered in her home by a drifter negro .	Angela Spain was murdered at her home by a drifter negro.	1
I guess I got lucky , I we n't to a public high school and we never had to learn about the holohoax .	I guess I got lucky, I didn’t go to a public high school and we never had to learn about the holohaax.	1
They 're all `` Brown Lines '' .	They are all “Brown Lines.”	3
immigrants are desperate to stay here. who can blame them ? our government treats them as lords and we as muck. welcome to SFI Pluirin !	The immigrants are desperate to stay here. who can blame them? our government treats them as lords and we as muck. welcome to SFI Pruirin!	1
Only they do and all their brainwash followers .	Only they do and all of their brainwashing followers.	1
Nothing has ever been as harmful to society as jews , their savage beasts , and their thoughtless gimmiegrunts .	Nothing has ever been so harmful to society as Jews, their wild beasts, and their thoughtless gimmiegrunts.	1
Anybody with half a brain knows that 's it 's BS and how Negroes have n't done anything for the development of any society , let alone Europe .	Anyone with half a brain knows that’s it’s BS and how Negroes haven’t done anything for the development of any society, let alone Europe.	1
I 'm beginning to wonder with all your posts defending the greatest race-traitor and puppet-of-Jewry that Great Britain has ever produced .	I’m beginning to wonder with all your posts defending the greatest race-traitor and doll-of-Jewry that Great Britain has ever produced.	1
It 's uncalled for , UnWhite , and uncivilized .	It’s uncalled for, unwhite, and uncivilized.	3
If we do n't act soon they will bread us out .	If we don’t act soon they will bread out us.	1
DuetschGirlTX, No I live in a tiny ass town where i am only one of 100 white folks ( maybe less ) . near San Antonio. there are so many dirts around and they all stick together. so when it comes to a White Girl in this town i gotta have my own back ALWAYS Is that where you are ?	I live in a tiny ass town where I am only one of 100 white people (maybe less) near San Antonio. there are so many dirty around and they all stick together. so when it comes to a White Girl in this town I gotta have my own back ALWAYS Is that where you are?	1
I ca n't fathom seeing all those brainless whites along with their negro counterparts worshipping Obama .	I can’t see all those brainless whites along with their Negro counterparts worshiping Obama.	1
Not good news at all but this happens in all European nations and is no doubt pushed by the likes of Jews like Summer Redstone and MTV !!	Not good news at all but this happens in all European nations and is undoubtedly pushed by such Jews as Summer Redstone and MTV!!	1
Blacks in South Africa wondering why their country is going to hell when they put Blacks in charge .	Black people in South Africa wonder why their country is going to hell when they put blacks in charge.	1
I disagree you can never justify race mixing Some of them girls may have been brainwashed by media , also you are condemning their kids and furture generations of kids to a non white future .	I disagree you can never justify racial mixing Some of them girls may have been brainwashed by the media, also you are condemning their children and furture generations of children to a non-white future.	1
The problem is there 's so many white liberal self hating traitors on the same side as the Jews and nonwhites .	The problem is there are so many white liberal self-hating traitors on the same side as the Jews and non-whites.	1
You are telling me that 78 % of kids under 6 in Frankfurt are all foreigners ?	You are telling me that 78% of children under 6 in Frankfurt are all foreigners?	3
Stop showing off South Asian functional illiteracy .	Stop showing out South Asian functional illiteration.	1
They are too dung stupid to be able to tap into the market .	They are too dumb to be able to tap into the Market.	1
This is the false front which jews present to the world , but jews are quite varied in their opinions and beliefs .	This is the false front that Jews present to the world, but Jews are quite varied in their opinions and beliefs.	1
The way Jews work together with such cunning would be admirable if their works where not to such disgusting evil ends .	The way Jews work together with such cunning would be admirative if their works ended where not to such disgusting evil.	1
Put that fat Black idiot to work and she would n't be smirking at Whitey and playing stupid for the camera at her welfare review hearing !	Put that fat black idiot to work and she’t be smirkling at Whitey and playing stupidly for the camera at her welfare review hearing!	1
I have both excellent credit and money , but would never live in the Southwest .	I have both excellent credit and money, but would never live in the Southwest.	3
Maybe they 're confusing the fact that we 're tired of LIBTARDS on TV for our being tired of White people .	Maybe they’re confusing the fact that we’re tired of LIBTARDS on TV for our being tired from White people.	1
They are supporting the destruction of their future generations .	They are supporting the destroying of their future generations.	1
There's no way to stop them from coming to Canada all that is needed is proof of ownership of a house in India , africa etc and they can enter in on a tourist visa .	There is no way to stop them from coming to Canada all that is needed is proof of ownership of a home in India, Africa etc. and they can enter on a tourist visa.	1
That negro 's place is in Africa , and the teacher did n't send him there .	That Negro’s place is in Africa, and the teacher did not send him there.	1
Fogalmam sincs hogy mennyi lehet itt .	I don’t know how many can be here.	2
While they are in prison the kikes should get the same food the regular prison population gets ...	While they are in prison the kikes must get the same food the regular prison population gets.	1
I relate to a coon runiing a football is like a coon with a tv running from a police siren .	I relate to a coon running a football is like a coons with a TV running from a police siren.	2
Jews have been poisoning wells since Biblical times .	Jews have been poisoned wells since biblical times.	1
When asked how I knew the holocaust was a lie my answer was if it was the truth there would be no laws against saying it was a lie .	When asked how I knew the Holocaust was a lie my answer was if it was the truth there would be any laws against saying it was a liar.	1
Negros are so dumb .	Black people are so stupid.	1
Her tainted feet have no place in Sweden .	Her dirty feet have no place in Switzerland.	1
I have to help I WILL NOT see these animals go free !!	I have to help I WELL NOT see these animals go free!!	1
Pakis are all about forcing their culture on us .	Pakis are all about imposing their culture on us.	1
Marxist Subversion happened .	Marxist subversion has occurred.	1
The most absurd thing I have ever heard a nig say is , and I quote ...	The most absurd thing I’ve ever heard a nig say is, and I quote...	3
Holocaust has no business in there .	The Holocaust has nothing to do with it.	1
Allow me to apologize for my last post , as I was drinking heavily last night but you callin me a genetic lottery winner ? come on now I 've had my fair share of hard times just last week a yellow person came into my place of work and started making trouble .	Let me apologize for my last post, as I was drinking heavily last night but you call me a genetic lottery winner? come on now I've had my fair share of hard times just last week a yellow person came into my place of work and started making trouble.	1
Soon in their minds it is ok to date them and have children with them thus polluting our great race and pushing us further toward extinction .	Soon in their minds it is okay to date them and have children with them thus polluting our great race and pushes us further towards extinction.	1
An ape without a penis will never be able to pass it on to others .	A monkey without a penis will never be able to transmit it to others.	1
Many of them are doing just as their masters desire .	Many of them do just as their masters wish.	1
I hope that black creep does not get off easy .	I hope that black crepe doesn’t get off easy.	1
The work place pensions advert is pretty bad , anyone seen it ?	The job place pensions advert is pretty poor, has anyone seen it?	3
The point is not the throne itself but the reason for it and what it represents to the apes fighting and tramping for it .	The point is not the throne itself but the reason for it and how it represents the monkeys fighting and trampping for it.	1
Most if not all of the whites at my school are complete race traitors	Most if not all of the whiteners at my school are complete racial traitors.	1
Around here they are the tool to get them in the community .	Around here they are the tools to get them in the community.	3
I feel like I should pull out my passport when I want into walmart with all the * * * * ing pakis and * * * * in there	I feel like I should pull out my passport when I want to into walmart with all the * * * ing pakis and * * in there	1
The worst thing happened to internet freedoms when albanians used their spare time from selling drugs to learn to use computers .	The worst thing happened to internet freedoms when Albanians used their free time from selling drugs to learn to use computers.	1
I think there is more threat from Russians than from Jews .	I think there is more threat of the Russians than of the Jews.	1
Like it or not , and I certainly do n't , but Ireland , especially NI is littered with memorials to , and even statues of , red terrorists .	Like it or not, and I do not, but Ireland, especially NI is filled with memorials to, and even statues of, red terrorists.	1
He's a retarded feral negro ( yes , feral humans who cannot talk occasionally pop up , having been abandoned as children. ) .	He is a retarded wild negro (yes, wild humans who can’t talk occasionally pop up, having been abandoned as children).	1
The negro is for White genocide , and I have nothing for the negro , not even sympathy in any way .	The Negro is for White genocide, and I have nothing for the Negro, not even sympathy in any way.	1
Always nice to see a negro on the receiving end of a beat down from a white for a change .	Always nice to see a negro on receiving end of a beat down from a white for an change.	1
Niggas do n't wait in no lines .	Niggas do not wait in no lines.	1
The penguins have n't been indoctrinated ... yet .	The penguins have not been indoctrinated... yet.	3
If you search around you can probably find `` hoax of the 20th century '' for free on the net .	If you search around you can probably find "fraud of the 20th century" for free on the net.	1
It 's not a coincidence that they attack in packs and side with the herd on every ethical question ; they 're inferior and they know it , ill-suited to standing up alone or thinking through a complex scenario to settle upon an internally consistent position .	It is not a coincidence that they attack in packs and side with the flock on every ethical question; they are inferior and they know it, unsuited to stand up alone or think through a complex scenario to settle on an internally consistent position.	1
The white population must have a place it calls its own , segregated .	The white population must have a place that it calls its own, segregated.	1
Hispanics , Blacks and Asians are all doing it .	Hispanics, blacks and Asians are all doing this.	1
I can picture him as that baby monkey on the ' save the rainforest comercial or whatever	I can imagine him as that baby monkey on the'save the rainforest commercial or whatever	1
Who the hell cares if its not kosher ...	Who the hell cared if it wasn’t kosher...	1
So even if it was shown n a bad light I would hope it would bring lots more new members as the time has come to show the non white races that we can only take so much before we raise up	So even if it was shown in a bad light I would hope it would bring a lot more new members as the time has come to show the non-white races that we can only take so much before we rise up.	1
But Wayne I want a brown baby like all the other girls on the estate !	But Wayne I want a brown child like all the other girls on the estate!	3
Seems like a cowardly way to fight .	It seems like a cowardly method of fighting.	3
No need to allow FACTS to get in the way of a good White guilt message ! ... and the jew laughs loudly !	No need to allow facts to get in the way of a good White guilt message!... and the Jew laughs loudly!	1
As the saying goes , you can take the ape out of the jungle , but you ca n't take the jungle out of the ape .	As the saying goes, you can take the ape out of the jungle, but you can’t take the jungles out of a monkey.	1
zpridez NO big deal , I got your drift.IMO If these bellyaching Black peoples et al continue to negate/or ignore the present ' Products of Progress ' within society we 're all doomed .	If these bellyaching Black peoples et al continue to deny/or ignore the present ‘Products of Progress’ within society we’re all doomed.	1
I have been trying to find a job but the mexicans take everything we had .	I have been trying to find a work but the Mexicans take everything we had.	1
Hi everyone .... I 'm from Slovenia and I utterly hate every living muslim in this world ....... and I despise even the dead ones	Hi everyone... I’m from Slovenia and I absolutely hate every living Muslim in this world... and I despise even the dead.	1
I watch fights on gay parade in budapest together with my friends from hungary , we were together on vacation in one croatian island , it was great to watch how hungarian nationalists were smashing gay parade btw I have some hungarian blood , my grandmother was hungarian Kitartas !	I watch fighting on gay parade in Budapest together with my friends from Hungary, we were together on holiday on one Croatian island, it was great to watch how Hungarian nationalists were smashing gay parades btw I have some Hungarian blood, my grandmother was Hungarian Kitartas!	1
Sadly, I think the government would step in if we tried to stop the lesser races from moving into our land .	Sadly, I think the government would intervene if we tried to stop the smaller races from moving into our land.	1
Most of these videos belong on the Animal Planet tv channel .	Most of these videos belong to the Animal Planet TV channel.	1
`` I wanna look just like that skinny white lady , just black and beautiful . '' * shakes his head *	“I want to look just like that thin white lady, just black and beautiful.” *shakes his head *	3
They should be forced to wear the hijab to show that they are different from us .	They should be forced to wear the hidjab to show that they are different from us.	1
Not many .	not many	3
We've had a couple of similar cases in Finland , when a nig purposefully tried to give dozens of Finnish women hiv/aids .	We have had a couple of similar cases in Finland, when a nig intentionally tried to give dozens of Finnish women HIV/AIDS.	1
One the Chinese get there teeth into a country that s it they take over .	One Chinese get there teeth into a country they take over.	1
One time she came in crying telling me that pavement ape `` hit me in the tummy '' .	Once she came in crying telling me that pavement monkey “hit me in the belly”.	1
When the non-whites come we should stand together and send em packing , like they do to us .	When the non-whites come we should stand up together and send em packing, as they do to us.	1
And here 's what David Irving 's site offers on Hitler 's Table Talks .	And here’s what David Irving’s site offers on Hitler’s Table Talks.	1
the white race will soon be on the brink of being a minority in a few years if nothing is done to stop these vile hordes invading our lands , I for one do not want to live in a city like Bradford or Birmingham where we are outnumbered 2 to 1 or worse	The white race will soon be on the verge of being a minority in a few years if nothing is done to stop these vile hordes invading our lands, I for one do not want to live in a city like Bradford or Birmingham where we are outnumbered 2 to 1 or worse.	1
If you want to see what having a black , kenyan White-hating muslime in the Whitehouse has created , go look at Tarantino 's latest flick Django Unchained .	If you want to see what having a black, Kenyan White-hating Muslim in the White House has created, go look at Tarantino’s latest flick Django Unchained.	1
Liberals have this illusion that genes pick and select which genes that get passed down and they think it only passes down the good ones .	Liberals have this illusion that genes pick and select which genes are passed down and they think it only passes down the good ones.	3
The BLMtards are here , they crashed the LBBQWTF parade last month ( lol ) .	The BLMtards are here, they crashed the LBBQWTF parade the last month ( lol ).	1
Yeah I think they 'd be much better off back home .	Yes I think they’d be much better off home.	1
I think people should not marry out of your own race .	I think people shouldn’t marry out of your own breed.	3
They are doing the same to all the white nations .	They are doing the same for all the white nations.	3
WTF are you laughing ' Groid The Jews are just using you Monkeys Get lost go eat some watermelon and shoot some dice or something .	WTF are you laughing'Groid The Jews are just using You Monkeys Get lost go eat some watermelon and shoot some dice or something.	1
I guess the Yonge St retail district will be smashed and looted .	I guess the Yonge St retail districts will be crushed and looted.	1
Indeed, I have n't seen or heard machines raping or robbing people in the streets of Stockholm yet , non-european immigrants however ...	Indeed, I have not seen or heard machines raping or robbing people in the streets of Stockholm yet, non-European immigrants however...	1
Jewish Supremicism is at the end of its noose. : madex	Jewish Supremism is at the end of its noose: madex	1
It really pisses of the liberal leftist	It really pits the liberal leftist.	1
So you use the jew run media brainwashing service to give credit to soo few black people ?	So you use the Jew run media brainwashing service to give credit to so few black people?	1
All we here an Stormfront Britain are saying is that MASS white immigration is detrimental to OUR nation for the reasons we have given time after time .	All we here a Stormfront Britain are saying is that MASS white immigration is detrimentary to OUR nation for the reasons we have given time after time.	1
So they can get reparations for their great grand parents ' `` suffering '' plus more .	So they can get reparations for their great great grandparents’ “suffering” plus more.	1
The final solution to the goyim problem .	The final solution for the goyim problem.	3
This land was founded by whites for whites and I prefer to punish the symptom of urban decay rather than just its zowg figurehead .	This land was founded by whites for whites and I prefer to punished the symptom of urban decay rather than just its zowg figurehead.	1
Liberal is just the PC word for Rapist .	Liberal is just PC’s word for rapist.	1
To be honest .. i dont think this Muslim killed him because he thought the swedish boy looked like a racist ... it was probably just an excuse .	To be honest... I don’t think this Muslim killed him because he thought the Swedish boy looked like a racist... it was probably just an excuse.	1
I would not be surprised if this woman was specifically targeted by local Jews from her town for this abominable treatment .	I’t be surprised if this woman was specifically targeted by local Jeves from her town for this abominable treatment.	1
Blacks hate whites .	Black people hate white people.	1
Oh I do n't know ..... Look at the possibility 's for the sentence if we use their values ...	Oh I don’t know..... Look at the possibility’s for the sentence if we use their values...	3
Wasn't it the Government in the Congo that was at war with the gorillas a while back because the gorillas were `` threatening their superiority '' ?	Was it not the Government in the Congo that was at war with the gorillas a while ago because the gorilles were “threatening their superiority”?	1
At least shop where a white is at the counter is my rule .	At least shop where a white man is at the counter is my ruler.	1
They instead decide by convenience , low risk , and unenlightened self-interest .	Instead, they decide by convenience, low risk, and unenlightened self-interest.	1
They want to control the masses , and are doing it in every major institution , including schools .	They want to control the masses, and are doing it in every major institution, including schools.	3
