After how many hour from drinking an antibiotic can I drink alcohol?	I have a party tonight and I took my last dose of Azithromycin this morning. Can I have a few drinks?
Am I over weight (192.9) for my age (39)?	I am a 39 y/o male currently weighing about 193 lbs. Do you think I am overweight?
Aspirin allergy - is it worth getting a bracelet?	My friend told me about this bracelet for Aspirin allergy. Does it work the way they say it does?
At a doctor's visit, I hit my head against a box on the wall containing hazardous materials (used syringes, used needles...). Will I get infected?	Today morning, I had an appointment with the doctor. After that, I saw the nurse for a shot. As I got up, her box of tools fell all over me. She sent me home saying all is okay. But I am worried about an infection. Should I schedule another appointment for any blood tests?
Been on antibiotics 4 5wks top high tooth dentist cld not get needle 2 freeze 2 extract in gum really hurt she said its the tissues hve 2 go bk? Plz	I am unable to get tooth extraction, my dentist is unable to give me anesthesia. Wouldn't antibiotics help with this since it has been going on for about 4-5 weeks? Should I go to ER?
Can Adderall (dextroamphetamine and racemic amphetamine) cause ear pressure and slight headaches at the end of the day?	What are the side effects of Adderall? Can it cause ear problems or headache?
Can coarctation of the aorta cause poor growth in height?	I am 4' 8". My mom said that I have a birth defect (coarctation of aorta). Are the two related?
Can doxycycline treat an ear infection?	Which antibiotic is best for an ear infection? I have an old course of Doxycycline. Would it work?
Can vinegar help drain the sinus? I've been eating balsamic vinegar dressing with my salads and I feel them draining is that normal??	I have had sinus issues for a while now. My mom says vinegar would help with them. Is it true? I sort of tried it today...
Could chiari malformation cause pituitary problems or diabetes insipidus?	What are the effects of Chiari Malformation? My cousin has diabetes and his recent reports show pitutary issues. Is that related?
Could homeopathy for acne help?	My sister sent me Dr. Reckeweg R53 Acne Vulgaris And Pimples Drop for my zits. Are you aware if this works?
Could this med cause anxiety in a 12 year old?	What are the side effects of this? Can it cause anxiety in children?
Could you tell me why my husband has been sweating and vomiting after injecting 30 units of lantis insulin? What should I do?	My husband is a Type 2 Diabetic on Lantus Insulin and Actrapid (to be taken as per his blood sugar readings. About an hour back, he took his usual 30 units of Lantus and vomited. He was sweating as well. Should we be worried?
Does age increase the severity of eds symptoms/problems?	I think I have ED. Would this worsen as I grow old?
Does dermonu work for acne scars?	Hey! I have been using Dermonu for about a week now. How soon should I see the results?
Extension from my last question. There's vaginal discharge too so ce I'm ovulating. Could that cause the itching?	Hey quick question. Is it normal to have itching during ovulation? Esp if there is a vaginal discharge?
Feeling frequent deja vu. I've had maybe 3 panic attack with in the past couple months that has left me a bit anxious and was wondering if it's that?	Recurrent panic attacks, feeling of deja vu, anxiety. Lasting fora few months now. Is this something to worry about?
Have neck/back issues for months & had muscle cramps in calves. Stressed. Have (anxiety) BP is somewhat healthy. Yesterday felt tingly in both hands & shaky. In 20s .. Now it's off & on . Any ideas?	Previous medical issues: anxiety, stress, backache, neck pain, muscle cramps for months. Normal blood pressure. Is it normal to have some tingling in the hands?
Hello, I have had an ultra sound of the testicles and the inguinal area. No trace of hernia or adenopthy. The results came back completely normal. My doctor looked at it and felt it twice. He said it is definitely not a hernia and it is just slightly bigg	I had my routine appointment yesterday and my doctor said the swelling near the crotch is not hernia. Ultrasound did not show anything. Is it possible to still have hernia or lymph node swelling if the ultrasound is negative for it?
How can someone's happiness level affect someone's health?	Can staying happy improve my health? What specific steps should I take?
How common is it to have physical anxiety symptoms without feeling anxious?	I have tremors and chest pain. But I am not feeling anxious. Do you think that is normal?
How do add and ADHD differ?	Are ADD and ADHD the same? My sister is diagnosed with ADD. So looking out for some stuff to read through.
How do I know if I have depression and anxiety?	What are the symptoms of depression and anxiety?
How long does it take for herpes to break out?	I had unprotected sex on the 7th of this month. Is there a specific time that the first outbreak occurs?
How many tylenol (acetaminophen) 3's are equal to  a percocet?	I am out of Percocet, how many Tylenol pills should I take to give a similar amount of pain relief?
How much time off work do I take after an ACL reconstruction?	I need ACL reconstructive surgery. What is the recovery process like? How much time should I take off?
How should the drug methotrexate affect the cells of the body regarding treatment of arthritis?	I have arthritis and have been prescribed with Methotrexate. How does it work? How long will it take to show its effects?
How to deal with someone acting childish?	My girlfriend is giving me a hard time. She throws tantrums literally every time we go out. It is embarassing. What do I do to make her see this?
How to tell what I am having an allergic reaction to?	I have no idea what's causing these bumps on my body. Is there a specific test that can detect this?
I am currently on minocin (minocycline) to treat my acne but I think I am getting itchy hives?	Is hives a common side effect of Minocin? Not sure if this redness is something I should be concerned about?
If I had hepatitis a, does that mean I can't drink alcohol for a certain number of weeks afterwards?	How soon can I drink alcohol after being tested positive for Hep A?
I get one or two acne errupting each month.How do I prevent them?Also the acne leaves scars on my skin. Is there any off the shelf product i could try	What are some home remedies I can use for scars on my face. I have been struggling with acne for quite some time now. :(
I got my period twice within 3 weeks, for the second time within 4 months. Why? I haven't been stressed or changed my exercise plan or diet recently..	I am a 19 y/o woman who regularly exercises and has a balanced diet. I take multivitamins too. Not sexually active, not on any medications. Lately, my period has been more frequent. This is the 4th month since when it started. I'm a little worried.
I had arthroscopic surgery on my left knee almost a month ago but it seems to be filling up with synovial fluid, shoulde i go back to work or wait until i see the dr.?	How soon can I go to work after an arthroscopic knee surgery? Also, how long does the swelling last? Mine seems to be swelling more and more everyday. :(
I have tinea versicolor in the testicles and tip of penis. It gets itchy and dry. The doctor sent me a salycilic acid wash. Makes sense?	I have itchy and dry discolored patches on the penis and testicles. Doctor thinks it is fungal infection (tinea) and prescribed with CeraVe’s Salicylic Acid Cleanser. Will it work?
I'm 16 and my left testicle started having somewhat severe pain in it, it hurts more than extremely when I walk and it hits my pants I can't drive help?	My left ball hurts and does more when I am walking or if it rubs against my shorts. I am only 16. What's going on?
I'm taking anxiety and depression medicine to avoid panic attacks mainly & avoid er. Can i take more than 0.5 if i feel panic and 0.5 mg doesn't work?	I have been on medications for anxiety and depression for about 2 months now. I still have panic attacks. Does this mean I can take a higher dose than my usual 0.5 mg?
Is 4 mg intuniv & 2mgrisperdal too much for a 5 1/2 yr old, im worried..His neurologist prescibed for pddnos & adhd?	What is the maximum dose of Guanfacine and Risperidal in kids?
Is aloe vera juice good for hypertension?	Hey! Visited the doctor today, he said my blood pressure is 150/90 mmHg. Did not prescribe anything, just told to exercise and diet. Wondering if aloe vera juice would help?
Is fecal bacteria really unhealthy compared to other bacteria when you are pregnant?	I am 12 weeks pregnant and went to a beach yesterday. I have read that fecal bacteria in the beaches can be harmful in pregnancy. Is it so?
Is hypno-therapy dangeorus?	Are effects of hypno-therapy permanent? I heard they can be dangerous. Is it true?
Is it normal to have nausea and loss of appetite when on your period?	Hey doctor! Started my period yesterday. I feel like puking all the time and don't have any appetite. How can I treat this?
My child has low alkaline phosphatase level on his lab results. Why?	Hey! Jason's reports are back. It shows alkaline phosphatase level: 40 IU/L. Is it low for a child? Should we see the doctor sooner?
My husband has chronic itching w/ no rashes/hives.He has seen an allergist, dermatologist, acupuncturist, and therapist. Bloodwrk negative any ideas?	Not sure what this sounds like: Itching for 5+ years, no rashes, no hives. Blood tests normal. Seen all specialists including skin doctor, acupuncturist, allergy doctor AND a therapist.
My six year old daughter has been on antibiotics over 48hours and started running a fever over 101 and she says her head hurts. Should I take her back in? Given antibiotics for sinus infection but has been getting stuff up when coughing. She has a hist	If there is persistent fever even after taking 4 doses of antibiotics (over 48 hours), does it mean it is not working? Cough is the same as it was earlier. Should we go back to the ER? She's 6, I can't see her like this. :(
Q. Hi, I am almost 12 weeks pregnant and my food had tiny particles of plastic (by mistake) so I am worried; in case I accidentally swallowed some : (?	I just realized I ingested some shreds of plastic film with my food. Would it harm my baby? I am due for my 3 month appointment tomorrow. Should I ask the doctor?
Screaky voice. How can I get a more masculine voice?	My voice seems very high pitched as compared to the rest in my class. Is there a problem with me? What can I do to make it better? Are there any supplements to help?
Since I was a child my joints have always clicked but over the years it has got very painful special when it rains or I am cold? How do I fix?	I am currently 17 y/o. I have no past history of joint issues. I have started experiencing pain in my joints during rainy or cold season. Is it related to my childhood habit of clicking my joints?
Was treated for PID caused by BV only with one dose of azythromyacin and injection of antibiotics. PID never went away. What should i do?	Is a single dose of Azithromycin helpful in treating PID? I already took it along with antibiotic injection. But I still have the symptoms. :(
What are the causes of perianal abscess?	Hey! Wondering if unprotected sex can cause abscess in the anal hole? What else could cause it?
What does a doctor do in externsl cronic anal fissure and pls tell me the process of sugery of cronic anal fissure outside my anal there is one small?	I think I have anal fissures. I have been having them for quite some time now. I have an appointment tomorrow. What treatment should I discuss with the doctor? Surgery or medical?
What do you recommend to treat a severed posterior longitudinal ligament?	My MRI report is out and it shows Post Longitudnal lig tear. Is there a treatment for this?
What is mecoblamin? What is this medicine usus for?  My mother is diabetic patient, does this medicine useful? Thank you in advance	My mom is diabetic. She was recently advised to take Mecobalamin. I am not sure how it will help her. Any ideas?
What is the cleanest/safest SSRI for general stress-induced anxiety?	Are SSRIs the best treatment for stress/anxiety? Which one is the best?
What is the definition or description of: activity modification?	What are some exercises and changes to lifestyle that I can do? I'm not sure but the doctor has advised me "activity modification". What does it mean?
Whats a type 1 shellfish allergy?	Are there different types of shellfish allergies? I have been diagnosed with type 1. What does it mean?
What should I do if I have an allergy of sneezing when i wake upplease tell me what type of disease or allergy it is?	Lately, I have been sneezing a lot. Not sure if it is just allergy or something major. What do you think?
What specific exercises would help bursitis of the suprapatellar?	Hey doc! My doctor diagnosed me with suprapatellar bursitis. Are there any exercises that I can do at home?
What to do if I have hypertension, depression of lost love, completely broke. what to do?	I recently lost my job and the love of my life. The RN who saw me yesterday said I have high blood pressure. Will I be diagnosed with depression?
Which hormones are responsible for giving you a male features on your face?	Can I take some hormones to make my face more masculine? I just want to impress my girlfriend. :D
Which treatment works the best and fastest for aortic regurgitation?	My ECHO report shows Aortic Regurgitation. How is this treated? I already have an appointment on Friday.
Why does my arm always fall asleep? Like to the point where i can't move it at all	Is it normal for my arm to feel numb all the time? I cannot even move it. :(
Why do I have white pigmentation skin colour around my anus and extreme itching and blisters around the anus and anal cleft?	Hey! I observed recently that the skin near the butthole is white and extremely itchy. Is it normal? If not, what could be the cause?
Will taking birth control pills for treatment of dysmenorrhea affect my fertility later once married?	I have irregular periods and get severe pain when on my period. My doctor has prescribed me with Sprintec. My boyfriend is a little concerned of the long term effects. Will we be able to conceive once I stop it?
35 years old female no heart problems, sharp pain in chest/heart. Only last a min. Hits anytime driving sitting takes my breath away, happening more?	Very short lasting but acute chest pains for a few weeks now, with no past history of chest/cardiac disease could indicate something serious?
A doctor prescribed voren supp 12.5mg for my 3-year-old boy for fever. Isnt voren used for post-op inflammatn?	Can voren that is used for post op inflammation be also prescribed for a fever in a kid?
After I had intercourse with hubby I noticed slight fresh blood and burning sensation and urge to urinate. What might be the cause?	Okay, so 1st, this has never happened before. But after doing it with my husband today, I've had some bleeding, ithcing and an urgency to pee! Is it a UTI?
After two weeks of oral surgery, my cheek is still swollen and I feel hard lumps on the lower part. It also itches outside. Help?	Is cheek swelling and slight itching normal after 2 weeks of oral surgery?
Always use birth control, always use condoms with spermicide, always pull out with condom, but my period is late. Stress from college or pregnancy?	I always have protected sex but my period is still late, could I be pregnant?
Any reliable blood test for ovarian cancer?	Can one detect ovarian cancer with a blood test?
Been having chest pains a lot lately especially when i sit in certain positions ?	What could cause chest pain, especially on sitting in a certain position?
Been having this tenderness and pain in my breast for almost weeks....Not pregnant too. What coukd it be?	Hi! I am a 24 year old woman and I have been experiencing some pain in my breasts, both sides for a couple of months now. I am not sexually active curently. Why the pain then?
Borderline changes to Brain MRI in 1 yr being referred to a neuroradiologist does this mean something sinister?	I am a 50 year old male and my PCP just informed me that my latest MRI has picked up some brain changes which weren't there a year back and has referred me to a neuroradiologist. Am I dying?
Both arms numb no chest pain just a lil dizzy. And a little heart burn I have gastritis and back arthritis.	I have been experiencing some biltaeral arm numbness, dizziness, heartburn but no chest pain. What could it mean?
Brain epidermoid, is it the same as a  meningioma tumor the difference between the two       3cm brain stem / 8cm front lobe?	Is a brain epidermoid and a meningioma one and the same thing?
Bright red blood on TP after first wipe after BM; then other wipes no more blood. I drink way to much pop and very little water...if that matters. ?	What does blood in stool mean?
C4-5 right uncovertebral osteophyte/disc bulge complex  broad disc bulge right neural foraminal stenosis & abutment of ventral cervical cord. Meaning?	My MRI shows C4-5 right uncovertebral osteophyte/disc bulge complex  broad disc bulge right neural foraminal stenosis & abutment of ventral cervical cord. What does this mean?
Can a menstrual blood clot travel to your heart or lungs like other blood clots can?	I am really scared about blood clots, can a clot from my period cause a stroke or an embolism?
Can Celiac Disease mimic MS even after being treated with a strict gluten-free diet? Could my untreated Celiac have caused my brain lesions?	Do MS and celiac disease have similar presenting neurological lesions?
Can fibroadenomas turn into breast cancer?	Are fibroadenomas malignant?
Can kidney polysystic be cured?	Is there any cure for Polycystic kidney, in fact is any treatment needed?
Can one get rid of type 2 diabetes with excercise and a good diet?	Is it imperative that one takes medication for Type 2 diabetes control or is diet and exercise modification enough?
Can you please tell me why it'simportant to promote healthy eating for children and young people?	Can't healthy eating be inculcated at a later age, say adulthood or should ir be started at a young age?
Can you tell me how is an echocardiography performed?	I have an Echocardiography scheduled for tomorrow, I am a bit worried, could you please walk me through the process for some peace of mind?
Can you tell me the names of health care institutions or pharmacies known for compounding voriconazole 1% eye drops solution ?	How can I find any good health care institutions or pharmacies known for compounding voriconazole 1% eye drops solution ?
Could my sinus allergies make it hard to breathe?	Are simple allergies associated with breathing issues too?
Could the symptoms of caffeine overdose will remain more than 2 month, even if we already stop the intake of caffeine?	How long do the symptyoms of caffeine overdose stay for?
Could walking on a soft mattress contribute to bowlegged-ness?	I think my son might be developing some bow legs, could walking on soft mattreses have anything to do with it?
Dear Dr, feeling in my eyes lights are too bright feel dizzy with very sore sides of neck front and tight jaw knot in back of neck sleep apnea 6 weeks?	I have been having a lot of unrelated symotoms for a couple of months now. Can you help? I have sleep apnea, then some neck and jaw soreness, occasional dizziness and photophobia too
Does anyone know what to do with a child around the age of 13 who suffers from serious anxiety?	What treatment options are avaiable for a yound teen suffering from severe anxiety?
Does anything during pregnancy cause esophageal atresia?	Can eating any particular foods during pregnancy caused esophageal atresia in the unborn baby?
Does breastfeeding only on one side alter a woman's risk of breast cancer in the non-suckled breast? My son had a preference so I nursed on the left.	I've noticed a lump in my right breast for a few weeks now, my little one only sucks on the left one, could it mean I have a chnace of cancer in the right one?
Does cut on lip turn into white bump?	Can a cut on the lip turn white after a few days, it doesn't hurt anymore, is just there
Does flax seed oil, about 3 grams a day as prescribed by my opthamologist interact with ortho trip cyclen or other birth control pills?	Do BC pills have any interaction with flax seed oil?
Does 'open' reduction with intramedullary nailing of tibial shaft fracture causes muscle weakness and slow bone healing due to soft tissue damage?	Is the soft tissue damage in  'open' reduction with intramedullary nailing of tibial shaft fracture severe enough to cause muscle weakness and slow bone healing.
Does stress causes hematospermia?	Is stress an important causative factor of hematospermia?
Does the herb kalawalla (polypodium leucotamos) actually work for autoimmune disorders?	Has there been any reaserach that proves the usefulness of herb kalawalla (polypodium leucotamos) in autoimmune disorders?
Does vitamin D come in shot form?	Can I take vitamin D shots instead of pills? It does come in injectable form, right?
Ejection fraction of gb very low. Diet stripped down to lean meats, fruits, vegs. Reflux in throat that is constant yet varies in intensity. Related?	Are a low ejection fraction, gastric reflux and a diet of lean meats, fruits and veggies related in some way?
Female.Mom is 150cm and dad is 156cm.I was wondering if i can be at least 160-165cm tall?	Can I be taller than my parents?
Got high level of hb & doctor advised me to repeat the fbc test in april2014 again.Now i got 17.6% hemoglobin level wht food u recommend, names plz?	I recently got tested and found out, that I have a HB of 17.6%, what foods woud you recommend for me?
Got period after 4mo and it lasted 11 days,which never happens.I've been experiencing dull uncomfortable on/off pain by my uterus.What could it be?	I've missed my period for 4 months now and have some dull pain in lower abdominal region, any idea what's happening?
Have an itchy rash after 4 days of biaxin (clarithromycin). Have taken this before and was fine. Should i continue it?	I think I might have developed an allergic reaction to biaxin (clarithromycin), should I stop taking it?
Have had hard cysts on my scalp for quite very long now. They grew from 1 to about 8 to 9 now. Out of which 3 have grown a little large. They are painless but is uncomfortable while brushing my hair. Although that is not my main concern. Have been treated	I have a few small to large hard cysts on my scalp for a year now, they do not cause pain but are a bit uncomfortable, do I need to get them removed?
Havent had my period sn a year I was using herion and I had gotten myself help now I wondering when will I start my period?	I was a drug addict, but now undergoing treatment. My issue is that I haven't got a period in almost a year. Could it be due to the drugs?
Have pain up and down left leg and left foot. I've been keeping it elevated all day. I hope its not a blood clot. I also took three Bayer aspirins.?	What does a blood clot in the leg present as. Should I be taking some aspirin already if I have leg pain?
Having a blood test for neurological reasons, can it detect pregnancy?	Can pregnancy be detected by a routine blood exam or is there a more specific blood test for it?
Hello I am using neutrogena from 15 days ..Acne is not leaving what should I do?	Is neutrogena actually helpful for acne?
Hello I have back spasms that flare up every now and then. I've done heat and ice rotate. Tried naproxen looked at my diet and take vitamins?	I have been having intense back spasms and none of the basic measures are helping. What should I do?
Hey so I just had strep throat and should I wash all my sheets like are they contagious to my family if they use the same blanket I used when I was sick.	Does a strep throat bacteria linger in your towels, bedding etc and can they infect other people around you?
Hi dr I am 33 of age  mamarried have 3 kids my height is 173 CM my weight is 100 pounds. My normal wweight according to age must be 75 how to get it .	What is the ideal weight for a 33 year old woman?
How accurate are the diabetic blood tests that test your 3 month blood sugars?	Is HBA1c a very accurate test?
How can a person know if they have chronic fatigue syndrome?	What are the symptyoms of A chronic fatigue syndrome?
How can a pregnant woman on bedrest avoid atrophy and blood clots?	I have been advised complete bed rest by my Obgyn, I am 23 weeks pregnant. How can I prevent atrophy and blood clots?
How can I get myself to have normal daily bowel movements when i'm constipated and haven't had a normal bm in almost a month?	I've been struggling with constipation for almost a month now, can you help with a treatment plan for the same? It is quite bothersome, honestly ;(
How can I get rid of ths pain in my leg?	I started having this random pain in my leg, what should I do?
How can  you heal chronic knee bursitis?	What are the treatment options available for chronic knee bursitis?
How common is it for somebody to get cubital tunnel syndrome?	Is cubital tunnel syndrome very common in young females?
How does a doughnut get broken down in the digestive system if it has essentially no nutrients?	Can you walk me through the process of digestion of a doughnut in the human body?
How do u know the days u ovulate if your period changes every month and how do I increase my chances of becomming pregnant?	How can one track one's ovulation with irregular periods?
How effective are punctal plugs for treating dry eyes after lasik? I am close to 1 year post op and artficial tears aren't helping.	Do punctal plugs have an increased benefit over artificial tears for treating dry eyes after Lasik?
How long would a person with cancer live?	What is the average life span of a person after a diagnosis of cancer?
How many molds of my teeth would the ortodontist get before I receive braces?	Will the dentist take many moulds of the teeth before I actually get the braces? I hate getting moulds done...
HSV 1+2 Serum test resut- 1.77 & HSV Type 1+2 PCR DNA result NegativeH. Can't understand the difference between two results.	HSV 1+2 Serum test resut- 1.77 & HSV Type 1+2 PCR DNA result Negative, do these two values mean the same thing?
Hymenal ring remnant... what is it and how can you fix it?	Is there a way to repair a hymenal ring remnant?
Hysterosalpingography, can you tell me about this?	I have a procedure scheduled to check my tubes. HSG something.. Hysterosalpingography maybe. Can you tell me more about the procedure?
I am 24 years and breastfeeding my 9 months daughter Can I make mammogramas as last result 2 years ago was fibro cysts in left breast Should I worry?	I am breatsfeeding my daughter, is it safe to take a mammogram for  F/u on fibrocystic changes in my left breast?
I am 35 weeks and 6 days pregnant and have been leaking a lot of clear fluid from my breast and also getting bad tightening pains in my belly?	I am almost 36 weeks pregnant and I have noticed a lot of clear fluid from my breast and lower abdominal pains. Am I going into labor?
I am 44 and my breast and nipples are tender what could it be?	I am 44, experiencing some breast and nipple tenderness since a week, haven't had my period in a while, could I be pregnant?
I am noticing little red bumps on the skin near my labia?	What can cause small red bumps near one's labia?
I am on penicillin for about a month now, a week ago I started seeing my period but by the afternoon it stopped. Can penicillin delay periods?	Can penicillin interfere with my period and cause an almost non existant one?
I fast 16 hours eat 8. But for 8 hours I eat three meals. So should I keep my meals together so I don't start fasting or can they be spread out  ?	Is it bad to fast for 16 hours and then eat three meals within 8 hours?
If global temperatures increase, will malaria spread to other areas?	Is malaria more common in hotter areas?
If I don't have the egg white cervical musus am I still ovualating?	Is it imperative that one has egg white cervical mucous while ovulating?
If I use 4 tylenol (acetaminophen) 3 and 0.50mg Xanax would it be just as dangerous to use lsd and mdma a few hours later as it would be only mixing lsd and mdma? Ty	Can one take Tylenol, Xanax, LSD and MDMA within a gap of a few hours?
If the mass I have between my ribs is cancerous would it make anything on a CBC abnormal and at about what stage?	I have a mass in between my ribs, I am worried it could be cancer. If it is, will it show up on a CBC?
If you felt a mass in the breast for over 4 yrs now should I be worried?	I am 40, and I've had a breast lump in my right breast for about 4 years now. Could it be cancer?
If your baby has already dropped does it automaticly mean your close to having the baby?	Is labor close once the baby drops?
I got electrocuted i was replacing a wire on my car and i accidentally touched it wth a screwdriver and got shocked i felt it go up my armswillibe ok?	I just got a small electric shock in my arm! I am freaking out a bit. Should I see a doctor?
I had 2 chest x rays done 2 different times with portable mechine I seen the image but did not see the ribs just lungs is that possible.	My chest X-rays keep showing only my lungs but not my ribs! How is that possible?
I had implanon removed and now have Evelyn for the combined pill. Had a few months normal but now bleed when wipe & shouldn't be. Why? See a doc?	Can hormonal contracceptives cause irergular bleeding? And spotting?
I had medial epicondylar release/ ulnar nerve decompression 5/9/14. When I woke up from it I had a sore throat still have a sore throat? I'mconcerned?	I have had this constant sore throat since my surgery a couple of years back, what could be the cause?
I had my meniscus repaired last week I'm not supposed to bear weight on this leg. I lost my balance and caught my self using this leg briefly,am I ok?	For how long after meniscal surgery should you avoid putting weight on the injured leg?
I had unprotected sex 2 weeks ago, I started getting a brown discharge, but I havent started yet. What can it mean? I have irregular periods btw.	Does a brown vaginal discharge mean I am pregnant?
I have a black scar in my eye that I can see when I look at something that is a light color. Its been there for 2 months. Will it go away on its own?	I have noticed some black scarring in my eye? What could it be? And will it go away on it's own?
I have a bruise circling a insect bite,is this common?	I got a bug bite, now I notice a bruise around it, is that normal?
I have a bug bite and it keeps getting worse. What do you recommend?	What can help with a bug bite?
I have a burning sensation on the top part of my breast after 2 days of having breast augmentation, is this normal?	What symptoms can one expect in the recovery phase after a breast augmentation?
I have a full thickness tear/rupture of the flexor hallucis tendon after bunion surgery 3 mos ago.  It is retracted 2.5 cm. and I cannot bend big toe downward.  What are long term possible problems without ability of my big toe to push downward, to provid	What are the long term complications of a full thickness tear/rupture of the flexor hallucis tendon?
I have a lump on the back of my head. Its above the hairline in the middle. Its hard and unmovable. It does not pain. Should I be cocerned?	What would a hard, fixed, midline bump in the head that's been there for a few weeks mean?
I have a painful sore inside my nose, it is red and rough. My nose is very dry too. What is it and how do I treat it? It won't go away and it hurts.	I have a red, rough sore inside my nose for 3 days now, and my nose is quite dry too! What could this be? It's quite painful actually, so any help will be appreciated
I have a possible scaphoid wrist fracture. How can I tell without going to the hospital?	What are the symptoms of a scaphoid wrist fracture?
I have arthritis in my knees and lower back. Normally when I get out of bed they are stiff. My hips achey and stiff are if I lay on my back at night?	How can I manage stiffness in my knees, lower back etc. I do have arthritis
I have a warm & irritated uretha and clitoris lately I have to urine a lot. I think I have a UTI or a yeast infection. Can you cure your own UTI?	What are the ways to manage a UTI at home?
I have been eating 1200-1300 cal. (most days) and exercising 5x/wk.  I eat more on weekends but maintain my weight. But this week I gained 2.5 lbs!  I have been stressed and constipated.  Is that why?	Can stress and constipation cause weight gain, inspite of healthy eating and exercising?
I have been experiencing abdominal pain, diarrhea after meals, fatigue and occasionally bloody stool. Could it be Crohn's disease?	What are the symptoms of Crohn's disease? I feel I may be developing it :(
I have been taking my birthcontrol Amethia for 3 months but wednesday I took it two hours larer then I would usually. Can I still ingage in sex?	If on some days, I take my BC pills a few hours late, is that alright?
I have l5-s1 slight bulging disc. One doc told me that I should quit squash for good and another doc said I can play again within 3 months. I'm 28?	For how long should I avoid intense workouts if I have recently been diagnosed with l5-s1 slight bulging disc?
I have membranous nephropathy and I see a nephrologist. Can the disease ever go away or am I most certain to eventually be on dialysis someday. Thanks?	What is the prognosis for membranous nephropathy?
I have  microalbumin urine 343.2 ug/ml ,microalb/creat Ratio ,random urine 402.3 mg/g creat, no DM,no HT,is this serious ? What 's to do next?	What does microalbumin urine 343.2 ug/ml ,microalb/creat Ratio ,random urine 402.3 mg/g creat in urine mean? Is this bad? Am I going to die?
I have pain in lower right jawline, and also feel swelling under it. I must also tell you m on provisional diagnosis of Bechet disease?	Can Bechet's disease have pain and swelling under the jawline too?
I have these painful sores on my stomach, and they hurt so bad. I think they may be boils or ingrown hairs. How do I treat these?	I often get these painful sores on my legs, stomach, underarms. Are these boils or simply ingrown hair? Can you suggest me some measures for the sores?
I have TMJ em from india i want to ask is it is curable?	What are the treatment options available for TMJ?
I know there are alternatives for penicillin, but why dos we not use the others? Are there problems with them, or? (it's for a school projekt)	What additional benefit does Penicilln offer as compared to other drugs in the same category?
I'm 33 smoker stomach inflammation gastritis I had an abortion 11 yrs ago, I can't get pregnant after 10 yrs why??confused	Is it possible to conceive if one had an abortion 10 years back?
I'm due for my birth control shot on the 24 but I've been having uterus pain on the right side of my uterus I'm not sure what it can be?	I am having this right sided pain for a few days now, but I am also due for my birth control shot, could it be because of that?
I messed up my birth control and started a new pack. When I took the first week, I bleed for 3 days. Now I am confused when my period will come again.	I confused the dates of my pill pack, and now I bled for 3 days in between. When should I expect my period now?
I'm really scared of needles. I'm getting my blood drawn in a few months for the first time. Could they do something so it won't hurt?	Is there some form of local anaesthesia that can be used to numb the skin before drawing blood? I'm just too scared of needles.
I'm wondering what is the best birth control?	How do I decide which is the best birth control for me?
In my blood tests, I have high levels of trigliceridos(234 mg/dl), got (ast )(37.4ui/l), gpt (alt)(59.3ui/l), gamma-gt (52.3ui/l). Are these levels bad?	Are the following blood levels of trigliceridos(234 mg/dl), got (ast )(37.4ui/l), gpt (alt)(59.3ui/l), gamma-gt (52.3ui/l) normal or should I be worried?
Is it normal. For your your gums to swell when your on your period?	Does any gum swelling happen during a period?
Is it normal to have a low sex drive after having three c sections?	Does a woman's libido reduce after 3 C-sections?
Is it possible for a person to survive metastatic liver cancer?	What is the prognosis of a metastatic liver cancer?
Is it possible to have herpes and only have outbreaks in the anal canal and underneath the tongue but not on the mouth or vagina?	Where all can one experience Herpes breakouts?
Is it safe to get hysterectomy done before angioplasty?	Are hysterectomy and angioplasty dangerous if had one after the other?
Is it safe to take a probiotic while breastfeeding?	I have some diarrhea but I am breatsfeeding my 6 month old, so I want to avoid any antibiotics, but are probiotics safe?
I started belching and it smelled and taste like rotten eggs with symptoms of diarrhea watery vomiting what look like red blood and coffee grounds	I am a 26 year old non smoker, non alcohlic and I've been belching, vomiting, have diarrhea and I think I noticed some blood in my vomitus. What's happening to me? Should I be worried?
I stepped on a rock that injured the outside of my foot.  17 days later, swelling and bruising down. Discomfort still. Will walking hurt the healing?	It's been almost 2 and half weeks since I bumped into a rock and injured my foot, though the swelling is down bit it still hurts, is it a fracture, am I okay to walk or should I avoid weight bearing?
Is the candida retested after treatment?	How soon should one get tested for Candida after completing treatment?
Is there a difference between inositol pills and powder?	Does it make a difference if I take Inositol in pill or powder form?
Is there a specific time for teens to sleep?	Should teens go to bed at a certain time and sleep for a certain number of hours?
Is too high a dose of birth control dangerous?	Is there any dose of birth control that can be considered dangerous?
I stopped using accutane/isotroin in november. Is it safe to have a baby now?	How long should one abstain for conception when on accutane/isotoin?
Is uristat (phenazopyridine) a good treatment for a potential uti?	Does Uristat help prevent a UTI if it is suspected?
It is true that we should not drink pills or vit. w/ a cool water?	Does taking pills with cool water make them ineffective?
I used an over the counter corn pad on my toe which had a sensitive callus and now it has gotten much worse and swollen. How can I heal my skin?	Can an OTC cotton corn pad actually worsen the callus or is it safe to use?
I've got a bench with a barbell, dumbbells, pull up bar, and a treadmill, what are some workouts i could do to gain muscle?	Could you give me some tips for muscle gain while at the gym? Any specific exercises?
I've had a cold for 1week. I just stopped antibiotics. Coughing up grey mucus sometimes. Dr isn't concerned. Should l take 2nd lot of antibiotics?	I've been taking antibiotics for my cold for almost a week now, but I still am coughing up some phlegm with grey mucous membranes. Should I continue with the antibiotics?
I've never had hormonal acne until I started tilia fe b.C 4months ago. It's supposed to treat acne. Should I give it time or switch b.Cs?	Can Telia Fe birth control pills cause or worsen acne?
I was diagnosed w/ Chlamydia on 9/29/2015. Treated the same day. Tested on 11/16/2015, came back positive. I haven't had sex since the 1st test. How?	Can you still get Chlmydia after completing treatment, even if you abstain from sex?
I was prescribed Tripsin+Chymotripsin for tooth treatment tds for 3days. Can I continue these combination for a long period?	Is it dangerous to take Tripsin+Chymotripsin for a longer duration?
I was taking amoxicillin for tooth problem. On the second day I started having full bladder with difficulty to urinate and clear discharge symptoms.?	Can amoxcillin cause difficulty in urinating?
I was zip lining and at the end of the zip line was a block of about 50 pounds. I was going at about 30 mph and slammed my heel in it. Now it's purple and swollen. What should I do?	I think I may have broken my heel! I slammed into a big rock at the end of my zip line and hurt myself. Now what?
Just looked in right side of nose. very red and swollen. Hurts to sniff or touch outside of nose. Its big like a polyp. Have clear discharge. Whatisit?	I seemed to have developed a polyp like thing in my nose, its red, swollen and painful. Why would this happen?
Just saw marble size black lump in bm. Thought possibly just food so poked at it w/latex glove. Def not food, it's poo. Red blood lately too. Already did ibd workup (neg). Temp 99.5 for a month. Er?	I've been noticing some blood in stools for a few weeks now, have already been evaluated for IBD which came back negative. And just now saw a marble sized black lump in the toilet. Have had a slight fever too since a month now.. What's happening? Is this something serious?
L/4, l/5 laminect foot pain 1year later, foot doc say normal, neurologist say s/1 caus, ortho surgeon say MRI good, neurosur say nerv itself Whoright?	I have been having L 4-5, foot pain for a year now. Some doctors are saying its noithing, others are saying it's nerve related. What do you think?
Lately when i get frightened or startled, i feel the blood pump down my legs and then my toes start to really hurt. It aches for a long time. What is?	I've been having these weird symptoms recently. Every time something bad happens and I am scared or frightened, it's like all my blood drains to my feet and my toes start hurting real bad! What's happening?
Legs are always cold even when I am sweating badly and feet and toes go numb. Why?	My feet always keep going numb and are unusually cold most of the times. What's going on?
My 6mo old niece has a pink round spot on each thigh in the same place. My sister is worried it's ring worm. It doesn't bother the baby any. Thoughts?	What can be the possible diagnosis for a pink round spot on both thighs in the same place in a 6 m/o? Could it be ring worm?
My 7 yr postive again for strep and I'm leaning towards pandas. I was prescribed clindamycin 75 mg/5ml. Is this the right antibiotic? He did augm b4.	Is Clindamycin an effective way to manage Strep in a 7 y/o?
My bf fingrd me possibly sperm on his hands. His fingr was dry and all he did was wipe his penis wi/ a ppr twl. We don't think any got on his handspreg?	My BF fingered me, and I think his hands might have had some dried sperm, could I be pregnant?
My complete blood picture results note is rbcs show hypochromia, microcytosis and anisocytosis should I see a doctor or not?	What does it mean when a blood picture results is rbcs show hypochromia, microcytosis and anisocytosis
My father has cvid and parkinson's. Are there any tests that could show the likelihood of my potential children developing these same problems?	Is Cvid and Parkinson's genetically transmitted?
My friend thinks she's fat but she's really not and she sticks toolow calories and if she eats something bad she burns the calories of by excercising?	My friend has started obsessing over her belly fat! She doesn't eat well, how can I help her?
My girlfriend has aids and we had unprotected sex because she said that the birth control protected me, true?	Can birth control pills protect against AIDS?
My girlfriend woke up with a bruise on the end of her chin this morning. She never had it when she went to bed and never bumped it. What can it be?	What can be the cause for a sudden bruise on chin with no history of any injury?
My mums warfarin INR level has been fluctuating at an alarming level lately for no apparent reason?	Why do Warfarin INR levels fluctuate?
My pain medication is making me sleepy and groggy, but I have to work. What else can I take?	Is there any non sedative pain medication out there?
My period was black and sticky but is not smelling although have been having irregular menses for two years now?	What does a brown to black vaginal discharge mean? Could it be a period?
My recent blood test INR 1.12 APTT ratio 1.16 Beta-2 Microglobulin 1.50mg/L are they ok?	I recently got tests for INR 1.12 APTT ratio 1.16 Beta-2 Microglobulin 1.50mg/L, are these levels normal or should I be worried? I'm just 18, please help me. I am scared.
My son has a hemorrhoid and he is getting thin stool and slight diarrhea is that from the hemorrhoid?	What symptoms can a hemorrhoid cause?
My son's adult front tooth is very pointy.  Why is that?	Could there be a special reason why the adult tooth that my son has is so pointy?
My toenails are a yellow tone and has turned into a bump on my nail I was wondering what I could do. I think it may be a fungal nail possibly. ?	What are the symptoms of a fungal nail infection?
Painful scar tissue left under atypical mole removal spot on calf. Sharp, deep pain. Dermatologist recommended plastic surgeon. What will happen?	I recently got an atypical mole removed from my calf, now there is a scar which hurts real bad and I've been advised to see a plastic surgeon. What should I expect at the appointment?
Panic attack after smoking weed. Is this normal?	I am having a lot of palpitations and some chest pain and I just smoked weed, is this a panic attack?
Please explain what it means to have a "prominent nose"?	Someone said I have a prominent nose, what could it mean?
Please help! What is the survival rate of malignant meningioma?	What is the prognosis for a patient of malignant meningioma?
Please provide advice on discontinuing hctz (hydrochlorothiazide) after developing petechiae on my arms. I have been taking hctz (hydrochlorothiazide) for 3 months and this just started.	I've been taking hydrochlorthiazide for almost 3 months now and recently noticed some petechiae on my arms. Could it be related to the medication?
Question on a discharge--slimey and midcycle?	What does slimy, mid cycle whitish discharge indicate?
Quick question about ketone test strips. If they are kind of pinkish before I use them are they bad?	Should I be using ketone strips that have turned pinkish even before I've used them?
Recently had bacterial vaginosis and a yeast infection. Still think I have bv- treated with metronidazole + fluconazole, discharge white. Thoughts?	Can BV and yeast infections persist even after proper treatment? I still think I have some symptoms.
Rectal bleeding after fissure op. Surgon found 1 big hemorrhoid and some small. Banding done for big one. Foul smell & bleeding persistant. What is it?	I've had some persistent foul smell and bleeding post banding for hemorrhoids. What do you think could be causing it?
School paper: how does a disciplinary and or criminal record affect the ability to get into professional school/medical school?	Okay, so I need this info for my school paper. Does a disciplinary and or criminal record prohibit you from getting into professional school/medical school?
Skin sticking out under my tongue. Is this normal?	I've noticed weird looking skin sticking out under my tongue, is it something or I just happened to notice it today?
So can two women have a child of their own?	Is it possible for two gay women, to conceive on their own?
So, I have this itchy dark brown mole on my hip, it's sort of red around the edges, I have no idea what's causing it. Any ideas?	What can be the reason for an itchy, dark, brown mole on the hip with surrounding erythema?
Stubbed left pinkie toe a few hours ago. Quite painful. Now its swollen and there's a lump on the right side of the toe and it hurts. Fractured?	I accidentally bumped my toe into the bed yesterday and it's all swollen and painful today, could it be a fracture?
Suggest me ways for late discharge during intercourse male age 42 yrs?	Why do I have late discharge when doing sex with my wife?
Supposing that cancer has spread from an origin, is that secondary cancer treated differently?	Is the treatment for a secondarily spread cancer same as the primary?
The cause of my first pregnancy miscarriage seemed to b a bleed sac above my baby at 6 1/2 weeks. Is there anything I can do to prevent this next time.	How can I prevent having a miscarriage due to bleeding above the baby at 6 and a half weeks, like it happened last time I was pregnant?
Ways to get bilirubin down like blue lights,  etc?	I suspect my daughter has jaundice, how can we bring down her bilirubin levels?
Weeping blisters ontop of foot,red toes...looks terrible.what to do??	Can you please help me with some measures that I can try at home for these weeping blisters on my foot that I've had since a week.
What amount of niacin flush should I take to clean my system free of thc?	Can a niacin flush help clean the body of any residual THC
What are my chances of getting pregnant if my boyfriend pulled out. But then inserted his fingers and penis back in my vagina  with sperm ...	If a man's fingers or his penis has semen stuck to it and he inserts the same in the vagina, can a girl get pregnant?
What are some non-medical things I can do help my asthma?	Any home remedies for asthma?
What are the chances of survival following a stomach cancer diagnosis?	What is the 5-year prognosis with stomach cancer?
What are the five most common emergency surgeries in american teen girls?	You might think I'm a bit paranoid but could you please help me with the five most common emergency surgeries in american teen girls?
What are those tiny white bumps on the tip of my tongue? Can I spread it to my infant?	I saw some white bumps on my tongue this morning! Will i transfer it to my baby when I kiss her?
What blood sugar level is considered normal for people with type 2 diabetes?	I have type 2 diabetes and my fasting sugar levels usually stay around 100, is that normal?
What can cause neck vessels to become engorged and distended episodically that improves greatly with daily replacement doses (20mg) of hydrocortisone?	What in your opinion could be the possible cause for episodic engorgement and distention of neck vessels? And why does it get better with daily replacement doses (20mg) of hydrocortisone?
What can I do about low back pain and stiffness during and after bending over?	Can you help me with some measures for lower back pain and stiffness, more so on bending?
What can I do to increase my chances of getting pregnant? I also did medical abortion 5 months ago. I use the ovulation kit and no results. Plz help	I've been tracking my ovulation since my medical abortion a few months back, I want to conceive again, what do you suggest I do?
What causes hungry one hour after meals with upper abdominal pain and burning sensation?	Every time after I eat a meal, I get this burning sensation and pain in my upper abdomen and feel hungry again! What could it be?
What causes these blister things under your tongue?	I have these blisters under my tongue since a few weeks now. What could be causing them?
What could I do to make my breats bigger naturally?	How can I have natuarally bi breasts? Are there some exercises or foods for the same?
What does a medical physicist do during cancer treatment?	What is the role of a medical physicist in the treatment of cancer?
What does having an f2 bone cyst on my spine mean?	Is F2 bone cyst on the spine dangerous?
What exactly is the fastest way to burn off belly fat?	How can I get rid of this belly fat, real soon?
What happens at fetal heart ultrasound?	Can you walk me through the process of a fetal heart ultrasound?
What happens to a person at the end that has pancreatic cancer?	What is the prognosis of a pancreatic cancer?
What increases blood coagulation?	I am suddenly having issues with oncreased blood coagulation. Though I am seeing a doctor, I'd like to understand how that might have happened?
What is best position of a fetus at seventh month?	Does the fetus take a definite position at the 7th month, if so which is the best one?
What is Cervical cancer a risk factor for?	Can cervical cancer cause more ailments in the body?
What is done about migraines caused by changes in temperature?	Can anything prevent migraines that happen due to sudden change in temperature?
What is liver failure and how is it treated?	My father has been diagnosed with liver failure, is it fatal, what treatment should I get for him?
What is the definition or description of: diclofenac?	What is a Diclofenac exactly?
What is the difference between catatonia and "emotional unavailability"?	Are catatonia and "emotional unavailability the same thing?
What's a good way to address back pain?	How can I cure my back pain?
What should I do if I have counted 25 canker sores in my mouth, which are extremely painful, can you help me find out how to lessen the pain?	Oh my goodness! Please help me! My mouth is full of these canker sores! I am dying...
What to do if I have a archwire that is not connected to one bracket of the damon braces?	Is it bad is my archwire is not connected to one bracket of the damon braces?
What to do if I have a very flat butt. it almost doesn't exist. what are some tips/exercises that could give me a nice butt?	Can you share some butt enhancing exercises with me? Some that actually work?
What to do if I have blood in stool?	I am freaking out! I just noticed some blood in my stool, what does it mean? Please help...
What treatment would you recommend for demodex folliculorum infestation? It appeared at the base of the nose and spreading down. Thank you!	Are there any home remedies for demodex folliculorum infestation or will I need to see a local doctor?
What would a spider bite on the tongue look like?	Could you help me with the symptoms of a spider bite, on the tongue. I know it's a highly unusual place, but I think it might have happened when I was outside earlier...
What would cause white tip of the uvula? Sore throat in morning, but goes away. White tip remains throughout	Can you get a white spot on the uvula in a thraot infection, have been experiencing some sore throat early mornings for a few days now.?
When after you concieve can your nipples start itching?	Do nipples start itching, in fact do you experience generalised body itching during pregnancy?
When can I give my babies the chicken& meat  they are now 8 months?	How soon is it okay to start chicken, meat in infants?
When should I use an ovulation test? Morning, afternoon or night?	What's the best time of the day to take an ovulation test?
Why does/would wearing an abdominal binder raise my blood pressure? Both diastolic and systolic increased by 10 points, pushing me into hypertensive range 135/105.	Does a abdominal binder increase one's blood pressure significantly?
Why do I have chest wall pain and hard time breathing long after workouts ?	Can a strenuous workout cause chest pain? Is that normal?
Why don't you use a non rebreather on a pt that is hyperventilating due to anxiety?	What are the discadvantages of using a non re rebreather on a pt that is hyperventilating due to anxiety?
Why dose my chest hurt when stretching and coughing plus sneezing?	I've been coughing and sneezing a lot, but why is my chest hurting so bad?
Why is my period blood dark brown, stopped after 4 hrs. Is this a period?	What does brown vaginal discharge mean?
Would 3 normal u/s and 5 low d-dimers over the course of 4 weeks rule out dvt? Even though leg pain is still there? No redness or swelling.	How can we rule out DVT? What symptoms should I look out for and what tests can be done?
Would there be symptoms if vertebrae in neck collapsed?	Is collapse of the neck vertebrae common? What are the symptoms on ecan expect?
2yr old dry skin above lip and top lip irritated and or dry. Regular cetaphyl atopic stings. Is it ok to put vaseline?  it's red, irritated. Other?	My 2 year old has dry, irritated upper lip with some redness. I have tried cetaphyl but it stings. Can I use vaseline?
All of a sudden my ears stopped producing ear wax. What could be the cause?	I think my ears are not producing enough wax, is it some medical conditon?
Anyone have any dietary suggestions for a 10 year old with gastritis?	My 10 year old nephew has been diagnosed with gastritis. What are some dietary precautions that can help him?
A recent CT scan with contrast revealed two cysts on pancreas. What does this mean? Previous colon cancer and has esld. Also 6mm mass on liver.	I am worried because I recently went in for CT scan which showed two cysts on pancreas. Can you help me undesand what it could be? Just a little background of my medical conditions- I have been treated for colon cancer and have end stage liver disease with a 6 mm mass on liver.
Are there any serious after-effects of a heroin overdose?	What would happpen if someone overdoses on heroin? Is it life threatening?
A while ago I developed a white clumpy discharge, itching, small bumps, and a strange scent. I'm six months pregnant, and I don't have an STD. Help?	I am 20 weeks pregnant and for the past 2-3 days, I have noticed some white clumpy discharge which has a strange odor. I noticed small bumps also and it itches really bad down there. I got tested for STD's last month and I was clean. What could this be and what can I do to treat it? Just worried that it might affect my baby. Any help would be appreciated.
Can allergies to tooth paste ingredients cause diarrhea and stomach pains?	Do you think someone can be allergic to toothpaste ingreedients resulting in diarrhea and stomach pain?
Can a pedigree help you trace a condition that is autosomal dominant or autosomal recessive?	Is there a scientific way to check chances of inheritance of a condition that is autosomal dominant or autosomal recessive?
Can a person be allergic to febreeze plug ins? The scent of something?	Every time, I use air freshener I start getting irritation, redness in my eyes and they start watering- Do you think I could be allergic to any of the ingredients of febreze plug in or could be some allergy to perfume?
Can a urine test show you have kidney stones?	Is a urine test helpful to diagnose kidney stones?
Can cognitive behavioral therapy help someone quit smoking?	I am trying to quit smoking. I am trying nicotine gums for about a few weeks. I heard that cognitive behavioral therapy also helps in quitting smoking. What do you think? Do you think I should reach out to my doctor for this therapy?
Can contact dermatitis cause scarring?	I have a rash due to contact dermatitis as diagnosed by my doctor. I am worried about scarring due to this. Does dermatitis usually result in scarring?
Can i drink coffee to avoid a headache?	Is coffee helpful when you have a headache?
Can I have a glass of wine while taking methylprednisolone for poison ivy?	I am taking methylprednisone for poison ivy, do you think it is safe to have a glass of wine?
Can sleep apnea cause memory loss? And negative thinking? I got diagnosed with sleep apnea but I am not sure how long I've had it.	I have memory loss and negative thoughts, could my sleep apnea be the cause of these symptoms?
Can taking DEPO shot make you irritable? Is it normal to have brownish discharge while on it, but no period so far? It's been 22 days.	I got a depo shot last month and I feel I have been more irritable after that. I have not had a period so far, just noticed brown vaginal discharge. Do you thik it could be due to depo shot?
Can u do surgery13 weeks after initial injury to repair ulna&radius broken mid shaft showing poor bone healing&appears to be healing "bowed" (bad angle?	Is it too late to go in for a surgery to repair ulna and radius if the injury happened 13 weeks ago and the radius was broken in the middle of shaft and healing has not been going well?
Can you tell me about the most common genetic disorder?	What are some common genetic disorders? I am expecting my first baby, hence wanted to know about genetic disorders.
Cold worse after 10 days. Symptoms: phlegm, shorter breath, chest pain, eyelids sealed by mucus at night. Is it more than a cold? What do I do next?	I have been dealing with phlegm, shortness of breath and cold symptoms which have become worse in the past 10 days. I have chest pain and when I wake up, my eyelids are sealed with mucus. I am worried if it is common cold or could be it something worrisome. What should I do now? Do I need to visit a doctor?
Could ovarian cysts enlarge during ovulation?	I need your opinion- Do you think the ovarian cysts enlrge when a female is ovulating?
Cut my finger about 10hrs ago. It looked deep quickly cleaned and dressed it, now you can barely tell I cut it. Is it possible to heal this quicly?	How long does a cut on finger usually take to heal? If a cut on finger is barely visible after a few hours, like 10 hrs of getting the cut, does that mean it has healed? Just wondering if it can heal that quickly.
Does Adderall (dextroamphetamine and racemic amphetamine) make eyes itch?	Is itchng of eyes a common side effect of Adderall?
Does any one get cancer of the blood?	How common is blood cancer in Americans? I am worried that I might have blood cancer because my grandafther passed away because of blood cancer.
Does chronic laxative use lead to bacteria imbalance in the gut??	Can regular use of laxatives affect the normal gut flora?
Do people who suffer impaired cognition as a result of a brain tumor recover their faculties?	My grandfather has impaired congnition due to a brain tumor. Can he recover completely?
Do you think there's ever going to be a cure for herpes? Or are people already trying to find a cure? Do you think there's a chance of finding a cure?	I have been diagnosed with herpes recently and I read that it is not curable. But I want to know if there is a possibility that there will some cure for it any time soon and if some reasearch is alaredy going on to find a cure for herpes?
Effects of drinking alcohol on the body fat?	Do you know if alcohol has any effects on body fat?
Eyes feeling dry last couple of days. One eye became mildly red with clear mucus, next day the mucous was yellow with eye irritation. Mucous in throat?	My eyes have been feeling dry for the past couple of days. Then, I noticed mild redness, irritation in eye, clear mucus which turned yellow. I have mucus in my throat also, not sure if it might be related to my eye issue.
Flu like symptoms for about 3weeks. Now symptoms are gone. Have been having coughing fits now for 1week chest is really hurting. What to do?	This cough has been giving me awful chest pain for the past one week. Not sure, if it could be related to the flu symotoms which I had 3 weeks ago. Do you think I can treat this at home or do I need to see my primary?
For people with arthritis, is it painful to pop knuckles, like hand knuckles?	I have arthritis and whenever I pop my hand knuckles, I feel sharp pain. Do you think it is bcause of my arthritis?
For the 1st time a lot of clear colorless odorless liquid gushed out of vagina 2 days after sex with my partner of 2 years. Had my period a week later	I am worried about some serious infection. I noticed some clear, colorless, odorless vaginal discharge 2 days after sex with my partner a few weeks ago. Then a week later, I got my period. I have been with him only for the past 2 years. Do you think it could be a sign of some STD?
Had Yellow stool for almost 4months with no other symptoms,it turned to dark green 3days ago,no iron supplements Should i worry ?	I am worried about the change in color of my stools. My stool has been yellow colored for the past 4 months and now for the past 3 days, I have green stools with no symptoms and I am not taking iron supplements. Should I be concerned?
Have water fluid on feet and legs pretty bad, already on water pills....Have a hard time sleeping and fine it hard to walk... Should I go to the er?	I want your opinion- I have fluid retention in my feet and legs and they look really swollen and it is hardcto sleep and walk. I am already taking water pills. Do I think I should go to ER tonight?
Hello docs, is atherectomy better than stent procedure?	My grandfather has been diagnosed with 90% bloackage in right coronary artery, do you think he should go in for stent procedure or atherectomy?
Hello. I have bloodly discharge and a little pain in my lower stomach and back. When I wipe after peeing I can see it and sometimes its mucus like..	Hello! I am here to talk about something which is going on with me for a couple of days. I have noticed bloody discharge and I see it mostly when I wipe after peeing. It looks like mucus. I also have pain in lower stomach and back.
He touched my vulva nd clit with his fingers nd am not sure if he had ejacultion or not. That was on the 9 th day of a regular 28 days period. Chance?	I am worried about pregnancy. My boyfriend touched my vulva and clitoris with his fingers and I am not sure if he ejaculated inside me but it was the 9th day of my cycle and I have regular cycle of 28 days.
Hi. I have been having ear pain in my right ear. It started on Thursday maybe and It just keeps hurting.?	I have been having constant pain in my right ear since Thursday, What should I do?
How are baby and adult cartilage different?	I read online that babies are born with 300 bones and many of them are cartilagenous intoatlly and then, they ossify, unite to become strong, big bones as the baby grows. I was wondering how that cartilage found in babies is different from the cartilage seen in adults because in adults, the cartilage does not ossify?
How can I deal with anxeity without medication?	I have been dealing with bad anxiety for the past few weeks and I do not want to take any medicine. Are there any remedies or simple things that I can try to feel better?
How can I heal a third degree burn?	What are some things that can be tried for a third degree burn?
How can I help a depressed friend?	I feel sad to see my friend depressed. Is there any way that i can help her feel better?
How can I improve my posture? I have at least 4 inches of head forward tilt from rounded shoulders. Remembering just to stand up straight, no.	Are there any ways or exercises to correct posture which can help with my rounded shoulders? I try to stand up and sit straight and I have 4 inches of head forward tilt. Is that enough?
How can I stop my hands getting chaped and dry ?	What are some things that can help me with my dry and chapped hands?
How can you tell the difference between hemmorhoids and colon cancer? Even though the symptoms are very similar, what are the major differences?	I have been noticing blood in my stools for the past 3-4 days. How can I tell if I have hemorhoids or colon cancer?
How come so many medical doctors do not believe that adrenal fatigue is a real issue?	What are your thoughts about adrenal fatigue and I wonder why so many doctors do not believe it is a real issue?
How do I calculate the number of days that my period lasts? It flows for like 6 days, but on the 7th day it drops just little like spotting. Please	I need some help understanding the duration of my period. If my bleeding lasts for 6 days and on 7th day, I have very light bleeding, what would be the duration of my period?
How do I stop my cold sore from peeling?   When a cold sore peels is it supposed to bleed?	I have recently been diagnosed with oral herpes and I have a cold sore now and it has started to peel. I am using abreva ointment, not sure if it can result in peeling. Do you know what might have triggered the peeling and is there anything that I can use to control peeling? I am really worried that it may start bleeding, does a cold sore bleed usually?
How do you know the difference between diverticulitis and colitis?	I have bad abdominal cramps, blood in stools, constipation alternated with diarrhea for a couple of months. My mother who is a RN told me that it could be colitis and when I searched I found another condition called diverticulitis with similar symptoms. Are both these conditions same? If not, how can I tell if I have diverticulitis or colitis?
How do you know when you are undergoing respiratory depression? Extremetly fatigues	What are some signs that will help me know that I have resporartory depression? I have been feling extremely tired.
How many hours does it take to get food poisining with ice cream? (chocolate ice cream)	I ate a chocolate ice cream a few hours ago and I am feeling like throwing up with stomach pain. I think I am getting down with food poisoning but not sure if I can symptoms of food poisoning within 3 hrs of eating. Can you please tell me if that is possible?
How many mg. Of potassium do I need daily from a regular diet to be healthy?	What is the daily requirement of potassium for a healthy adult?
How much water should a 60lb 10 year old child consume daily? We were told at least 64oz, but this seems too much for her to drink. She has eds w/pots	My 10 year old neice has Ehlers Danlos syndrome with POTS. Her doctor has suggested 64 oz of water for her but it seems too much for her to drink. Do you know what is the daily water requirement for her if she weighs 60 lbs?
How to reat l1-5 bulged discs significant pain?	I have bulged discs between L1- L5 and it is giving me a lot of back pain, what can I do?
How would doctors recommend I treat painful headaches or migraines?	My daughter has migraine and she gets really bad headaches. I am planning to take her to her doctor but would like to know how migraines are treated usually?
I can't see in the dark as well as others can? Do I need carrots or vitamin a?	I am scared that I might be nightblind as I cannot see in dark when everyone else can see. Do you think increasing intake of Vitamin A or carrots may help me?
I did not get my period for 2 months early this year. I consulted an OBGyne who is a friend of my brother. I also consulted her since I've been having brown discharge and I was alarmed. She said that I might have PCOS. She advised me to take Provera 10mg	I would like some more insight into what's going on with me. My Ob/gyn has advised me Provera 10 mg because he diagnosed me with PCOS. Actually, I went in for a check-up because I missed my period for 2 months early this year and has been having brown discharge.
I eat vegetable curry daily (different types) every meal. Does this count towards my 5 a day and is this a healthy way of eating veggies?	I am looking for an opinion from a professional. I am eating 5 different types of vegetable curries. Do you think this is a healthy way of eating veggies and does this count towards my 5?
If 5 mth. Old baby has mrsa(the skin disease that causes boils) doctor gave her medicine but what soap to wash her with?  She also has ezema on skin.	My 5 month old has MRSA and eczema and she has boils on her skin. Her doctor has given her the medicines but I wanted to know which soap can I use for her? Any recommendations?
If I have a 33 day cycle & I start chlomid on days 5-9 when should I have intercourse?	I have PCOS and I am trying to conceive. My doctor has advised clomid. Just wanted to know when I should have sexual intercourse to incraese my chances of getting pregnant if I took Clomid from day 5-9 and I have a 33 days cycle.
If I have sex the day before I ovulate when would I conceive?	I got a positive ovulation test today and we had unrpotected sexual intercourse yesterday, I wanted to know if that would help in conception and when will I conceive?
I had parts of my colon removed. I'm fine, but I have diarrhea everyday and can't seem to find a right diet for me! what can I do?	Can you please help me choosing the right diet for me? I have been having diarrhea everyday since I got a part of my colon removed.
I had water in my ear so I used ear drops for swimmers ear. Now I can't hear and the drops are stuck in my ear.	I used some ear drops after I some water got into my ears after swimming but now I feel worse- I cannot hear and it feels like drops are stuck in my ear. What should I do?
I have a flu with dry cough and in the morning it's phlem. What cough syrup would be suitable? Also aches and probably a UTI so getting that checked.	Are there any over the counter cough syrups that can help me with my dry cough? I get phlegm in the morning and I feel achy too, but I think it could be because of a probable UTI for which I am seeing my primary in 2 days but I need some relief from this cough, it does not let me sleep.
I have a headache, dizziness and blurred vision and i just got into a fender bender, should I be worried, and what is this a sign of?	I was involved in a motor vehicle accident and since then, I have been having a headache, dizziness, blurred vision. Just worried if these could be signs of something concerning. Please help.
I have an awful headache, what I should do?	Is there anything that I can do to get some relief from this annoying headache? I usually get such headaches but this time, it is really awful!
I have asthma.  I take proventil (albuterol) but i still have trouble breathing--what can I do for this?	My sister who has asthma is complaining of trouble breathing. She has already tried albuterol but it has not helped. Is there anything else that she can try to feel better?
I have been having lightheadedness for a while. Would a CT of head and an MRI with contrast of brain detect blockages in arteries?	I am worried about blockage in my brain arteries because I have been having lightheadedness for some time. Can a CT of scan or MRI with contrast may help diagnose it?
I have had bad stomach cramp with a few diarrohea for last few days . Is it an ulcer or flu?	I have been having diarrhea and bad stomach cramps for the past few days. Are my symptoms due to ulcer or stomach flu?
I have just had loop excision of the cervix. What should I expect from the histology report?	I am a little worried about what's going on with my health. Recently, in my Pap smear, abnormal cells were noticed and my Ob/gyn has advised me LEEP (Loop Electrosurgical Excision Procedure) of the cervix and she said that some tissue will be sent for biopsy. I am not sure what I can expect from the histology reports? Does that mean I have cervical cancer?
I just binged on chocolate, but should I not eat the rest of the day to keep my calorie intake controlled?	I am trying to manage my calorie intake to lose some weight, but I just binged on chocolate, should I avaoid eating anything the rest of the day to keep my calorie intake under check?
I'm a teenager who is not sexually active, and recently I started to get pain when peeing just after ejaculating. It occurs right when I begin to pee then after that initial pain I can pee normally?	I am 18 years old healthy male and I am not sexually active. For the past few days, I have noticed that I get sharp pain when I start/ initiate passing urine and the pain subsides once I start peeing. I get similar pain after ejaculation also. Do you know what it could be?
I'm experiencing frequent throat clearing since using ozone air generator...My guru calls it a healing reaction...What are your thoughts?	I have a question... Do you think ozone air generator may give some allergic reaction and some irritatin in throat that needs frequent throat clearing or is throat clearing some healing reaction as proclaimed by some gurus?
I'm on the Depo-Provera shot. Not sexually active. When I wake up and stand up I have a rush of clear discharge. Is this normal?	Is it normal to have a gush of clear vaginal discharge on standing? I am on Depo shot aand I have not been sexually active.
I'm over 30 and I have acne only on my jaw line what can I do for it and could my husbands whiskers irritate and cause acne?	I am a 32 year old female and for the past few months, I have been getting bad acne mainly on my chin and jawline. Do you think my husband's whiskers might have irritated and resulted in acne? Is there anything I can try to make it better?
I'm snowed in and in the 4th day of an extreme sore throat, cough and possible fever. Swallowing is very painful, and the cough is constant tickle?	For the past 4 days, I have been dealig with bad sore throat with constant tickling and pain with swallowing. I have some cough and I feel feverish too. I cannot go and see my doctor because it's ben snowing constantly. Please help.
In a mental health program im on pass and i once again used opiates, my addiction to them is to strong  and don't know how to tell doc?Withdrawal suck	I need your help. I am in a mental health program and I am on a pass but I again used opiates. I just could not control, withdrawal symptoms are really hard to deal with! But I really want to quit opiates and I want to tell my doctor but I am not sure how to tell my doctor, can you please help?
I need to know if there is more than one type of achondroplasia?	Are there different types of achondroplasia?
Is a cbct or an x-ray good enough for a dentist to know if there is a need for a sinus lift in prep for dental implants(I'd go for a cbct anyway)?	My grandmother is going for dental implants and she has an appointment for CBCT. Do you think it is enough to know if she would need a sinus lift for preparing for dental implant or will she need an X-Ray as well?
Is hashimotos goitre always going to be there, or is this condition reversible ?	Do you think Hashimoto's thyroiditis is curable?
Is it contraindicated to insert a urinary catheter into a patient who has a myocardial infarction?	I am looking for some information- Is it safe to insert a urinary catheter in a patient with myocardial infarction or are there any risks involved?
Is it normal for the area where you got your stitches to be hard?	My stitches from the surgery feel hard, is it normal?
Is it possible to buy some ilosone (erythromycin estolate) without prescription?	Is erythromycin estolate a prescribed medication?
I splashed raw chicken juice in my eye last night with my contacts in. My eye is fine should I throw away my contact?	I was wearing contacts when the chicken juice splashed into my eyes last night. I quickly splashed my eyes with water and took off the lens. I was wondering if the contact lens can be used again or do I have to discard them?
Is salmonella a type of infectious disease?	I wanted to know if salmonella is an infectious disease or is it related to diet?
Is there a formal diagnosis for hypersensitivity to clothing?	Is there any medical term or diagnosis for hypersensitivity to clothes?
Is there a link between dry eyes and dry lips?	Do you think dryness of eyes and dryness of lips may be related?
Is there a medication to control my anger?	I am 18 years old and I feel I get angry over very small things and it has started affecting my relationships. Do you think it is a medical condition that can be treated with some medicine?
Is there any interactions between drinking soy milk and taking accutane? Can i drink it when I am on accutane?	Is it safe to drink soy milk when I am on accutane?
Is there something wrong if your cum or discharge comes out brown?	What does it mean if your cum looks brown? Is it concerning?
Is using an electronic programable stationary bicycle set for a moderate pace just as beneficial to the heart as taking a moderately paced walk?	Do you think moderately paced walk is better for heart health over an electronic programable stationary bicycle set for a moderate pace?
I take Yaz (drospirenone and ethinyl estradiol) bc and I missed the last 11 days I had unprotected sex could I be pregnant and could I miss my period the following month from missing pill?	I om on birth control pills Yaz and from my current pack, I missed 11 pills and had unprotected sexual intercourse. What are the chances that I can get pregnant and if I am pregnant, will I miss my period? Please help.
I took 4mg of Suboxone on tuesday cause I ran out of my methadone and was in complete withdrawl... I have a urine test on Monday 5 days later?	I have been abusing opioids in the past and my doctor prescribed 4 mg Suboxone to treat addiction. But I ran out of it and had to take methadone as I could not deal with withdrawal symptoms but I have a urine drug test on Monday, that is in 5 days, do you think it will show up in the drug test?
I used a condom for sex. I checked for rips and it was fine, no rips. If it doesnt rip is it pretty much a sure bet effectiveness against stds?	I am just worried about getting STD's. I wanted to know if I am safe from STD's if I used a condom during sexual intercourse and it did not get torn or did not rip off. Pleae help.
I've never been pregnant so its hard for me to distinguish signs and symptoms so could clear/whitish discharge be an early sign...Not itching or burning?	I am worried about pregnancy. I have clear white vaginal discharge. Is this a sign of early pregnancy? I do not have itching or burning in vagina.
I was at an ENT for another issue and he said my adenoids are pretty swollen. I'm 20 years old. Is this normal? I never went back to follow up.	I am a 20 year old male and I went to ENT for recurrent episodes of cold and he mentioned that my adenoids are swollen. Will the regess on their own and is it normal to have enlarhged adenoids?
Mild uncovertebral joint hypertrophy c5c6 eccentric to right; mild t-spine scoliosis, bilat pars defect l4, foram stenosis at l4l5 - is surgery needed?	I need your opinion about my condition. Here is a brief history- I went in for a scan of my back and the result says... Mild unconvertebral joint hypertrophy; C5-C6 eccentric to right; mild thoracis spine scoliosis; bilateral pare defect at L4; formaninal stenosis at L4 and L5. Do you think surgery is the only option to deal with this?
My 2 yr old daughter is regressing in speech. She had a seizure in dec. She has behavior problems (don't listen, acts out, mean, and ignores) why?	I am really worried about my 2 year old daughter. She had a seizure in December but now, I feel she has regression in speech and has some beahvioral issues like she does not listen, ignores me and acts really mean sometimes. I want to know what could be the cause of this change?
My 7 year old suffers from severe seasonal allergies and has been prescribed daily doses of antihistamine, can you suggest any natural remedies?	My little one is 7 years old and is taking antihistamine daily for his seasonal allergies. Can you sugest some natural remedies that can help her?
My boyfriends penis turned black and blue under the head of it last night after sex. There is swelling but no pain. It looks like blood blisters?	We are very worried because my boyfriend's penis seems to have blood blisters. His penis turned black, blue after sex last night. He says that it does not hurt but it does look swollen. What should he do now?
My child is a sore loser. Any suggestions?	I am really worried about my child- She getsangry easily and blames others for all her acts, feels like she is a sore loser. Is this a medical problem and should I seek any help from some psychologist?
My grandfather has lung cancer and has it in his heart. He hasnt been making a lot of sense and has been falling alot. The hospice nurse took him off diuretic meds.About how long does he have? I live in a different state and would like to be there?	I am worried about my grandfather. He has been hospiced for lung cancer which has spread to his heart. Recently, he has been losing consciousness and seems to be talking illogical. He has been taken off the diuretics. I want to know how much time does he have? I want to be with him in his last days.
My mom is about 75 yesrs old. Her BP and sugar r under control. Sometimes her urination frequency increases despite normal sugar. Whst could be problm?	My mother is a diabetic and is hypertesnive as well but her blood pressure and blood sugar have been under control for some time now but she complains of increase in frequency of urination, I am not sure what could be the cause.
On mini pill.  35 day cycle of last menstrual period.  4 day menstruation.  2 days after bleeding ended feel like i'm ovulating, ache in lower right.	I am experiencing some ache in my right lower abdomen and it feels like ovulation pain. My period just ended 2 days ago. I am confused if ovulation occurs while on mini pills and if ovulation can occur 2 days after the period gets over. I am on mini pills and I have 35 days cycle and my period usually lasts 4 days.
Please advise if it's normal or okay if i'm cramping during my fertile days ?	Is it normal to have abdominal cramps during the fertile days or when I am ovulating?
Please recommend the best beer to prevent hangover?	Do you know if there is any brand of beer that will not give hangover? I am going to my see my friends tonight and tomorrow I have an important meeting and I do not want to get hangover.
Please tell me what is adrenal disease and what causes these?	My uncle has been diagnosed with adrenal disease. Could you please explain more about the condition and what are the causes?
Posterior vitreous detachments eye-p.v.d., what is this?	I saw my eye doctor and he said that flashes in my vision are due to posterior viterous detachment. I am not sure what it is... Can you please help me?
Radiologist read my pelvic CT scan incorrectly I went in to ER for very bad pelvic pain and back aches. They ordered a no contrast CT scan of pelvis. The first CT scan report read right ovary is larger than left (i don't have a left) with somewhat heterog	I am a little confused. I think the radiologist in the ER ready my CT scan incorrectly. Actually, I went to ER for bad pelvic pain and back ache and the scan report read that may right ovary is larger than the left with some heterogeneity. But I don't have a left ovary. Do you think it is possible to see left ovary on a scan if I don't have it?
Should I use a cream of benzoyl peroxide or a soap?	I am looking for some good way to treat my acne. I have benzoyl peroxide ointment and an anti-acne soap at home. Which of these two do you think would be better for me?
Sir, my mom and i are unsure if i have herpes or a cold sore any suggestions??	I have developed a painful bump on my lips today. I showed it to my mom also and she thinks that it could be a cold sore. I have recently got sexually active and I do not wnat to get herpes. Are the cold sores caused by herpes and how I can be sure that the sore is not due to herpes?
Sometimes I dream when I am sleeping, but I am awake, and know I am, but dreaming too. Kinda like hallucinating. What causes this? How can I stop it?	I am not sure how to explain but sometimes, when I am dreaming in my sleep, I am aware of dreaming and I am not sure if this is hallucination or something else. Do you know what could be the cause and how I can stop this?
Still have a dry non productive cough nose stuffed but no fever and occasional headaches what should I do?	I have finished the course of antibiotic which was prescribed by my doctor but I still have dry cough, stuffy nose and occasional headache. The fever has subsided though. What do you suggest? Can I try something at home?
Stroke at 90 . At this stage, would a speech therapy help her?	My grandmother is 90 and she suffered a stroke recently. Do you think speech therapy can help her?
Well groups of people should not take aromasin (exemestane)?	Are there any conditions in which aromasin is contradictory?
What are the best remedies you know for treating a cold sore quickly without scarring?	I have a cold sore which appeared yesterday. I usually use acylovir orally for it but this time I need some quick fix because I have my prom in 3 days and I want it to go away without leaving any scar. Can you help me with some remedies to make it go away at the earliest?
What are the chances I will eventually get symptoms caused by my wpw? Left ventricular connection. Asymptomatic, diagnosed during a medical. Age20 male	I am a 20 year old male diagnosed with asymptomatic WPW. My doctor mentioned some connection with left ventricle, but I am not completely sure. What are the chnaces that I may develop symptoms due to WPW?
What are the treatment options for frequent urination?	I have frequent urination for the past 2 days, how can I treat it?
What can cause me to be lightheaded/dizzy?	I am a healthy 25 year old but for the past few days, I have been feeling lightheadedness and dizzy, do you know what might be the cause?
What can I eat before my colonoscopy? They told me clear liquids, but what does that mean? Coffee?s not clear, but they said i can have that. What about orange juice or soda?	I am undergoing colonoscopy next week. What all can I eat and drink before the procedure? Are coffee and orange juice considered clear fluids and is it okay to have them before the procedure?
What can someone do for heart disease?	I think I am hypochondriac and I am always worried about heart diseases. I was just wondering if I can do anything to avoid heart diseases and if I have any heart disease, can I take care of it at home?
What causes a 17 year old girl to experience pain and also a feeling of bubbles popping above the navel area?	I am a 17 years old healthy girl but for the past 2-3 days, I have been having dull pain around belly button and there is some weird feeling as if some bubbles are popping above my navel area. I wonder what could be the cause of this?
What effects can I expect from velcade (bortezomib) chemotherapy?	What are some common side effects that are expected with velcade chemotherapy?
What if delayed ejaculation is due to psycological reason? Is there any treatment	I have delayed ejaculation for which I went in for an examination and all the test results have come up negative. I haven't seen my doctor yet to discuss the results but I called his office the nurse told me that I might have delayed ejaculation due to psychological causes. If that is the case, is there any treatment for that?
What is a functional heart murmur and what precautions need to be taken with one?	My friend has been diagnosed with a finctional heart murmur, I am so worried about her.. Cn you please help me to understnd what it is, what causes it and is it life threatening? I am sorry for so many questions, but I also want to know if my friend needs to take some precautions.
What is the definition or description of: hyphema?	Can you please help me understand more about hyphema?
What is the life expectancy for someone with mixed connective tissue disease?	My grandfather has mixed connective tissue disease, I really love him a lot.. Is this a life threateing condition?If yes, what is the average life expectance of patients with mixed connective disease?
What is the prognosis and best treatment of DVT with pe?	I am worried that I have DVT and I am going to se my doctor. I just want to know how DVT can be treated and is it life threatening if there is PE due to DVT?
What is this rare disease called porphyria?	I am just curious to know what this rare disease called porphyria is?
What kind of diseases or isorders could cause both symptoms of hypothyroidism and juvenile idiopathic arthritis? Or is one a complication of the other	Is there any disease or disorder that can present with symptoms of both hypothyroidism and idiopathic juvenile arthritis? Are both these conditions related to each other?
What might cause a slightly dilated common bile duct when all of the other organs look good?	I saw my doctor and he mentioned that my common bile duct is slightly dilated. All other organs look healthy, I wonder what could be the cause of that?
What treatment do you suggest me to treat endometrium and ovarian cyst?	Just came back from our family doctor's office and he mentioned that my daughter might have endometriosis or ovarian cysts which are giving her heavy and irregular periods. We are still waiting for results of scan and blood work, but I wanted to know what treatment is usually suggetsted if she is diagnosed with these conditions?
When after a flight can deep vein thrombosis occur?	How long does it usually take for deep vein thrombosis to occur after a long flight?
When do you need to seek medical help with MRSA it's red swollen and hurt been kinda sleepy lately and nausea I'm a diabetic sugar been high?	I think I have MRSA, I have red swollen lesions on my skin and they hurt. I also feel a bit sleepy and nauseated. I am a diabetic also, do you think I should see a doctor in person?
When I eat food my throat tightens badly, seemingly from being twisted by a motility disorder. I also get chain spasms and chest pain. No acid reflux.	Whenever I eat, I feel tightness in my throat and I get chain spasms and chest pain. I never had acid reflux but I have motility disorder but not sure if it could be the cause of this discomfort.
When is it necessary to drink salt water?	Are there any conditions in which drinking saline water is recommended?
Whether cooking in coconut  oil add  or affect the cholesterol  and triglyceride levels?	My grandfather has been diagnosed with high cholesterol levels and we mostly use coconut oil for cooking. Do you think it is good for his health or do you think it can affect badly the cholesterol and triglyceride levels?
Which body parts can be donated after you die?	I want to donate my organs after I die, which body parts can be donated?
Why is it every time I eat my upper stomach above my belly button is always bloated and full?? Then eventually I will release gas and it stinks mostly	I have been dealing with an issues related to digestive system. I feel bloated and full after eating and get a discomfort mainly in upper abdomen, above the belly button and it gets better after releasing gas and the gas also stinks.
Why should I participation in an MS clinical trial?	I have been diagnosed with MS a year ago and undergoing treatment. Recently, my doctor shared about MS clinical trials in my area and asked me if I was interested in enrolling for clinical trails, but I am curious to know how these MS clinical trials are helpful? Do I think I should participate in these trials?
Would 176 RA IgM factor be considered a low positive for rheumatoid factor. What would be considered a positive level. My ccp level is normal.	I am looking for some more clarification about my lab results. My results say that RA IgM levels are 176, CCP levela are normal. Does that mean it is low positive for rheumatoid factor and what is considered as a positive level?
3wks postop GB removal.very nauseous, pain, and headache.getting an ultrasound tomorrow to check for fluids.could this be the cause?	My brother is experiencing nausea, headache and pain a month after his gall bladder was removed. I googled and read that some fluid collection around the operated site could cause similar symptoms. Is this true and will an ultrasound help detect it?
A friend and i were fooling around  one night and we are both pretty sure the only thing we did was oral sex...Is there any way i could be pregnant?	Can oral sex cause pregnancy?
Are fabric softener allergies immediate or can they appear a few months after using the softener?	I have been using a new fabric softener for the past one month and noticed some rashes on my hand. But, I also started using a new hand wash. How would I know if it is the fabric softener or the hand wash that is causing the allergy?
Are there blood test or ultra sounds to see if u have globus pharyngeus? Have what feels like a lump in throat directly under chin to the right.	How can globus pharyngeus be diagnosed? Can a swollen lymph node occur under the chin?
At times it stings/strikes me inside my head? Is it cause of sleep or cold or something else?	I have not been sleeping well for the past few days because of a cold. Can this cause a sharp striking/stinging pain in my head?
Can a man with impotence or erectile dysfunction ejaculate during sleep and have nocturnal emissions?	Do nocturnal emissions occur in men with erectile dysfunction?
Can anyone heal from solar maculopathy?	What are the treatment options for solar maculopathy?
Can gabapentin work for headaches caused by trimethoprim. I have started taking 100mg gabapentin daily for 4 days and trimethoprim 200mg twice a day.	I was diagnosed with a urine infection for which I was given Trimethoprim 200 mg to be taken twie daily. I have developed headaches because of the medication. Would it be safe to take Gabapentin?
Can having a milk allergy cause circles to form under the eyes?	I have circles under the eyes. The only thing that I have started doing lately is drinking milk, can this be causing an allergy?
Can weightlifting lower your immune system? Started yesterday for the 1st time in 7 months and the next day got a cold sore on lip	I got a cold sore yesterday after working out at the gym. Have you heard of something like this before?
Can you give me suggestions on good abdominal workout?	I have a lot of fat on my tummy, so I was wondering what  abdominal exercises targeting the tummy would be helpful.
Can you use emla (lidocaine and prilocaine) cream during the tattoo process?	Do tattoo artists provide a local anesthetic cream like emla?
Could you   get bird flu from a bird flying into your house?	How exactly does one contract bird flu?
Daily meth use for about 6-7 months. Best way to gain back weight, muscle and fat?	I have lost a lot of weight because of using meth for about a year. Is there anything else I can do apart from eating healthy to put on some weight?
Dizziness and light headed, what can cause this?	I have not been sleeping well for the past few days and it is annoying. Can this be causing dizziness and lightheadedness.
Doctor,  what is the average sperm volume of men in ml ?My husband's is 2ml.Is it too low volume?What is the average?	Hi doctor. Would 2ml of sperm volume be considered low? What are the normal levels?
Do diuretics take away your appetite and make you feel unsteady when you walk or stand up?	My grandmother was prescribed diuretics and she has started experiencing lower appetite and unsteadiness while walking. Are these expected side effects?
Do doctors have to do a biopsy to see if I have vaginal eczema or just a pelvic exam?	How will a doctor know if I have vaginal eczema? Would a pelvic examination be done or do they need a biopsy too?
Does muscle tenseness from antipsychotics go away after they are stopped? Do all other side effects go away or is the brain rewired retaining effects	My brother stopped anti psychotic medications about a week back. He wants to know how long it would take for the side effects to go away. He has always had some muscle tenseness owing to the medication but it seems to linger.
Effect of healthy food and junk foods, and what are those nutritious food,? . And impact of junk food, thank u	I am trying to lose weight and would like your suggestions on healthy foods to include and how exactly it helps to lose weight. I used to eat a lot of junk food so I am trying to cut that out. How exactly does junk food cause ill effects to health?
Excessive hair growth for a female? How much is too much?	I have been told that I have too much hair growth on my face. But I notice many others have hair growth on the face so I am not sure when it is concerning. Can you help?
Feeling naseous a week before my period and on bc normal?	I have been on birth control for a month and my period is due in 3 days. I have had some nausea for the past 2-3 days. Is it because of the birth control or could I be pregnant?
For the past few months, around the same time every month I get moody, irritable, bloated, fatigue cramps. These symptoms go on for about a week?	I have noticed that my sister has symptoms like being moody, irritable, bloated before her period occurs. Why is that so?
Freezing eggs at 24-25 years?	I read somewhere that some women freeze their eggs before the age of 30. Is that true and is it necessary?
Has anyone studied the positives or negatives of spanking?	Would you say it is necessary for a parent to spank their children?
Help please? I want to know what are side effects of of taking tesboosters at age 16?	Is it safe to take testosterone boosters before 18?
Hey my ferritin level is 14.8 ng/ml ... do I need to take iron supplements ?I look pale and my MCV level is 84.4 ?	What does a MCV of 84 and ferritin of 15 mean? Will iron supplements help if the levels are abnormal?
Hi docs, is it true that people are born with both male and female parts?	I read somewhere that every fetus is meant to be a female and then develops into a female or male eventually. Can you explain how that happens?
Hi doctors I am taking citalopram tablets 20 mg and having cold legs all the time any other medicines similar to citalopram side effect is worry me?	My friend wants to know if there is any medication that he can use instead of Citalopram that gives the same effect because he is experiencing cold legs since when he began the medication.
Hi im 18 and I would like to know what I would use or take to get taller?	Do you have some recommendations to increase height?
Hi.I went to cardiologist,did a ECG that shows st-t changes,did echocardiography and my heart its good but see some interruption. That's Bad? 27 years	Can you tell me if heart disease can pass from family? I have a history of anxiety and experienced chest pain. Went to the ER where an ECG was done. The doctor told me that there were some ST-T changes which is not very concerning but I am worried. Can someone get a heart disease at 27?
How can I deal with really bad morning sickness?	My sister is dealing with morning sickness and has been given medication. Is there anything else you can suggest to ease the nausea?
How can I get my eye to get better?	How can I help treat my eye and get better vision?
How can I get rid of a runny nose, itchy eyes, nasal congestion and frequent sneezing?	Would steam inhalation help with congestion, runny nose and sneezing?
How can I make my inverted nipples point out?	Are there any things I can try at home to make inverted nipples point out?
How can I stop pain from shaving my face?	Why does it hurt when I shave my face? Can I do something else for it besides shaving in the direction of the hair growth?
How do I get over my family issues before leaving for college?	Do you have any suggestions for how I can communicate with my family and sort out some disputes?
How high does a cooking temperature have to be to kill creutzfeldt-jakob disease?	How can Creutzfeldt-Jakob be killed?
How likely is a dermoid cyst going to be cancerous? Just had one removed	Are all dermoid cysts cancerous?
How long does acute bronchitis last in kids?	How long would it take for children to start feeling better after they have had acute bronchitis?
How much sleep shoulda 13 yr old girl get a night?Shes very active&is trying to get a flatter stomach.She weighs 84lbs&is 4' 11"	My sister is trying to lose weight and wants to sleep for a healthy number of hours. She is 14 and exercises, eats healthy. Would around 7-8 hours of sleep suffice?
How to take care of relapse of pulmonary edema?	Can pulmonary edema recur? Is there anything I can do to prevent that from happening? Even if it does occur, how can I treat it?
I am having a dull pain at my esophagus. Been burping a lot too. Feel slightly better if I take omeporazale. What should I do?	I take Omeprazole for excessive burping and pain in the esophagus. Do you have any suggestions to help apart from taking the medication?
I am struggling to gain one pound, do I have some kind of genetic disorder?	I have been trying to put on weight for the past 6 months. I have always remained somewhere between 150-155 lbs. I eat well too. But my weight has not budged even a little. My mom has always been thin, could that be the reason why I am not putting on weight?
I can only go between 1-4 hours without using the bathroom. Is there any way I can get it to hold more, what to do?	How do I control frequent urination?
If I have an astigmatism , could that be causing daily headaches? I do not wear glasses but i work on a p.C. All day and a lot of bright lighting.	I have a desk job and end up working on a PC the whole day. I have headaches everyday, can this be a symptom of astigmatism?
If i suffer the side effects of the morning after pill should I assume they worked ?	I used the morning after pill and had some bad side effects such as nausea, bloating. Does that mean that the pill has been effective?
If u have had giardia and had it treated, but your liver enzymes rose what could that be a indication of?	Are increased liver enzymes a residual effect of giardiasis even if it was treated with medication?
I had mucus in my stools and on own for 3 weeks and then i suddenly got sickness and diaherrea with fever and now back to mucus when wipe does it link?	Can mucus in stools, sickness, fever and diarrhea be significant of any medical condition?
I have a positive ANA 1:160 Homo pattern & RNP of. 3. Joint pain, limb numbness, skin indents stay for hours, bruising. No diagnosis. More testing?	My friend has some symptoms like limb numbness, joint pain, bruising and skin indents. The doctor asked him to get an ANA and RNP and the values are 1:160 and 3. The doctor is not able to come to a conclusion on what it is and I would like your opinion on additional tests that can be taken.
I have a twitching feeling and ocasional pain that comes and goes in the upper right abdomen right below my right breast what could this be? Few weeks	For the past few days, my upper right side of the abdomen has been feeling weird. There is mild pain under the right breast. There also seems to be some twitching. Can it be gastritis?
I have been having problems every time i eat i go poop and it is yellow and runny and my tummy feels weird in the middle it has I have diabetes	My son has been complaining of abdominal pain and runny stools for the past 2 weeks. This seems to occur whenever he eats and I also think he stomach ache. He has a history of diabetes.
I have being getting headaches for about 2 weeks, feeling really tired and fainted once which never happened before and loss of  appetite. what's wrong?	What conditions can cause headaches, dizziness and loss of consciousness?
I have endless heartburns through the day and it's making me feel weak daily, While at the same time ruining my appetite. Any ideas? Thank you	I have lost my appetite because of persistent heartburn. I feel weak because I do not eat much. Is there any medication that can help?
I have flu. I have no history of heart deceases. My heart rate is a bit higher as normal. Is it normal during flu, or is this a concern?	I heard that the heart rate can be higher when one has fever. I have a fever because of the flu, is it dangerous or is it expected because of the fever?
I hit my forehead against the edge of the microwave. Should i get it checked out?	I slipped and fell on the desk. My head got hurt and I now have a bruise over that area. Should I get it checked out?
I hurt my foot somehow but I don't know what is wrong with it. What do I do?	A heavy brick fell on my foot yesterday and it hurts. Should I go see the doctor?
I'm bleeding from penis for no reason. What could this be?	What are some causes of bleeding from the penis?
I'm having genital herpes outbreak, usuallly I take acyclovior. But pharm told me it might affect my ulcer. Any home remedies I can do to dry this up?!	My boyfriend has had a genital herpes outbreak. This is the first time he has had an outbreak. Does he definitely have to take medication like acyclovir for it or can he try some home remedies?
I'm having reoccuring eye pain and redness, what could be causes?	Can dry eyes cause pain and redness in the eye? If not, what are some other causes?
I'm having sulfur burps all day 3-4 times a week no gall bladder. I eat healthy. What could be causing it ?	I have had gall bladder removal surgery a year back and have noticed sulfur burps for the past 3 weeks. Could the surgery be causing it?
I'm so sick of getting so many pimples! what can I do?	Can cutting out on fatty foods help with pimples? I have quite a lot and would ove to try some home measures.
I m using dr dnp what are the side effects it?	Can you tell me what the side effects of using dr dnp are?
I recently had sex with my husband on my period and he ejaculated inside me and now I have been having painful cramping in my lower back and stomach.?	Is it not advisable to have sex during a period? I have read that it can cause infections. Is that true? Can infections cause cramping in the lower back and stomach?
Is it necessary to get the h1n1 or h5n1 flu shot?	How effective is the HINI and the H5N1 flu shot? Would you recommend I get it?
I started my period on sunday a little but on monday stoped I have a dot. Today is my 7day im feeling like I am still having my period but only dots.	What would it mean if I keep spotting instead of a proper flow when my period is due?
Is there any side effects or bad effect to the body drinking whey protein?	I have started working out oflate and my trainer suggested I take whey protein because I am vegetarian. Could there be any side effects because of this?
I think I have what they call bipolar, and i can't afford therapy. What can I do?	How can one manage bipolar disorder at home without therapy?
I've had a recurring yeast infection for years. How can I prevent them from coming back?	I have been diagnosed with recurrent yeast infections and have had this issue for a few years. Are there some home measures I can try to prevent them from recurring?
I've had eczema on my face since october for the 1st time. Could it be from the makeup brush cleaner made of alcohol that I'm using or my foundation?	I started using a new foundation after which I noticed eczema on the face. I have no similar lesions elsewhere. Can the foundation trigger some kind of negative reaction on my face?
I was told i have serve hypothyroidism now my handskeep feeling like they are asleep my feet hurt really bad and have dry skin on feet is it thyroid?	My sister was diagnosed with severe hypothyroidism and is on medication. For the past one week, she has had weakness in arms, dry skin on the feet and pain in the feet. Is this something to be worried about?
I woke up with eyes crusted shut. What should I do it really hurts?	Can conjunctivitis cause crusting of the eye and pain? How can I treat it?
Just found out mother-in-law may have tuberculosis after an x-ray. She held our 9-week old baby last week. Should we be worried?	Is a 9 week old baby more prone to catching infections like Tuberculosis if they are touched and held by an infected person?
My 16 months son has ethyl malonic aciduria, which kind of fats that harm his health (saturated or monoun saturated fat) ?	Is it true that certain kinds of fats would be harmful when one has ethyl malonic aciduria?
My almost 3 month old has been crying during his feedings. Almost every feeding time he cries.	Why would a 2 month old baby cry and refuse feeds every time? He is on formula
My fasting sugar was 136 or 7.5.  This is high.  So,  is this the reason I get vomitish every morning? Thanks	Can a high blood sugar level cause vomiting?
My left testicle is lower and horizontal position while my right testicle is higher and vertical position. Normal?	Is it normal for one testicle to be lower than the other one?
My legs become numb to the point where I can not walk. It happens sometimes when I move quickly or carrie something very heavy. What can this be?	Over the past 2 weeks, my wife has been complaining of inability to walk when she carries something heavy or moves quickly owing to numbness in the leg. Can it be nerve related?
Need expert help. I am thinking of using peppermint oil capsules to calm my ibs, is this a bad idea?	Are there any published studies on the effect of peppermint oil on IBS?
One week ago tonight I threw up several times, no diarrhea or stomach cramps. Slept for the rest of the next day. Still no energy!!! Appetite is back.	I have been feeling extremely weak and as if I have no energy at all. I am eating normally now but had several episodes of vomiting last week. Could the vomiting be causing my weakness now
Past couple days my eyelids are twitching. What may be the cause? Just slight spasm.	Is twitching of eyelid and mild spasm concerning? Can excessive use of the laptop cause this?
People who have had liver transplant due to cirrhosis (latest stage), do they always develop an hepatic aneurysm?	My father had an end stage cirrhosis for which he has to undergo a liver transplant. Can hepatic aneursym be a post operative complication?
Please help, 27 w/ ED for the past year 1/2 started with problems once in a while to now can't stay erect while masturbating. Will cialis stop working?	I am 27 and have been on Cialis for ED for about 2 months now. But I notice that the symptoms are worsening and I cannot achieve and maintain an erection. Is it normal for this to happen while on medication?
Please suggest best antibiotics for higher wcb and crp. It is due to gall bladder surgery and removed from my daughter?	What antibiotics can be used for an infection cause by gall bladder removal surgery leading to higher WBC and CRP for my son?
Please tell me what can they do about acne holes on face?	Are there any topical ointments that can be used to treat holes on the face caused by acne?
Purple fluid filled sack on scalp grew over several months, popped when squeezed. Resembled skin tag. Concerned of cancer. Nothing for doc to check?	Can a cancerous lesion on the scalp present with symptoms such as a fluid filled sac occurring over many months with some discharge?
Rcently prescribed Lumigan 0.1% IOP concern about burning in eyes called the Doc and Doc does not take calls. What to do? Next appt in a week?	Is burning sensation in the eye expected after using Lumigan 0.1 IOP? Should I go see the doctor immediately or wait until my appointment next week?
Regarding my last question. Everytime i take oxycodone, i become very sensitive to sound. A person talking is too loud. Even no migraine. Known se?	Does oxycodone cause increased sensitivity to sound? I have been experiencing this for a while, it feels like someone is talking loud.
Severe gastroparesis throw up everyday. Mostly liquid diet. How do I ensure I'm getting theb right nutrients to be as healthy as possible?	Will I be getting as many nutrients as needed if I take only a liquid diet but throw up everyday because of gastroparesis? I am worried about my health.
Strange or scary Ambien (zolpidem) side effects?	My doctor prescribed Ambien for sleep issues but did not explain any of possible side effects. What are some?
Ultrasound says liver measures 15.7 CM in length, is that normal size?	What is the normal size of liver that is measured on an ultrasound?
Walked somewhere yesterday in skinny jeans. Left testicle started hurting. Hurts when I touch it. Never happened before. I am very healthy.	My left testicle has been hurting yesterday since when I walked for a long time. Can standing or walking for a long time cause testicle pain?
Was treated for chlamydia with doxycyline at 2 months after possible exposure, could I have asymptomatic PID and not know it from the infection?	Can an STD like chlamydia cause PID even if treated with doxycycline? Does PID always present with symtpoms?
Was writing and my fingers got all weird like Charlie horse and tendons tight. What should I do?	What can cause weakness and tightness in the tendons  of the hand? Should I see a doctor?
Watery eyes been usimg restasis for a month I've tried refresh which caused discomfort what eye drops do you reccomend to stop the eyes from watering ?	What eye drops would help in stopping watery eyes apart from Restasis and Refresh?
What are side effects of cyclizine 50mg?	I have been experiencing dry mouth and diarrhea for the past 1 week. I have started taking Cyclizine about 10 days back. Could these symptoms be a side effect?
What are some good lumbar strain exercises?	Can you suggest some exercises for my lower back? I had a lot of back ache and my doctor diagnose me with a lumbar strain.
What are the elements of a good exercise routine in pregnancy?	Can you recommend some safe exercises to do during pregnancy?
What are the side effects of zoloft (sertraline)?	I have been on Zoloft for about a week now and have some nausea and dry mouth. Are these some known side effects? What other side effects can come up?
What are the signs of having frostbite?	Can you tell me how frostbite is caused and what are the symptoms that one has it?
What can I do about adrenal gland tumour and what are the symptoms?	Is excessive sweating and weakness a symptom of adrenal gland tumor?
What can I do to naturally abort a baby? I live in the philippines and abortion is illegal here. Any vitamins that can probably drop the baby? Help me	I have heard that eating papaya and taking Vitamin C tablets will help abort a baby. Is that true?
What can I give my 13 teen year old sore throat headache?	My daughter is 11 and has been complaining of throat pain and headache. I gave her a Tylenol. Is there anything else you can suggest?
What does EKG saying t wave flat mean?	I am preparing for a project and I am learning a little about EKG. Does a flat T wave mean that the person has had a heart attack?
What does it mean if I have only a partial tear of my pcl?	What are the symptoms of a partial tear of PCL?
What does it mean if some people who have gilbert's syndrome develop anemia?	Is anemia a common effect of Gilbert's syndrome?
What does lymph node with echo -gene center means? What can cause Swolling of these type of lymph nodes.	Is there any particular cause for swelling of lymph nodes with echo gene center?
What do we do if my bf has been w someone w hpv? We haven't had sex yet. I've had the 3 gardasil shot	Will a woman definitelty get HPV if she has sex with an infected partner? Does the Gardisil Shot prevent it?
What do you suggest if I'm 27 I have the problem of sperm ejaculation as soon as I insert my penis. How to control it?	Have you heard of a young male having premature ejaculation without any trigger factors? What would you suggest?
What do you suggest if my husband has been prescribed metoprolol to reduce his heartrate, which was running over 100 bpm.?	Is a heart rate of 100 concerning? Also are medications like Metoprolol safe to take to bring down the heart rate?
What inanimate objects make you calm when you see them?	I feel very overwhelmed at times and watching a fountain helps, do you know of any other inanimate things that can help bring on a calming effect?
What is a?Multi cystic pancreas?	My neighbor was diagnosed with multicystic pancreas but literature says it is very rare. Is that true? What exactly causes it?
What is an anti-nuclear antibody test for in immunology?	I was asked to get an ANA test because the doctor suspects I have lupus. What is that test?
What is micturition?	My doctor asked me if I have burning micturition. I did not understand what exactly he meant, can you help me with that?
What is ovulation and when will female ovulates?	I have recently become sexually active and have heard that I should avoid having unprotected sex during ovulation as it can lead to pregnancy. Is that true? How can I know when I would ovulate?
What is the bone spur surgery recovery time.?	I was diagnosed with a bone spur and underwent surgery about 2 weeks back. I still have some stiffness, is this expected during the recovery process?
What is the difference between a gastric sleeve and the Roux-en-Y surgery?	My friend has a BMI of about 45. Would the gastric sleeve surgery work better for him or the Roux-en-Y surgery?
What is the recovery for endoscopic sinus surgery and septoplasty like?	I have to undergo endoscopic sinus surgery and septoplasty. How long would it take for me to return to work?
What tips do you have for designing an effective workout / nutrition plan?	Can you share some suggestions on how to workout and take proper nutrition to lose weight?
What to do if I am worried about my 2 year old son having a holter monitor test. I don't know what to expect.?	What is a Holter monitor used for? Would they do that for a child? How is this test performed?
What to do if I cannot stop eating fatty foods. How can I stop?	My husband is on a diet but he keeps going off of it by eating fatty foods. He also seems to have a fatty liver on ultrasound. Can you suggest some ways to help him stick to his diet?
What to do if I have problems regarding my fistulectomy?	My sister got a fistulectomy done and seems to have some issues like bleeding. Should see see the doctor in person?
What type of daily vitamin or mineral should a normally healthy 23 year old male be taking?	I am a healthy 20 year old man. I eat healthy and work out regularly. Do I need to be taking some additional vitamin or mineral supplements even if I seem to be eating healthy?
What would cause T3 (liothyronine) levels to be abnormal,  but tsh/t4 are normal? I'm not pregnant.	What are some conditions that can cause abnormal levels of T3 but normal levels of T4 and TSH? Can pregnancy also cause it?
When does a doctor use a large needle to stitch with?	Do large wounds require a large needle to stitch?
When i close my eyes and so tired (trying to sleep) suddenly random thoughts come to my mind like a very fast dream.should i worry?	My mind races a lot when I try to sleep. Is that concerning?
When I have my shoes on or off i feel like sand is under the bottom of my feet along with s tingling sensation?	What can cause tingling sensation under the foot?
When I was thinking about something that made me feel depressed and stressed out, I felt my heart flutter, what does this mean?	I experience heart flutters at times, can depression or anxiety cause this?
Which is better for children to boost their immunity after illness 7seas tablets or minadex multivitamin syrup?	How does Minadex multivitamin syrup and 7seas help improve immunity in children? Can I give my daughter both or one of them?
Why do I cough when I eat salt or salty foods?	I have been experiencing cough oflate. When I thought back on what causes it, I realized it occurs when I eat salt or salty foods. Is that possible?
Why do women with preeclampsia have nausea and abdominal pain?	Can preeclampsia have a direct effect on my baby? I ask because I have abdominal pain and am worried if it is affecting my baby. I also have some nausea.
Why is it that some nutrients bypass the liver entirely?	Does the liver absorb all the nutrients?
Why is it whenever I eat meat I get an upset stomach and a lot of bad gas? Is this an intolerance? Are our bodies really not meant to digest meat?	I read an article that the human body was not designed to eat meat and we should primarily be eating only vegetarian food. Is this true? Some people seem to be complaining of bloating, gassiness after eating meat. Does that happen?
Why people with runny nose tend to have cracked lips?	Can cracked lips occur in case one has a runny nose?
Will having lipomas in lower back affect an epidural or spinal block given before having a csection?	Would a lipoma prevent smooth administration of epidural or spinal anesthesia before surgery?
Would you say it is scientifically possible to get the flu from the flu shot?	Are there instances of a person getting infected with the flu after taking the vaccine for the flu?
21 f on birth control, period started late, period lighter than normal, pain in my belly that's not normal, been tired a lot more lately. what wrong?	I am a 21 years old female on birth control. My period has come in late and is lighter than normal. I also have abdominal pain and excessive tiredness. Is this normal?
26yo F. HIDA scan showed 23% function of gallbladder, no stones. Have had pain for 3 years- should it be removed?	Should I get my gall bladder removed when I have pain for 3 years and HIDA scan showed 23 percent gall bladder function with no stones?
After having sex once I don't feel like doing it with her again why is that so ?	Why do I experience decreased libido only with a person whom I had intercourse before?
Anal fissure has been bleeding a lot for a week now. Started steroid cream treatment one day ago. How long will it continue to bleed a lot?	How long does bleeding from anal fissure persist after applying steroid cream?
Any effective home treatment for allergies that I can do?	Any home remedies that can help to manage allergies?
Are there good OTC remedies for labyrinthitis?	What over the counter medications help with symptoms of labyrinthitis?
Both of we are carrier and our first baby has hb e beta thall. We are interested about our 2nd baby.Is there any genetic treatment? Please advice...	What is the treatment at the genetic level as we both are carriers and our first child has Hb e beta thalassemia and now are trying for a second baby?
Can AST and ALT levvels rise due to a root canal prroceddure?	Does a root canal procedure cause the AST and ALT levels to rise up?
Can I take B12 shots if I have high blood pressure? Thanks in advance.	Can people with high BP take Vit B 12 shots?
Can I take my antibiotic an hour early its penicillin 500mg 1 tablet every 12 hours?	Can Penicillin 500 mg be taken an hour early?
Can people be born without color blindness then get when they get older. I know that people with good vision can go bad, is it the same thing?	Can color blindness develop later in life? Is it the same as developing refractive errors?
Can u test positive for hsv1 and 2? What does the blood test prove if u never had a symptom?	Can you test positive for HSV1 and HSV2 at the same time and what is looked for in the blood when one undergoes a blood test?
Could a varicoselectomy or an inguinal hernia cause epididymitis?	Can epididymitis be caused because of a varicocelectomy and inguinal hernia?
Could brushing your teeth too hard cause fatal oral diseases?	Can you get oral diseases because of brushing too hard?
Could you write me a doctor's certificate so I can resit my music exam? Jammed my finger, blood blister formed and got so swollen that nail lifted off	May I get a doctor's note so I can skip my music exam? My finger got jammed, there is a blood blister and swelling.
Dads HbA1C was 6.2 at 21/1/2015, he made diabetic diet: HbA1C was 6.0 at 4/4/2015, can he now check HbA1C again?	How often should one check their HbA1C?
Does boiling a hot dog reduce its sodium?	Does the sodium content in a hot dog come down when one boils it?
Does calcification in thyroid nodules mean that you have cancer?	Does it mean that one has cancer if they have calcification in thyroid nodules?
Does taking 5 htp help reduce the adrenaline hormone in the adrenal glands?	Can the  adrenalin levels come down when one takes 5htp?
Do gmos have any effects on type one diabetes?	Do GMO's help to in the management of Type 1 Diabetes?
Do people with testicular cancer feel the pain come and go?	Does testicular cancer present with pain?
Foods to treat low alkaline phosphatase?	What foods help to manage alkaline phosphatase?
Had a cyst on my bottom. MRSA. Doc gave me doxycycline for 10 days. Cyst drained & doesn't hurt. Finished meds. Is it out of my system? Do I go back?	I was prescribed Doxycycline for 10 days for MRSA cyst. The cyst darined and it no longer hurts. Does it mean that the infection is cleared?
Have spells where I feel like my foot is going an inch lower than the floor, slightly dizzy but not horrible. Also have tinnitus for a yr. What is it?	What is the cause of dizziness, tinnitus, lack of coordination while walking?
Hi, 3.71 x 4.35cm mixed echogenic mass in fundal part of uterus implies what pls?	What causes a  3.71 x 4.35cm mixed echogenic mass in the fundus of the uterus?
Hi there are you able to help.me please Dr. Eric Kelts? I think I have a trapped nerve and its traveling from the bottom of my back down my legs, which I think may be siataca I'm not quite sure but I'm in agony. Cant move at all with my back! I struggled	Can Sciatica present with severe pain that travels from the lower back to down the legs along with restriction of movements?
How are batteries chosen to be put in pacemakers?	How are the batteries selected that are put into pacemakers?
How can I lose weight? I'm a 17 years old girl, weight: 170 lbs and height: about 6 feet	What helps with weight loss? I am a female weighing 170 lbs with a height of 6 feet
How do I 'force' grow a beard in a certain area? I want to make a 'goatee' style but all I have is chin hairs and small beard. Is minodoxil good?	Does Minoxidil help with beard growth?
How do I talk to my doctor about incontinence?	What questions to ask my doctor regarding incontinence?
How do you contact worms from pets? I saw a few white things in my b.M. But not everytime. How can I get rid of them? What are the symptoms?	Can one get worn infestation from pets? What are the symptoms and treatments of worm infestation in humans?
How do you safely remove a swimmer with a possible head injury from the water?	How do you safely remove a swimmer out of water who has a head injury?
How harmful is a yeast infection if not treated?	What are the complications of a yeast infection if it is not cured?
How long after a aneurysm surgery do you have to stay off work?	What is the recovery time after undergoing surgery for an aneurysm?
How long does the implantation bleeding last? Is is as heavy as normal periods?	How does implantation bleeding present?
How often should I get my custom  orthotics  evaluated and replaced & have Flat feet/ 1fallen arch. Advice  for 5K run/walker to avoid injury?	How frequent should I get my orthotics  for flat feet checked and replaced? What is the advice you can give me to avoid injury during a 5k run?
How should I increase my weight? I am 20 years old having 62 kg weight and my height is 5"6'	What helps to increase weight in a 20 year old weighing 62 Kgs and the height being 5'6''?
How to improve sexual energy.?	What helps in improving sexual energy?
How to loose bellyfat? please provide specifics, i..e type of exercise, duration of exercise, etc.	Which exercising regimen help to loose belly fat?
How to make my body fit? I am always facing problem with my weight-gain. what should I do?	I have been gaining weight and what can help to make my body fit?
I am a pediatric Hodgkin's lymphoma survivor. I have developed horizontal double vision. I have an ophthalmology appt. How worried should I be?	Should I worry if I developed horizontal double vision after being diagnosed to have Hodgkins Lymphoma in the past?
I am thinking of getting a tattoo currently I am on the following medication. Effient 1 a day temsig 50mg 1/2 day ramipril 2.5 1 a day aspirin 1/day is it advisable to get a tattoo as I have 2 stents and have had a heart attack in the last 18 months?	Is it okay to get a tattoo when I am on Effient, Temsig, Ramipril, aspirin with a history of having 2 stents and a heart attack in the last 18 months?
I do unprotected sex with a prostitute after 28 days I go for hiv duo test the result is non reactive 0.07 is it conclusive?	Is a HIV duo test at 28 days after exposure accurate?
If a mother has celiac should the daughter be tested?	Should a daughter be tested for Celiac if the mother has been found to have it?
I feel like my food doesn't digest & I feel like I have to constantly throw up?	What is the cause of nausea and vomiting? Does this mean that my food is not digesting well?
I had intercourse today and I've been bleeding kind of heavily since then and I'm not on my period. But my period isn't regular either. It didn't pain?	What is the cause of heavy bleeding after intercourse with no pain and with an history of having irregular periods?
I have a pea sized bump on top of my wrist. It's kinda hard but also soft when i touch it. It moves with my tendon. Midly irritating.	What is the cause of a hard pea sized lump on the wrist which moves with the tendon?
I Have a tiny lump on the upper left side of my back. I have had it for about 2 months now. It is like a little grey spot. So please help.?	What can cause a tiny lump to come up on the upper left side of the back? It is like a grey spot and has been there since about 2 months now.
I HAVE DIMPLING ON MY NIPPLE, CURRENTLY HAVE AN IRREVERSABLE TUBAL HAD MY LAST CHILD ALMOST 6 YRS AGO, WITH A COUPLE OF PAINLESS LUMPS ALONG BREAST UP?	What causes dimpling on the nipple along with a few painless lumps in the breast tissue? My last child was 6 years ago and I had a tubal ligation done.
I have headache please suggest?	What is the cause and treatment of a headache?
I have mild pressure/tightness on forehead & face all the time, for 8 years. I feel better only when I bow my head looking on floor. What could it be?	What is the cause of tightness/pressure on the forehead and face that gets relieved only when I bow my head down?
I have very high prolactine because of a puritary tumor and I'm on antidepressants too. Is there some correlation?	Is there any correlation between having high prolactin because of a pituitary tumor and being on antidepressants?
I hit my head on the car door and have a small bump. 24 hours later I have a bad headache. Could I have a concussion?	Can I have a concussion if I hit my head on the car door and have a bump and now 24 hours later developed a headache?
I hurt my knee and heard a pop and now it hurts to go up and down stairs and hurts when walking on it or to move it certain ways should I see my docto?	Should I see my doctor if I heard a pop in my knee after an injury and now it hurts to go up and down the stairs and hurts to walk on it?
I just started my period 2day & just started gettin a real bad headache, sore throat, body aches & chills. Could it be from my period r a cold?	Are the headache, sore throat, body aches, chills due to a cold infection or because of the period I am on right now?
I'm 19, doctor checked cervix, developed abnormal cells, maybe HPV warts, getting more tests, been with boyfriend 2 years can I still have unprotected sex?	Can I engage in unprotected sex with by boyfriend with whom I have been with since 2 years if I have abnormal cells on my cervix?
I'm 24. My cholesterol is 354 and am class 3 obesity and am now working with a dietician and my doctor. I also have osteoarthritis. What more can I do?	What is the treatment for a cholesterol level of 354 along with class 3 obesity?
I'm 27, female. I use hair removing lotion for pubic hair. What can I use to prevent or treat the itching pimples of when hair grows back?	What helps with itchy bumps that come up when hair starts to grow back after removing them with a hair removing lotion?
I'm 48 years old and I dont have frequent erections but I do take blood pressure meds plus cialis is there any help for me or is it all in my head?	I am 48 years old and I want to know what can help me because I have erectile dysfunction? I am on blood pressure medication and Cialis already.
I'm 5-9 160 pounds how do I gain weight fast and healthy in 1 month I want to gain 20pounds or more?	What is the fastest and healthy way to gain weight?
I'm a young MTF and I want to start hormone replacement therapy. Is aldactone (spironolactone) 100-mg/day a good choice?	I am a MTF and looking to start HRT. Can I start off with aldactone 100 mg/day?
I'm having bad headaches with cold sweats neck pain and nausae and pain behind the eyes	What causes recurrent headaches, cold sweats, neck pain and pain behind the eyes?
I'm having way too many heart palpitations (heart thumps really hard every 2 minutes) I'm only 22 years old. Never had a history of heart problems.	What causes recurrent episodes of palpitations with no previous history of having heart conditions?
Im not sure if im pregnant. Took 2 test one + with very faint blue line other - .. Fatigue, severe headaches. Nausea.. Dizziness. But painful help?	Can I be pregnant if one test showed a faint line, another test was negative along with symptoms like severe headaches, nausea, dizziness?
I normally wash my hair 1 * week because it's very dry I take isotretinoin. Will have washing it in 9 days instead of 7 make it fallout more?!	Does washing the hair once in 9 days instead of 7 days cause it to fall out when one is on Isotretinoin?
Is a four week negative HIV antibody test / negative PCR test reliable?	Are negative HIV antibody test, negative PCR test at 4 weeks accurate?
Is atherosclerosis hereditary?	Is there any heriditary influence in the development of atherosclerosis?
Is blood pressure of 124/66 OK? My blood pressure is normally 110 /74. I'm feeling edgy and wired right now at 2 am.	My usual BP is 110/74 and I want to know if 124/66 is normal because I am feeling edgy and wired right now?
I shared food with people I don't know too well, eating from same plate. Have a canker sore. Chances of contracting oral/genital herpes?	What is the chance of contacting oral/genital herpes by sharing food from the same plate?
Is it better to take aspirin at night or morning to prevent heart attack?	When is the right time to take aspirin to prevent heart attacks?
Is it normal for the stomach to increase in size after receiving cpr?	Does a CPR cause the stomach to increase in size?
Is it normal to get a cystocele on first pregnancy at 27w? Not overweight.  Stand and sit for long periods of time. Is there harm to baby?	Is having a cystocele during the first pregnancy normal and does it cause any harm to the baby?
Is it safe to soak my earrings in rubbing alcohol (ethyl 70%) everyday before putting them in & putting them in right after?	Is it safe to soak my ear rings in rubbing alcohol before putting them on?
Is mental illness like bipolar hereditary?	Does bipolar disorder have any hereditary influence?
Is rapid /hard heartbeat normal followed by adrenaline rush even if in bed seems random its happening more often now its been happening for years	Does frequent and random adrenaline rush cause increased heart rate?
Is there a cure for yeast infections because my blood is so thin I have risk for internal bleeding?	What is the treatment for yeast infections? I am asking this because my blood is thin and I have a risk if internal bleeding.
Is there an effective way to determine if you caught a venerial disease?	What is the most effective way to determine if one has a venerial disease?
Is this still in healing process or it could be a scar. What should I do? Do I need an check up appointment or I have to wait mo I had treated age spots 2 1/2 weeks ago with liquid nitrogen. The scabbing fell off in 5 days. Now, the treated spots turned	Is the wound healing well and can it turn into a scar? Do I need an in person check up for this?
I think I have a bunion that is very painful and it's too late for me to go to a store. Are there any common household items I can use to help for now?	What at home remedies can help with pain due to a bunion?
Its 3am and alot is on my mind. Im discouraged because IV been in college for a yr and have completed only half of what most students have done. My dr?	I feel discouraged and has not been able to sleep well because I am not able to cope with college like others. Can you please help me?
It's hard to work out in the winter. I like running outside but too cold and too much snow. Any tips and how to lose weight in the winter time?	How can I lose weight in winter since I cannot go out for runs during the times when it snows?
I've been getting swollen red hands mostly in the morning. I noticed I sleep hard on my hands is this something to be worried about?	Can sleeping hard on the hands cause swelling and redness?
I was taking 20mg Prozac (fluoxetine) and increased to 30mg daily this month . Should i take all in the morning or or divide at breakfast and lunch. Eventually i plan to move to 40mg daily . When should I increase?	Should Prozac be taken in divided doses throughout the day or all at once?  What is the maximum daily recommended dosage of Prozac?
I wear glasses, sometimes I don't wear them, either way my vision at night time is wrose off then day time, does that mean anything?	I am an adult male and my vision at night is worse compared to the day time even when I am wearing my spectacles. What does this mean?
Low pottasuim ? What number do you have to be? An can I take over-the-counter medicine?	What is the normal level of potassium in the body and are there any OTC medications to help correct low potassium levels?
May I use a tampon one week after a medical abortion? I am finding conflicting information online....	Can I use a tampon for the bleeding one week after undergoing a medical abortion?
Me and my wife are trying for baby from past few months but getting negative?	What are the causes of infertility? Me and my wife are trying to have a baby since the past few months.
Might it happen that a severe infection plus poor nutrition cause hair loss?	Can hairloss be caused by a severe infection and poor nutrition?
My 5 yr. Old daughter had a urine test last week and they found a trace of blood, calcium is 2.4 and creatinine is 3.3, should I be concerned?	Should I worry if my 5 year old daughter had some traces of blood in her urine with a calcium level of 2.4 and creatine level of 3.3?
My 7 mth old son fell off the back if a couch and hit his head on the concrete floor. How should I treat the swelling? When will it go down?	What helps to reduce the swelling that has come up on the head of my 7 month old son after he fell off the back of a couch?
My back hurts on my right side?	What causes back pain on the right side?
My bm aren't solid but not quite loose. Looks more like for lack of better word "shredded" the why is this?	What causes stringy and shredded stools?
My eyebrows and hair fallout a lot and my eyebrows don't grow back atall or grow really fast. I even used rogaine (minoxidil) to grow my eyebrows &didn't work.	What can help with eyebrow hairfall when Rogaine does not help?
My eyesight is bad in one eye its -0.5 and in other -0.75 how to improve my eye to the normal eyesight without specs ?	What can help to improve eyesight other than spectacles? Eye sight is -0.5 in one eye and -0.75 in the other eye.
My heart rate is normal during the day but gets faster when ever i sleep why?	What is the cause of heart rate to get elevated during sleeping?
My moms uncle and his daughter both had leukemia at 65 and 54 years old. He had aml and she had apl. What would cause this? Genetic?	Does genetic play a role in the causation of Leukemia particularly AML and APL?
Occasionally a blood vessel in my lower leg ruptures & it stings, a lump forms that is very painful to the touch & appearance of a bruise.?	What is the cause of occasional rupture of a blood vessel in the lower leg leading to bruising, formation of a lump that is painful to the touch?
On the top right side of my head, I have this random pulsing feeling? Like someone is tapping their finger on this one small spot. It's not painful.	What causes a pulsatile feeling on the right side of the forehead?
Painful rash on right buttock spreading. Causing lymph soreness on groin and overall soreness on right side and leg.	What is the cause of a painful rash on the groin that causes lymph node soreness and soreness in the leg?
Penis extender or jelqing? Which is better for enlargement?	Which is better for penis enlargment between penis extender and jelqing?
Planning a healthful pregnancy with diabetes! What do I need to do and when?	What do I need to know before planning a pregnancy with a history of diabetes?
Please tell me what is it called when your back locks up?	What is locking of back called as?
Severe migraine for a week and pain deep in ears too. What causes the deep ear pain within migraines?	What causes ear pains along with migraine headaches?
Should I ask to be put on a Statin at my checkup tomorrow? My cholesterol was very high and I'm sure it still is.	Does statin help with high cholesterol?
Should i get a flu vaccine or are there negative side effects?	What are the advantages and disadvantages of getting a flu vaccine?
Should I remove a bullet if it's still inside?	Should a bullet be removed if it is still inside?
Tinnitus 35 yrs. Quiet till breakdown May.Squealing. Up and down.ENT dr thinks stress is cause.Good sign noises vary so.Treatstress and it will recede?	Can stress cause Tinnitus in a 35 year old? Also, can controlling stress cause the Tinnitus to subside?
Was recently diagnosed with crohn's, thinking about switching to a vegetarian lifestyle. Is it possible since raw veg/salad are a already a problem?	Does switching to a vegetarian diet cause any problems in people having Chrons?
Wdoes mecca root pikls make ur buttocks grow bigger and if yes why did i loose inches of my hips n butt when i started taking the pills?	Does Mecca Root pills cause weight gain or weight loss especially in the hip and buttock area?
What are considered the safest prescription pills for high blood pressure/hypertension?	Which blood pressure medications are considered to be safe?
What are some of the risk factors for getting High blood pressure?	May I know what are the risks of having high blood pressure?
What bodily factors affect heart rate?	What factors influence heart rate?
What can you do if you can't get the contact lens in at all?	What is the correct way to use contact lens?
What causes a high red blood cell count it's at 19 and ESR is high, TSH 1.25 never been so low anti thyroid at 9 was 900 prev?	My RBC count is high, ESR is high, TSH is at 1.25 and anti thyroid at 8 which was 900 previously. What causes the levels to be like this?
What causes underdeveloped breasts in a woman with pcos? Current biochem abnorm are high LH vit d defic, sometimes low estro and prog. Testos normal!	I have high LH levels, Vitamin D deficiency, normal testosterone and low esterogen and progesterone and I want to know what is the cause of underdeveloped breasts in a women with PCOS?
What could increased levels of oestrogen do to me?	What is the effect of increases estrogen in the body?
What do I need to do after trying to conceive for like 8 month now and there is no good result for second child?	Me and my wife are trying to have a second baby since the past 8 months now. Can you help me?
What do you suggest if my son has cerebral palsy, school does not have room for him or lvn for his meds?	What is the advice you can give me for my son who has cerebral palsy since his school is not taking him in?
What do you suggest if my son was just diagnosed with a heart murmur. he just turned 3 and I thought murmurs were diagnosed at birth?	What is the next plan of action for my 3 year old child who has been diagnosed to have a heart murmur?
What foods should be avoided if you have genital herpes?	May I know what foods should one avoid if they have genital herpes?
What happens if HPV goes away on its own, can it still be spread?	Can one spread HPV even when the immune system clears it off completely?
What is alpha 1 antitrypsin deficiency and what are it's effects on the body?	What are the symptoms of alpha 1 antitrypsin deficiency?
What is overdose magnesium to take by mouth? I took 200 mg Is this too much?	What is the recommended dose of Magnesium to be taken orally?
What is the medicine of high blood pressure?	Which medication helps with high blood pressure?
What kind of bacteria or viruses does a semen culture detect or look for?	Which bacteria and viruses can a semen culture detect?
What's a heart murmur?	Can you please tell me what exactly a heart murmur is?
What should I do for prematurely grey hair?	Can you please share some remedies for premature greying of hair?
What to do if I am having prk done , so while I'm on my recovery stage, should I have my place temperature at a certain degree?	What is the ideal temperature during recovery after having PRK done?
What would happen if someone mixed femara (letrozole) with human growth hormones?	What are the drug interactions between Letrozole and HGH?
When i get heart burn my eyes start burning as well and its very uncomfortable. Why and how can I treat it?	Why do my eyes burn when I have heartburn? What can help with that?
Which listerine is best for cavities?	I have cavities and which listerine is best for it?
Why does my left hip almost every night? I get up scraming with it. It goes from my hip bone around front of my leg and ends at my knee .	What is the cause of left hip pain that radiates down the leg to the knee?
Why does my tongue hurt so bad?	What are the causes of tongue pain?
Will I still have baby after heart attack?	Can I have a baby after having an heart attack?
Would a shattered scapula take longer to heal than a compound tib fib fracture?	Which takes longer to heal? A shattered scapula or a compound fracture of tiba and fibula?
After a 3 days of influenza (flu) w/ fever took ibuprofen and acetaminophen it have left me with a back burning sensation. No problem during peeing. ?	Is back burning without any urinary pattern changes a common side-effect of taking medications like Tylenol and Advil?
Ana 160:1 with u1rnp 5 u/ml. Other lupus screens negative. Pulmonary hypertension, Renal failure reverses with bicarbonate (sodium bicarbonate). Can it be mtcd/sjogren?	Can renal failure and pulmonary hypertension from Sjogren be reversed by injecting Sodium bicarbonate?
Anorexic frail with irregular heartbeat?	Can being underweight cause an irregular heartbeat?
Any best multivitamin brand which is good for seborrheic dermatitis and candida overgrowth??	Can you suggest a multivitamin supplement brand that can help control my seborrheic dermatitis and candidiasis?
Any recommendations for an ointment for hand foot and mouth rash on a 2 year old?  She's energetic but a little uncomfortable with rash on arms/bottom	My toddler has a rash on her arms and buttocks. Is there something I can use on the rash to make her feel better?
Any suggestion i got injection benzapenecilin  2400000 and now feel worthier than before , i got cold  ?	I was injected with penicillin 2400000 and suddenly feel cold. What do I do?
Are Sympathetic Nerve Blocks effective at calming the sympathetic system which causes angina and migraines? If not, why not? Would seem logical.	Does an active sympathetic system cause angina and migraines? Wouldn't nerve blocks help in such cases?
At night when I use my phone or pc, it becomes somewhat blurry. Why is this?	What do you think causes me to have blurry vision when I use electronic devices at night?
Blood pressure is 140/88. Little high? I'm 25.	For a man in his 20s, is BP of 140/88 normal?
Bright red spotting &period due in 6days. Had lght spottng 4 past yr mid cycle. Last month period lasted 12 days. 44 yrs old. Worried. Hormones?	I am in my 40s and think I am going through menopause. I have frequent spottinga few days before and even after my period over the last year or so. My period also lasts for longer than usual. What do you think it is?
Can dementia cause ANS dysfunction? If so how?	How can dementia cause ANS dysfunction?
Can I tell me how I can keep my materialism up when my not eatting?	How can I feel energetic even when I am not eating well?
Can laser eye surgery cause pain during the process?	Is an eye surgery through laser painful?
Can micro dermabrasion hurt?	Is microdermabrasion painful?
Can somebody give me advice I have knee pain(locking) for 5 months now?	What can cause knee pain for 5 months?
Can someone die from an enlarged heart on xray?	Is an enlarged heart on X-ray deadly?
Can you advise me translate my MRI results?	Would it be possible for you to explain my MRI results to me?
Can you call me at 908-405-0112?	My phone number is 908-405-0112. Would it be possible for you to call me?
Can you get abdominal adhesions from a laparoscopic bilateral hernia repair?	Is abdominal adhesions a common side-effect of a laparoscopic bilateral hernia repair surgery?
Can you guys tell me how advanced does lung/bronchial cancer have to be?	When is lung/bronchial cancer considered advanced?
Diabetic macular edema can be cure with acupuncture?	Can acupuncture therapy help treat eye complications from my diabetes?
Does anyone know what can cause severe leg pain in both legs especially at night?	Why am I having severe pain in the legs at night?
Does a woman's virgina itch if she has sex with a man who has prostate problems?	Can I get vaginal itching if I have sex with a man who is experiencing prostate problems?
Does chiropractic medicine help people with back problems?	Would seeing a chirpractor help me with my back problems?
Does excessive masturbation over a long period of time cause back ache?	Is back ache a side effect of excessive masturbation?
Does ovarian cancer cause leg numbness and foot swelling?	I have been diagnosed with ovarian cancer. Can that cause my leg to feel numb and swollen?
Does the dad or the mom carry the height gene for a daughter?	Who passes the height genes to a female? Is it the dad or the mom?
Does using a foam roller build muscle or relax muscle? What impact does it make?	How does a foam roller work? Is it to relax the muscles or does it help tone them?
Does weight loss is natural during breast feedind?	Is it normal to lose weight during breastfeeding?
Father has psoriasis and psoriatic arthritis, I also have joint pain. Does that mean an autoimmune disease will pass on to my son as well?	Can psoriasis be passed on in the family? Can a person inherit it from their grandparents?
Feeling a little shaky, nausea. Not diabetic, but have a glucose meter. Meter reads 75mg 3 hours after eating a couple almond cookies. Is this normal?	Could shakiness and nausea be from a low blood sugar like 75 mg/dl? I ate a cookie 3 hours ago.
For what reasons might any surgeon choose a stomach stapling over a lap-band surgery?	Is a stomach stapling procedure better than a lap-band surgery?
Had liver failure, drs cannot pinpoint source; developed ascites.  How can I improve my liver and kidney function naturally? No meds.	Do you have any ideas as to how I can improve my liver and kidney function if I have a failed liver?
Have a bump on right side lip of my vagina stings and itches so bad when I sit down it stings more I didn't have sex in year what can it b?	I noticed a bump on my right labia, which has been hurting and itching, worse when I sit down. I haven't had sex in a year. What do you think it could be?
Hello i noticed I have a small black dot  on my gum the mark takes up the surface area of the very tip of my gum tissue.The part looks like a triangle?	What could cause a small, blackish dot at the tip of my gums?
How can a DHT blocker affect a female user on birthcontrol?	How does a DHT blocker affect the actions of birth control?
How can I address a gambling addiction?	I am addicted to gambling. What do I do?
How can I control my PP sugar level...Fasting is controlled. What extra edge I need to do to control it. Am eating meds, walk and eating also controlled?	I am diabetic and overall my blood sugar levels have been in control except the one after eating. Do you have any tips on how I can keep that more in control?
How can I reduce my triglycerides levels. I had a kidney removed in 2010 & my levels have gone up. I am vegetarian and follow a really healthy diet.	Is there a way to reduce triglyceride levels besides, followig a healthy diet? Could having one kidney removed cause this problem?
How can I slow hair loss in the middle front of my hair?	Any tips on how to slow down hair loss in the middle of the scalp?
How can you test cholesterol levels?	Can you tell me which tests look for cholesterol?
How is a medical exam used by the insurance company?	Why does an insurance company ask for a medical exam?
How long does it take for sleeping meds to get out of your system? How long does it take anesthesia had to get out of your system.	How many hours does it take for anesthetic medications to get out of your system?
How low can hemoglobin go before you need a transfusion?	At what Hemoglobin levels, is a blood transfusion recommended?
How much time or how far do I have to bike ride to lose weight?	How long should I be biking on a daily basis to lose weight?
How prevalent is low testosterone for men ages 30-50?	Is low testosterone common for men between 30-50 years of age?
How to cure Hernia Discale? What kind of exercises shall I do?	Can you share some measures, like exercises that can help with a herniated disc?
How to live if you hate your life and your too afraid to die?	Can a constant fear of death make it difficult to live a normal life?
How to lose tummy fats?	How can I look slimmer from the tummy area?
I am 5/1 and 185 pounds I have hip problims so I don't exersise what is my waite loss options I am 45years old?	I am overweight, and unable to exercise due to hip conditions. Do you have any other tips for weight loss?
I am a male 21 yeas of age there is a small painless lump about 1 cm in my groin area this is at the point where my inner thigh connects with my groin?	What can cause a small, painless lump at the groin crease in a young adult?
I am convinced that at this moment Maxalt (rizatriptan) not working. My head feel so much worse. It hurts to move it, just to walk. Does Maxalt (rizatriptan) not work when PMS?	My headache is getting worse, now it has gotten to the point where it is painful to move. Can having PMS prevent Maxalt (Rizatriptan) from working properly?
I believe I have the Flu and I have been vomiting, green and yellow. I also have a fever. I am 27.?	What could be causing additional symptoms like green and yellow vomiting when one has the flu?
If I only have 10 minutes to work out, what can I do?	Can you tell me a few quick exercises that I can do in 10 minutes?
If someone was treated in the past for chlamydia, is there a way for doctor's to find out with out having to retrieve medical history?	Can a doctor find out if you have been treated for Chlamydia in the past without knowing your medical history?
If your number two is hard and dark what does that mean?	What can cause a hard and dark stool?
I get very lightheaded quite often. Could it be because I am anemic?	Could feeling lightheaded and dizzy be due to anemia?
I had a low placenta and bled twice big around 1 am. Was that coincidence?	Can sudden heavy bleeding be cause by your placenta lying low?
I had back surgery 3 years ago and left with numbness in right leg and hip area. Could this treatment help me? L3-5 fusion with hardware	Can L3-5 fusion with hardware help alleviate leg and hip numbness after a back surgery 3 years ago?
I had two emblic strokes from endocarditis in 2012 ive had unbearable headaches for 3 years 24 hours a day what test would you recommend i have?	Could constant headaches for years be a result of embolic strokes due to endocarditis 7 years ago? Is there any testing that you suggest to confirm this?
I have a hard small lump, under my skin anterior to my tragus, also have had extremely bad headaches-so bad they wake me in the middle of the night. ?	What could be causing a small, hard lump in front of my ear? Would a sudde headache in the middle of the night in addition be something to worry about?
I have a lesion on my lower lip since last week and has not healed! I moisturize it to prevent cracking but now I have smaller bumps on upper lip!	I have a sore on my mouth that refuses to heal, although I moisturize the area regularly. Today, however, I noticed a few small bumps on the upper lip. What do you think caused this?
I have an iron deficiency and I'm not diagnosed but I pretty sure I'm anemic. I just want to know if spots of broken blood vessels could be a symptom?	I think I have anemia from my iron deficiency. Can this cause red spots anywhere on the body?
I have a purple vein in the left side of my penis.It reaches the foreskin before disappearing.It just appeared yesterday.What should I do ?	I noticed a prominent purple vein on my penis. Is this normal?
I have been seeing my periods every 2 weeks for numerous months, i used to be very regular, & I am a lot heavier please can u help?	My period has lately been quite frequent, literally every 2 weeks. The bleeding has also been quite heavy. What do you think is going on?
I have big boobs and my nipples are not out. My nipples comes out when i'm cold or when i touch them. Is that normal for my nipples to pop out?	Is it normal for my nipples to get more prominent if I am feeling cold?
I have chronic hep C. A Dr I don't usually see prescribed metronidazole 500 mg for a bacteria infection. Should I be taking this with the liver issues?	Is it safe to take Metronidazole 500 mg when one has liver disease such as Chronic Hep C?
I have had a head cold with congestion, I got a Rx of zpak I and took the lad dose today but for the last 4 days my left ear has felt clogged.	I have noticed clogging of my left ear for the last 4 days. I have been diagnosed with a common cold that also caused congestion. Thereafter, I was treated with Azithromycin, my last dose being today.
I have hypothyroidism. Recently my extremities are constantly cold and my limbs fall asleep easily. Could this be another autoimmune disorder?	Can hypothyroidism cause the limbs to feel cold or numb sometimes? Or is this something more serious, like an autoimmune disorder?
I have psoriatic arthritis and also have fibromyalgia.  The weather seems to have an effect on how much pain i feel. What do doctors think about this?	Can weather worsen pain from psoriatic arthritis and fibromyalgia?
I have stage 4 chondromalgia in both knees with stable varicose veins in the left knee as well and right paracentral disc protrusion in t8-11 meaning?	Can you help me understand my results? It says" Stage 4 Chondromalacia in both knees with stable varicose veins in both knees along with right paracentral protrusion from T8-11."
I'm 26 and get constant, multiple times a day hot flashes. I sweat very easily and have had a major appetite decrease. High anxiety, poor sleep.	I am in my 20s and here to discuss a few symptoms I have been facing. I have noticed hot flashes multiple times in a day, excessive sweating, loss of appetite, anxiety and difficulty sleeping. What do you thinking is causing this?
I'm 42 female with lower back pain what could it be?	What could cause low back pain in a 40 year female?
I'm a female age 29. Have pain by my belly button on and off. More recently have problem having a bum but only when pain is present. Possible hernia?	I am a 29 year old female. The area around my belly button has been hurting on and off. But, recently, I have also noticed a swelling that shows up along with the pain. Do you think it could be a hernia?
I'm stressed about being pregnant and my period started getting light and short, could my stress cause this?	Can stress cause the period to last shorter? Or am I pregnant?
I often get cysts in my neck. How can I make them stop.	Any ideas on how to stop these cysts from forming on my neck?
I quit smoking. How many years until my lungs are clean?	How many years after quitting smoking do the lungs get back to normal?
Is a fast heartbeat normal after taking methylprednisolone?	Can methylprednisolone cause my heart to beat really fast?
Is a two day period with light cramps normal? I usually have it for 3-4 days with very bad cramps. Could i be pregnant?	Could a pregnancy cause a very short period lasting 2 days wth very light cramping?
Is cirrhosis of the liver cancer?	Is liver cirhosis a type of cancer?
Is hydroderm for jock itch?	Can I use Hydroderm for itching in the genital area?
Is it possible for a teenager to have really bad stomach acid? It's gotten worse and I usually avoid trigger foods  but lately even antacids won'thelp	Is it normal to have gastritis during your teens? The pain is getting worse even though I avoid the usual trigger foods.
Is it possible for common antacids to neutralize the acid that plaque produces and causes cavities?	Can antacids help prevent cavities?
Is it possible to cure cataract without a lens implant but with corrective lenses?	Can only corrective lenses without an implant cure cataract?
Is there a way to lose my lower belly fat and see abs?	What can help me lose abdominal fat to make my abs more prominent?
Is vaginal itching normal during ovulation?	Is it normal to feel itchy in the vaginal area when one ovulates?
Itopride hydrocloride is this a helpgul medication?	How would Itopride Hydrochloride help me?
It's only three it doesn't hurt I might of thought I had touch something it's kind of pink I'm not sure it's freaking me out?	There is no pain on the area except the pinkish color, but it causes me to worry. Is this something major?
I've had a bilateral neck dissection for thyroid cancer in 2011. My neck has been swollen for 3 years. Should I see a lymph node specialist?	I had neck surgery 8 years back, however, my neck has been swollen for 3 days. Would seeing a lymph node specialist be the next step?
I've had swellings that have reoccurred on my labia majora thrice or so, but now I have a reddish roundish little sore. I'm not sexually active at all.	Is it possible for one to have sores or swelling on the vaginal area even if one is not sexually active.
I wear a nightly mouthguard currently, but i was wondering if any damage from bruxism is reversible over time (does enamel heal)?	Can destroyed enamel from bruxism regrow? I have started wearing a night guard recently and wanted to know if things could go back to normal?
I workout pretty hard and recently my knee has been clicking when I walk down stairs or try to do any leg exercises. No pain. What could this be?	I have noticed a clicking of the knee joint whe walking downstairs. Surprisingly, there has been no pain. What is causing this?
Just received news I have on old compression fracture causing me pain now what can I do to alleviate pain because my doc said nothing they can do?	I just found out that it is a compression fracture that is causing the pain. Is there anything I can do to ease off the pain?
Lately I have been getting these weird bumps behind my ears and inside my ears. Does this mean anything medically?	What could be causing bumps behind and inside my ears? Is it something serious?
Legs feel like something is crawling on them but there's nothing. What is this weird feeling?	Why do I get this feeling that there is something crawling on my legs?
Light headed high fever headaches and body aches. Fever is 103 what could this be and what should he take?	Can you share some simple remedies to help deal with light headedness, body ache and a high fever?
My 5m old has fever, runny nose, cough, and diarrhea. Should I bring her in?	Would it be wise to take my almost 6 month old daughter to the ER for a fever, runny nose, cough and diarrhea?
My beard is growing back in, and it's itchy with red bumps. Besides conditioner, is there anything I can do for the itchiness and red bumps?	I think I have an ingrown hair problem with my beard area. What would you suggest I use for the itching and red bumps that happen due to that?
My dad has a lump on his bicep just slightly after the crease of his forearm. Its no longer as bruise and it never cause him pain but the lump remains?	What could be the cause of a painless lump on the forearm without any noticeable injuries and no change in size? I am here asking about my father who is 40 yrs old.
My friend is also on nuva ring. What happens if she washed her ring with really hot water cuz she's stressing out about it.?	Would washing Nuva ring in hot water interfere with its effectiveness?
My jaw makes a popping noise when I chew. Is this serious?	What can cause a popping sound in the jaw when one chews?
My lower back is making me feel painful all the time. Is there a way to cure this. Will playing badminton and going for diving make it worst?	Would my lower back pain be worsened by playing sports?
My period is a week early and heavier then usual what could that mean?	What can cause an early period with heavy bleeding?
My red blood cells stay around 5.6-5.9 all the time. Hemaglobin always between 16.9-18.0 and hematocrit always between 50-55%. Is this dangerous?	What can cause my RBC count to be between 5.6-5.9, Hb 16.9-18.0 and hematocrit somewhere around 50-55%?
My stomach is always making rumbling noises, whether or not I have just eaten. I never have much gas though. Noises are very loud. What is this?	What could be causing my stomach to make loud noises whether or not I am hungry?
Okay so i'm on bc and I have had sex (it hurts) i'm bleeding brown and my vagina hurts almost itchy but it hurts?	I noticed a brown discharge and itching in my vaginal area to the point that it hurts. I am also on birth control and have sexual intercourse. What do you think is causing this?
Periodic numbness in left arm that comes with short chest pains and me gasping for air. All conditions come and go. What's going on?	Why do you think I have been getting these chest pains on and off with numbness in the left arm?
Period over 4 days ago. But Period alike (like) tingle and bit of cramps now.  Nothing major. Is this Bcoz of HPV I have? Does it cause pain? CIN1 too	My period is 4 days late and all I am experiencing now is cramps and some tingling. Can this be because of HPV?
Please help me with fibromyalgia ptsd bipolar and high anxiety?	I have diagnosed with fibromyalgia, PTSD, Bipolar disease and even anxiety. I feel worried by this. Can you help me?
Pushups - should hr or BP drop first? for me the hr drops quick but neck still pulsating very hard so is that dangerous to have low hr and high bp?	What is causing me to feel pulsations in my neck while working out? I have also noticed that my HR drops during this time but the BP is still high. Can you explain how this works?
Side effect of prolixin (fluphenazine)?	Can you tell me what side-effects to expect with Fluphenazine?
Tuborous sclerosis. Which insurance covers laser treatment for angiofibromas? Best treatments for angiofibromas? Laser treatment is ineffective.	How to permanently cure angiofibromas. I have tried laser, and it hasn't helped much.
What are the contra-indications of lasik?	When can one not get a laser eye surgery done?
What are the main signs of staph infection?	How do I know if I have a staph infection?
What can cause cancer underneath the eye?	Are there any factors that can trigger cancer to form below the eye?
What can I do for a dislocated jaw?	Can a dislocated jaw be treated at home?
What causes kidney stones ?  Is it in the genes or diet	Does the tendency to get kidney stones lie in the genes or the diet?
What does it mean to have low ts4?	I have been diagnosed with a low T4. What does it mean?
What does it mean when everything smells and taste the same	Why am I not able to distinguish the different types of tastes and smells?
What if I strained my hamstring but I can still walk? Something definitely popped in my hamstring but I can still walk im a hockey player	I think I have a hamstring strain while playing hockey, but I can still walk. Is this normal?
What is a good site for answers to dental problem? Ada or is that just party line?	Is ADA a good resource for answers to common dental problems?
What is it if you get spots on your legs that look like liver spots but they're black?	What can cause black spots on the legs?
What is the cause of back pain? Lower Right side to the middle. Really bothering. Nothing changes in life style. Have lower abdominal discomfort too	What do you think could be causing right sided low back pain along with abdominal discomfort?
What is the definition or description of: Lyme disease vaccine?	Can you give me more details about the vaccine for Lyme disease?
What is the normal body temperature for a male?	Is there a range for normal body temperature?
What is the use of the drug lovenox (enoxaparin)?	How is Lovenox used?
What should I consider before getting an intrauterine device?	Are there any contraindications to getting an intrauterine device?
What to do if I have stones in both of my kidneys one is a 7mm. If I just leave the stones alone will they?	Do small kidney stones, about 7-8mm get cured if left alone?
What to do if I'm beginning to have the 'turkey neck' problem. Do you know of any flex exercises that might help me?	Would you have any ideas on what could help with a "turkey neck" issue?
What virus causes swelling of the brain?	Can a virus cause a swelling of the brain?
When I watch my girlfriend bad words/insults come to my mind and I have to replace them with good ones. There is often words in my mind.Can it be OCD?	I feel hatred towards my girlfriend when I see her and can think of abusive words, which I consciously replace with good ones. Is this a symptom of an OCD?
When should I see a doctor for my toddler's fever? It's been around 103 all day and has peaked at 103.7. No other symptoms.	My 3 year old has had a fever hovering around a 103 for most of today? Is this something for which I should see his pediatrician?
When should someone think about having an arthroscopy of the knee?	Why is arthroscopy of the knee done?
When you lose weight, when does it plateau?	Once you start a weight loss regimen, do you lose weight consistently or does the rate of weight loss slow down over time?
Which are the top machines and work outs for cellulite on the butt and thighs?	What exercises help reduce the appearance of cellulite on the buttocks and thighs?
Why am I having collapsed lung after heart surgery?	Can a collapsed lung be a complication of heart surgery?
Why are my lips always peeling?  What should I use as a good moisturizer?  Vaseline and  carmax does not work (of course).	Can you suggest a good moisturizer for chaffed lips?
Why do my ears "pop" when I am weight lifting?	Is it normal for ears to pop if one lifts heavy weights?
Would you test for leukemia with chronic 15 WBC, low hematocrit, early satiety, fatigue and muscle weakness and malaise¿ Neg for "usual suspects"?	Would leukemia be suspected with elevated WBC for long, a low hematocrit and symptoms like early satiety, fatigue and muscle weakness?
About 8 weeks pregnant had vaginal bleeding like small period yesterday for 1 hour then was only light brown spotting passed blood clot. Feel fine. Miscary?	I am 8 weeks pregnant. I noticed vaginal bleeding like a light period yesterday for an hour and it was followed by brown vaginal discharge with a blood clot. I don't experience back ache, cramps and I feel fine but I am very worried. Did I have a miscarriage?
After a hysterectomy do you start menopause imediately?	I am scheduled for hysterectomy next week. I have a lot of questions and anxiety about it. Does menopause start immediately after the surgery?
After car accident my leg and foot are numb and I have pain in my knee. Is it serious?	I met with a car accident recently. I have numbness of leg and foot with knee pain. Is it serious?
After septorhinoplasty, (Im almost 4 weeks post op) how do you know if a residual dorsal hump is swelling or otherwise? Does the Dr. Really even know	I underwent spetorhinoplasty 4 weeks ago and I notice a hump on my nose. How do we know if the hump is due to swelling or otherwise? Can the doctor determine the same with a physical exam or tests?
Any tips on how to get my hair to stop falling out and start growing from stress? I had a large test I took at beginning of June stress from that	I have excessive hair loss due to stress. I got tested at the beginning of June. Any tips on how to deal with this hair loss and to grow back my hair?
A patient with COPD was receiving 12.5mcg of fentanyl. The gp double this dose to 25mcg. The patient died two weeks later. Is there any correlation?	My aunt had COPD and she was on 12.5mcg fentanyl. Her doctor doubled up her dose as her symptoms got worse and she died after 2 weeks. Do you think she died due to the overdose of fentanyl?
Are braces considered a cosmetic?	I was advised to be on braces by my orthodontist when I consulted him for jaw pain. He said my teeth were not aligned properly, that caused strain on jaw while chewing food. I don't want to be on braces. I always thought braces are used only for cosmetic reasons, isn't that true?
Are food intolerances like msg and onion permanent?	I experienced severe pain abdomen, bloating 2 days ago after eating food, that has msg and onion. My doctor said I am intolerant to those and that I should avoid it. I really liked that dish and I want to know if I won't be able to eat it again. Is the intolerance to onion and msg permanent?
Are surgical steel and surgical grade actually same thing?	I have a surgery scheduled this week and I was doing a little research on it. I came across terms 'surgical steel' and 'surgical grade'. Can you tell me if both are the same?
Are there any quick home remedies for slight belly ache and headache?	I have mild abdominal pain and headache for last 2 days. I have an important meeting at work today and I need this to subside quick. Can you suggest a few home remedies for relief?
Are there any side effects I should worry about if I have my 9 year old son use Milk of Magnesia (magnesium hydroxide) as a deodorant?	My 9 old year son uses milk of magensia (magnesium hydroxide) as a deodorant. What are the side effects on using it as a deodorant?
Blocked ears, runny nose and dry throat symptoms of hayfever or common cold?	My ears are blocked and I have runny nose and dryness in throat. I think I have common cold but I am worried I have hayfever. Can you tell me what could be the cause of my symptoms?
Blood in urine, pain in flank. No burning, frequency. Bladder polyps or kidney stones?	I have been experiencing flank pain for last 3 days and noticed blood in urine yesterday but no burning sensation while passing urine or increased frequency of urination. Do I have kidney stones or bladder polyps?
Can contact dermatitis cause cutting of the vagina?	I have contact dermatitis in vaginal area and I recently noticed cuts with mild bleeding in my vagina. Is it possible for contact dermatitis to cause cuts in vagina?
Can dental sealants be safely removed if there is decay under them without the use of a drill? If so, how will it be done?	I have tooth decay and I got dental sealant on my tooth but I want to get it removed. I am wondering if that can be done safely without using drill. If yes, can you tell me the procedure of its removal?
Can eating fast really make one fat?	I put on some weight in last 2 months and I am wondering if eating fast can cause weight gain. Is that true?
Can ibs calm down at night then kick in in the day?	I have IBS and recently, I notice that I experience symptoms only in the day and subsides at night. Is it typical of IBS?
Can tuberculosis cause microscopic hematuria? I have cough for more than 3 weeks and microscopic hematuria	I have been coughing for over 3 weeks. I got tested, that showed microscopic hematuria, does it indicate tuberculosis?
Could you tell me if my thumb is blue, swollen and I can't move it dose that mean its cracked?	I hurt my thumb today while playing sports and I am not able to move it. I'll share a picture of my thumb. Can you tell me if it looks blue, swollen and if I broke my thumb?
Could you tell me what are melanocytic lesions?	I noticed a dark brown spot on my 1 year old son's thigh yesterday. I got worried and did a little research on it. Can you tell me what are melnocytic lesions exactly?
Day 2 with tender,bloated,bruised feeling,hurts when I stand,move around,laugh or sit. lower abdominal/pelvic area. no uterus taken out 1yr ago.	My lower abdomen/pelvic area has been aching a lot on staning, moving around, laughing or sitting for last 2 days. It has been tender, bloated associated with bruise sensation. I underwent hysterectomy a year ago. What could be the cause of my symptoms?
Diverticulitis cause lower backache?	I have severe lower back ache but no lower abdomen pain, nausea, abdomen tenderness. I am anxious about diverticulitis as my mom has it. Do you think my lower back ache is due to diverticulitis?
Does anyone know about hCG levels associated with a partial molar pregnancy?	My doctor said I have partial molar pregnancy as my hcg levels are through the roof. Can you tell me what parameters and what levels of hcg indicates partial molar pregnancy exactly?
Does drooping of the mouth come on quickly or slowly?	I sustained a head injury last month in an accident. The test reports came back normal but I noticed mild drooping of angle of my mouth on one side last week, that seem to have got worsened a little. It could just be my anxiety but I am worried. Does the drooping of mouth occur quickly or progressively and slowly?
Does lung cancer always effect oxygen levels.	I have lung cancer and my oxygen saturation test showed 92% but it was 96% a couple of months ago. Does lung cancer affect oxygen levels?
Does time matter during ovulation ?	I took ovulation prediction test yesterday morning, that showed positive but negative on taking it last night. Does the time of test matter?
Do you have to take antibiotics prior to gyn exam if you had tkr. I know you do this before dental exam. Wondering?	I underwent total knee replacement a couple of months and I was told to take antibiotic medications before my dental exam. I have a gynec exam scheduled tomorrow and I am wondering if I should take antibiotic medications. Any thoughts?
Feeling down, tired of life, distressed, some sleep disturbances during working days, some weight gain and have rare suicidal ideation. Am I depressed?	I lost my closed one in an accident recently and I feel very low, tired of life, distressed. I am not able to sleep well at night and I feel drowsy at work, that disturbs my routine life. I gained weight as well and I think of commiting suicide sometimes. Do I have major depression?
Frequent unbearable leg cramps, what is the fastest way to relieve pain?	I have repeated intolerable leg cramps for last 2 weeks. Can you help me with remedies for a quick relief?
Had pruritus for 2 weeks. Went away but now I have abdominal and right flank pain. Could it be gallstones?	I have abdominal and right flank pain. I had itch all over my body for 2 weeks, that went away. Do you think I have gallstones?
Heavy clotty period for 2 days then 3 days later I started bleeding again after sex. I have been feeling pressure in abdomen, I also had a fever ?	My period was very heavy with blood clots, that lasted for 2 days. After 3 days, I noticed bleeding after intercourse. I have been experiencing pressure in abdomen and fever ever since. I never had anything like this in the past. What could be the cause?
Hello doctor, i feel numbness and diziness in my haed and neck pain, pls help me ?	I have been feeling numb and dizzy with neck pain for last 3 days. What could be the cause?
Hello sir! I hav a skin Color pimples in my vagina lips! Is dat any problem? I'm really scared!	Hi! I noticed skin colored bumps on my vaginal lips this morning and I am very scared. What could be the cause of these bumps?
How accurate are the doctors measurements of the baby to determine baby weeks, due date, conception, ovulation etc...	My OBGYN said I am 8 weeks pregnant after an ultrasound scan was done but according to my period date and cycles, I should be 9 weeks pregnant with a different due date. Can you tell me how accurate is this calculation based on the baby's measurements on scan?
How bad is olive oil in your diet?	I was under the impression that olive oil is healthy and started using it ever since I started being on a diet for weight loss. I recently came across an article, that said olive oil had equal number calories as in any other oil. Can you explain how bad is it to use olive oil in diet?
How does a boil look tender?	I have a tender bump on my pubic area, that probably developed after I shaved the area a couple days ago? I will share a picture, can you tell me if it looks like a boil?
How does mitral stenosis affect the heart?	I was diagnosed with mitral stenosis a couple of months ago and I am worried a lot. What are the changes, that occur in heart due to mitral stenosis?
How does qcarbo16 work, I see people using it to pass drug test, well that's not why I brought it, I need to cleanse my body, how does it work, thanks?	I bought qcarbo16 recently to cleanse and detoxify my body. I want to let you know that I am aware that many people use it to pass drug test but that is not why I bought it. I want to know more about it before I take it. Can you tell me how does it work exactly?
How is your basal metabolic rate impacted by your basal energy expenditure?	How does basal energy expenditure affect the basal metabolic rate?
How long does bleeding last after mirena (levonorgestrel) removal my af is not till the 16 of april I have always been regular	My expected due date of period is 16th April and my cycles have been always regular. I got my Mirena (levonorgestrel) removed and started bleeding. How long will this bleeding last?
How long does the pain for a root extraction last?	I got a root extraction done 2 days ago and it hurts a lot. My doctor gave me pain killer medications but can you tell me how long does this pain last?
How much do tummy tucks (witch hazel) usually hurt?	I am planning to get tummy tucks (witch hazel) done and I am worried about its complications. Does it hurt a lot?
How to know if you miscarried without passing fetus?	My doctor confirmed that I am pregnant and I noticed dark brown vaginal discharge this morning but no clots. I am very worried about chances of miscarriage because I didn't notice fetus when I checked my sanitary napkin. How do I confirm this? Am I still pregnant?
How would you measure how severe pectus excavatum is?	I have pectus excavatum and I am wondering how severe is it?
I am 42 I have only had my period 4 times in the last year. I get pain in my stomach but nothing happens. Any ideas why this could be occurring?	My mom is 42 and she got her period only 4 times last year. She says her abdomen hurts but doesn't get period every month. What could be the cause?
I am experiencing  headache (better by: rest, nsaids (ibuprofen, naproxen, etc.)) (time frame: gradual onset) (side: left, right) (occurred: < 1 hr...	I have been experiencing headache on both sides, that started gradually and got worse. It gets better on taking rest and when I take ibuprofen, naproxen. It has been disturbing my daily routine and I am not able to concentrate. What could be the cause?
I am having moderate to severe abdominal pain on my right side. Every time i poop Iit hurts really bad like a Charlie horse in my side.	I have moderate to severe right abdomen pain for last 2 weeks. It hurts a lot like a cramp on my side while passing stools. What could be the cause?
I bent over while sitting in a chair to pick up something and felt like something popped and I am now having pain on my left side around my ribs?	I have rib pain on left side. I felt a pop before this started when I bent over to pick something up while sitting on a chair. What could be the cause?
I didn't get my period for a month and now having pink discharge and a negative pregnancy test and still no period. What is going on?	My cycles are very regular but I missed period by a month. I have been sexually active and we forgot to use condom once about 5 weeks ago. I noticed spotting today and my urine pregnancy test came back negative. What could be the cause of my missed period?
If I am allergic to normal earrings, can I put a coating of clear nail polish on the earring, or is that bad? I've read this on a few websites.	My ear starts breaking out with itch when I wear earrings. I think I am allergic to it. I researched online on how to avoid this and I came across a few articles that say clear nail polish coat on earrings helps. Is it bad or safe to try?
If you had a CBC two years ago and you still have the same symptoms is it good to get a new one?	I was tired a lot and I looked pale about 2 years ago. I had a CBC then. But I still experience the same symptoms and I don't feel better. Is getting the CBC done again a good idea?
I had a cold about a week and a half ago. Now I'm having very strong headaches and a pain on my left nasal, feels like the bone hurts on my left nasal?	I had cold 1.5 weeks ago but I started experiencing severe headache and pain in left nostril yesterday. Is it related to bone in my left nostril?
I had a hysterectomy and removal of my tubes and ovaries. However, two years later, I had a very painful area in my pelvis and was told that I had endometriosis. Is this possible?	My doctor sayid I have endometriosis when I consulted her last week for severe pain in pelvic area. But I underwent hysterectomy with removal of tubes and ovaries 2 years ago. Is it possible for me to develop endometriosis after hysterectomy?
I had unprotected sex on 6feb n my period was on 17feb. Had done 3 times test 2day morning also but all came negative? Doc. Given me cyclenorm e n p	I had unprotected sex on 6th Feb and I got my period on 17th Feb but I am still worried about my chances of pregnancy. I took pregnancy test at home 3 times today and all came back negative. But just to be on safe side, can I take cyclenorm E & P?
I have a brain cyst 3cm in left frontal lobe would it hurt if I was also pregnant?	I have a brain cyst of 3cm size in my left frontal lobe. I am 5 weeks pregnant now and I have been experiencing headache for last 2 days. I was wondering if my brain cyst hurts during pregnancy. What are the chances?
I have ADHD is it possible for me to become a surgeon ? Be honest with me please	I am 19 now. I have ADHD since I was 10 years of age but I want to become a surgeon. Is it possible for me?
I have a small lump at the bottom of my right ear. Any idea what it could be? Thanks.	I noticed a small lump at the bottom of my right ear last week, that has been getting bigger in size and started hurting last night. Any idea what it could be?
I have endometriosis and just had a miscarriage now the pain seems to be back stronger than before is this because of miscarriage?	I was diagnosed with endometriosis. I recently had a miscarriage and the pain is more severe than before. Is this due to miscarriage?
I have had some pregnancy symptoms and I was four days late and had some brown discharge around the time of period and 2 nurses said they think I am?	I missed my period by 4 days but I noticed spotting on the day of my expected due date of period. I experience a few other signs of pregnancy. I asked 2 nurses and they think I can be pregnant. I am very nervous. What do you think are my chances of pregnancy?
I have hypermobile joints and am experiencing right arm, elbow, shoulder and muscle pain. What can I do?	My joint have always been hypermobile and I have pain over right arm, elbow, shoulder and muscles, that got worse recently. Any ideas on what I can do for relief?
I have lots of dry gangrene on right foot, lost 4 toes , but it doesn't go past the mid-foot. Why would they amputate to knee? Why not just that part?	I have dry gangrene on right foot covering 4 toes and it extends only until mid aspect of foot. But my doctor recommends amputation to knee, can you tell me why can't they amputate only the affected part of foot with gangrene?
I have mosquito bites all over my body from head to toe. I am itching all over. The bites are swollen and combined with other bites. What can I do?	I went for trecking a couple of days ago and I got mosquito bites, that itch all over my body from head to toe. I noticed this morning that the bites have increased in size and are combined with other bites, that look a little different. What should I do for relief?
I have no voice a huge knot on the right side of my neck and I have excruciating pain in throat. I was diagnosed with pharyngitis how can I get relief?	I lost my voice and my throat hurts a lot. I feel a huge mass on the right side of neck. I consulted my doctor and I was diagnosed with pharyngitis. I have been taking prescribed antibiotic medications for last 3 days but no relief yet. What measures can I try at home for relief?
I have pain on the left side of my neck when swallowing. Been going on for 3 days.	I have been experiencing neck pain on left side on swallowing for last 3 days. Did I pull the muscle?
I have this patch of peeling/blistering skin on the bottom of my foot. What is it and how do I get rid of it?	I have a patch of peeling/blistering of skin on the sole of my foot. I am not sure how and why I got it. Can you tell me what is it and how to get rid of it?
I have this weird taste in my mouth, but no other symptoms of dry socket. What could be wrong?	I got my tooth extracted recently and I have weird taste in mouth but no severe pain, blood clot, etc. What could be the cause apart from dry socket?
I having a flexible sigmoidoscopy and I have fleet ready to use when do I use it before going in to hospital ?	I am scheduled a flexible sigmoidoscopy for tomorrow. I got the fleet for enema from the pharmacy this morning. When should I use it?
I'm 5' 8'' and 109 lbs. When I lay down I can see my belly pulsing to the left of my belly button. Is this something I should be concerned about?	I can see pulsations on the left side of my belly button on laying down. I am not overweight and I don't have belly fat. I am very much worried, what could be the cause?
Im in a lot of localized pain, I was diagnosed with an enlarged uterus, a bicornuate uterus, and some ovarian cysts.Pain is extreme. ER? or primary?	I have been experiencing severe lower abdomen pain for last couple of hours. I was diagnosed with enlarged uterus, bicornuate uterus and ovarian cyst. Should I go to an ER or wait until tomorrow to consult my doctor? I am very worried and not sure if this is serious enough to go to an ER. Please help.
I'm starting to think I have a fracture of the talar dome. Any advice?	I injured my ankle this morning. My ankle hurts a lot and I am not able to bear weight on my ankle. I think I have a talar dome fracture. What should I do next?
In an attempt to diagnose illness I have had 7 CT scans in 2 years . Because of new upper abdominal right side pain dr ordered hyda scan. Should i be concerned about  the radiation?	CT scan was done 7 times in last 2 years to diagnose a medical condition. My doctor ordered HYDA scan to evaluate right upper abdomen pain, that I have for last 1 week. Should I be worried about the radiation exposure?
In the middle of my chest under my breast bone it fells wierd I cant explain it?	I have discomfort in the middle of chest under my breast bone. My diet has been a little off lately. What do you think could be the cause?
Irregular periods been taking fertility pills. 23days late and having symptoms of pregnancy but negative test what should I do?	I have been trying to conceive for a while and I have been taking fertility pills regularly for last 2 months. My cycles are usually irregular and I missed my period by 23 days. I notice a few signs of pregnancy but my urine pregnancy test came back negative today. What should I do now?
Is it normal to have bleeding after a colonoscopy that's not related to a bowel movement?	I got a colonoscopy done a couple of days ago and I noticed bleeding from my anal region today when I was not passing stools. Is this considered normal and expected after a colonoscopy procedure?
Is it possible for a sciatica pain to be in the top of my thighs?	I have sciatica but recently, I have been experiencing pain at the upper aspect of my thighs. Is it due to sciatica?
Is it possible to drink antidepressants for the whole life and to be in good health?	Can I take antidepressant medications every day for the rest of my life without side effects, complications?
Is it possible to have anxiety symptoms 24/7 for 2 years straight?	I have constant chest tightness and pounding heart through out the day every day for last 2 years with occasional difficulty in breathing. Is it possible that one with anxiety can have constant symptoms for 2 years?
Is memory loss related to statins?	I have been researching a lot on memory loss but I need a professional opinion. Is memory loss a side effect of statins?
I sneezed and got rid of some phlegm in my throat (I have post nasal drip) and it was sort of clear but then again it had white stuff too what is it?	I have post nasal drip and I got rid of the clear phlegm with some white stuff on it on sneezing. What is that mucus and what could be the cause?
Is there any treatment for latent squint and fourth nerve palsy?	I was diagnosed with latent squit and fourth nerve palsy by my doctor after many tests. It disturbs me a lot and I want this to go away. What are its treatment options?
Is there usually left shoulder/arm/jaw pain associated with angina pectoris?	My grand father has coronary artery disease and he had an episode of pain over shoulder, arm and jaw on left side a week ago. Is it angina pectoris?
I've been experiencing dizziness for several months now, with occasional ear pain. Does this sound like a brain tumor or a sinus problem?	I have been experiencing dizziness with occasional ear pain for last few months. Do you think this indicates brain tumor or could it be just a sinus issue? I am so scared of brain tumor, please help me.
I've got stitch like pain and  bleeding/ uterus feels heavy. I've had mirena (levonorgestrel) for 8 weeks now. This pain has only been the last week,  is this normal?	I got Mirena (levonorgestrel) inserted 8 weeks ago. I experience stinging pain for last 1 week associated with heaviness in my lower abdomen and I notice vaginal bleeding. Is this normal with Mirena?
I was curious how far along i'd be if the ultrasound said 6.5 cm/1.3/27 Hz at the top of my picture. ?	I missed my period and my OBGYN did an ultrasound scan. I was going through the scan reports and I was wondering how far along I would be if it said 6.5cm/1.3/27 Hz at the top of my picture. Can you explain?
I would like to know what cause cramps, slight fever, bloating, frequent peeing, headaches, fatigue, and nausea.	I have been experiencing cramps, low grade fever, abdomen bloating, headache, nausea for last 3 days. I have been passing urine a lot and getting tired easily lately. What could be the cause?
Most effective. Muscle relaxants for chronic. L4-l5 pain?	I have chronic lower back ache and my recent test reports show mild L4-L5 disc bulge. Are muscle relaxant medications the most effective mode of treatment for relief from this pain?
My 16 year old daughter is having left abdominal pain no fever and no burning with urination and just got off her period 2 days ago?	I am 16 and I have left abdominal pain for last 3 days but no fever, burning sensation while passing urine. My period ended 2 days ago. What could be the cause?
My doctor may change my prescription (metoprolol)  as it is destroying my sex life. Can i "get it back" when i am prescribed a different beta blocker?	I was put on metoprolol for my hypertension but I lost my sex drive and experience difficulty with erection ever since. I have an appointment scheduled with my doctor tomorrow and I want a change of prescription. But I was wondering if my erection and sex drive becomes normal when I start taking a different beta blocker medication. Is it possible?
My doctor talked over my head. We are confused. What is amniotic infection?	I was told I had amniotic infection and my doctor explained a lot about it but everything went over my head. Can you explain more about amniotic infection? It would be very helpful, thanks.
My mother in law have a pain in her left arm, she never suffer from her heart before, and the fingers move by themself what could or be?	My mother-in-law says her left arm hurts and her fingers twitch a lot. Nothing abnormal with her heart according to her tests last month. What could be the cause?
My Patella is tender to touch, and hurts and pops when the knee is bent. There isn't any noticeable swelling. But there is pressure around patella.	I patella is tender but there is no visible swelling in that area. It hurts and pops on bending my knee and I feel pressure around patella. What could be the cause.
My pelvis/lower abdomen pain 2 months after a c-section. Feels like cramps?	I had a C section done 2 months ago and my lower abdomen started hurting last night, that feels like cramps. I never had cramps with period in the past. Is it due to C section? If yes, why is this happening after 2 months of C section?
Nausea everyday missed period headaches but not pregnant what could be wrong?	I have been experiencing nausea every day along with headache and I missed my period recently. I am a virgin and I am not sexually active in any way. What could be the possible cause of my symptoms?
Need help docs! My friend ate some raw chicken on accident so he could get worms or parasites?	My friend ate raw and uncooked chicken last night. Would he get worms and parasitic infections in his stomach now?
Only one sexual partner and cervical dysplasia reoccured, what's wrong?	My doctor said I had cervical dysplasia 2 years ago, that subsided last year based on my pap smear reports. I got my annual pap smear last week and it showed cervical dysplasia again. I have been in relationship with only one partner for last 4 years. I don't understand why it is back after it subsided, please help me.
Pain in the right leg that goes and goes, sometimes on the side, sometimes in the groin. Burns behind the knee and gets worse with cold. What can be?	I have on & off pain on the side of right leg and sometimes in the groin. I also experience burning sensation behind the knee, that gets worse when I am cold. What could be the cause?
Please explain why does my amalgam (filling) hurt?	I got amalgam tooth filling done recently and it hurts a lot. What could be the reason?
Right side sharp pains, bottom of rib cage?	I have sharp pain on the right side of chest towards the bottom of rib cage. I am so scared of cardiac issues and I am worried it could be a heart attack. Am I going to get one?
Severe jaw joint pain started 24 hours ago, right side. Pain when opening mouth and clenching. Should I go to the ER? Worse as day went on. TMJ?	My jaw started hurting on right yesterday and it has got worse ever since. I experience severe pain on opening mouth and on clenching. Is it due to TMJ? Do you think I should go to an ER?
Sharp, localised pain on top of head, about 10 degrees from the centre, in a slight indentation of my parietal bone. Recurrent for a few days. Cause?	I have sharp pain on the top of head over the region of indentation on my parietal bone. Can you tell me what could be the cause?
Should I take my inhalor before I go in to see the doctor for a check up?	I have asthma and I am on an inhalor. I have an appointment scheduled with my doctor tomorrow. Should I carry my inhaler to the doctor's clinic?
Should I use the nicotine patch to quit smoking? Or should I try electronic cigarettes?	I am addicted to smoking and I want to quit. I am wondering if nicotine patch or electronic cigarettes help better in quitting smoking. Any suggestions?
Small bruises all over 3 year old female. Showing up with no apparent cause. Doctor Monday but worried As to why there are so many for no reason.	My daughter is 3 and I noticed small bruises all over her body yesterday. She didn't fall or had any injury. I didn't apply any new cream on her. I have scheduled an appointment with her pediatrician but I am very worried. What could be the cause?
Sure I am not pregnant right? . If I have polycystic ovary periods can get ireegular right?	I missed my period and I had protected intercourse but the condom slipped, I am not sure if he ejaculated inside vagina. I have PCOS and my cycles have always been irregular. Should I be worried about pregnancy?
Symmetrical legs & feet; numb, weak & tingly. Painful to walk @rest, both feet throb til they both go "numb". Is this due to my chronic back pain?	I have chronic back pain. Recently I started experiencing numbness, weakness and tingling sensation on both legs and feet, that hurt on walking. At rest, my legs and feet throb until numbness sets in. Is this due to my back ache?
Symptoms of ectopic but negative test.? Like dizziness, lower right abdominal pain, shoulder pain. I'm think ectopic coz I only feel this all after sex	I have been experiencing dizziness, right lower abdomen pain, shoulder pain for last 5 days. I had unprotected sex last week and I think I have ectopic pregnancy but my urine pregnancy test today came back negative. What could be the cause of my symptoms?
Testicle scan showed 4 cysts. But I have constant dull ache. The pipe above testicle is prominent, no infection seen. What could be causing the pain?	I have constant dull ache in scrotum and got tested recently. My testicle scan showed 4 cysts with prominent cord above testicle and no signs of infection. What can be the cause of my pain?
The lower right side of my face hurts when I open my mouth. Anybody have any idea? Could it be tmj?	My face has been hurting on the lower right side whenever I open my mouth for last 2 weeks. This is frustrating because I have to talk a lot at work. Do I have TMJ?
The muscles in my hips right above my butt ache a lot. Most times it pinches with pain. I wear high heels all the time, hurts to wear flats?	My hip muscles hurt a lot above my buttock like a pinch. I wear heels usually and it hurts on wearing flats. What could be the cause?
Weird lightheaded feeling 24:7 for yrs Ent dr said not allergies had bloodwork done neuro examine at PC dr all good they say anxiety could it be?	I have constant lightheadedness for last few years. I consulted an ENT and a PCP, neuro exam, allergy test, blood work all came back negative. Is it due to anxiety?
What antibiotic prescribed for infected cyst?	I was told by my doctor that I might have infected cyst. A few tests were done, awaiting reports. What antibiotic is usually prescribed for an infected cyst?
What are obsessive compulsive disorder (ocd) and tourette syndrome?	My father was diagnosed with Obsessive Compulsive Disorder recently. I was doing research on it online and I came across Tourette Syndrome in an article. Can you tell me what exactly are these two syndromes?
What are the causes of lower back pain in women?	My mom often says she has lower back ache. My aunt complains of the same. What could be the causes of lower back ache in women?
What are the clinical symptoms of myocardial infarction?	I experience left sided chest tightness and pressure with pain and shortness of breath. I also experience discomfort over left shoulder. I am scared I have a heart attack, can you tell me what are the symptoms of myocardial infarction?
What are the treatments for a pinched nerve?	I got injured a week ago and I have been experiencing numbness, tingling sensation over my left calf. I think I have a pinched nerve. What should I do for relief?
What can a pain mean in right hand side next to bladder. It comes and goes and is quite severe?	I have on & off severe right lower abdomen pain, especially while passing urine. What could be the cause?
What can be done for really sharp pain in left ankle?	I have sharp pain in left ankle for last 3 days. I got hurt while playing a few days ago but there was no bleeding. What should I do for relief?
What can cause hematuria with sharp pain in urq of abdomen nausea dizziness and water retention catscan ultrasound urine culture normal no fever?	I noticed orange colored urine last week and I have been experiencing sharp pain in upper right quadrant of my abdomen with nausea, dizziness. I look bloated, probably due to water retention? I don't have fever. I got tested 4 days ago, my CAT scan, ultrasound scan and urine culture reports are normal. What could be the cause?
What can cause stabbing eye pain after sleep?	I have stabbing eye pain after sleep and that's weird. I get good amount of sleep and no issues there. What could be the cause?
What happens if my ovary is not visualized that mean I can't have kids?	I underwent an ultrasound scan pelvis recently, that didn't show ovaries. I was told to come back after 2 weeks for a repeat scan. I have been trying to conceive and I didn't undergo any surgery till date. Does the absence of ovaries mean I won't be able to have children?
What is a good substitute for peanut butter?	I love peanut butter but I am allergic to peanuts. Can you give me a good substiture for peanut butter?
What is the cause and the solution of what seems to be a traveling pocket of gas up and down my back, chest, rib cage with sometimes a griping pain?	I have something, that seems to be a travelling pocket of gas up and back my back, chest, rib cage. It also causes gripping pain sometimes. Can you tell me what can be the cause and how can it be treated?
What is the cause of pubic bone pain?	I have pubic bone pain for last 3 days and it has been getting worse. My period ended yesterday. What could be the cause?
What is the difference between Refractory Chronic Migraines and Transformed Migraines? With CM do I need a headache specialist for general nuero?	I was diagnosed with chronic migraine in my childhood and there hasn't been any episode for last 2-3 years. I experienced severe headache last night and I am wondering if it is due to refractory chronic migraine or transformed migraine. Can you help me with the differences between these two types of migraine? Also, should I consult a headache specialist or general neurologist with my chronic migraine?
What is the procedure involved with open heart surgery?	My aunt is scheduled for an open heart surgery for insertion of a pacemaker. Can you provide a little information on what exactly the procedure of this surgery would be?
What is the reason for fluid coming out right after intercourse?	I had intercourse recently and I notice vaginal discharge immediately after intercourse. What could it be?
What makes a dentist different from an oral surgeon?	I have impacted tooth and my dentist referred me to an oral surgeon. Aren't they both the same? What is the difference between a dentist and an oral surgeon?
What might cause a lot of pain in the fleshy part of my hand below the thumb?	The fleshy part of my hand below thumb hurts a lot. I didn't get injured anytime in the recent past. What could be the cause of my pain?
What muscles contribute to lower back pain?	I have lower back ache for last few months, that has been getting worse lately. This started when I started working out. I want to understand what muscles attribute to lower back ache so that I can avoid workouts causing strain of these muscles. Can you help me with this?
What quantity of lortab 10mg equal 15mg oxycodone?	I was prescribed oxycodone 15mg by my doctor for my post surgical pain. But we have lortab 10mg at home. Can you tell me intake of how many pills of lortab 10mg causes similar effect and pain relief as oxycodone 15mg does?
What questions should I be asking when looking for a pain management doctor for my 85-year-old father who has severe back pain? (history of surgeries)	My 85 year old father has severe lower back ache. He underwent multiple surgeries in the past. What questions should I be asking when I am looking for a pain management doctor?
What to do about depression of seeing spirits and just being upset overall?	I see spirits and I get depressed about it. I also get upset easily without reason and this is affecting my daily routine and career. What can I do to find some relief?
When do i ovulate if my last period was last month on the 28th and i have a 31 day cycle ?	I am trying to conceive and I want to know when I would be ovulating exactly. I got my last period on 28th of last month and my cycles are of 31 days. Can you help me calculate my ovulation date?
Where can I find a good natural gout treatment?	I have gout and I don't want to take medications. I prefer natural treatment, can you help me with a resource on it?
Which brand of natural progesterone cream is most suitable for a girl with pcos?	My sister has PCOS. We were wondering which brand of natural progesterone would be most suitable. Any suggestions?
Why am I having acute post-abortion abdominal pain 3 months after surgical procedure? I can't talk, walk, lift, stand, or even wear underwear too much?	I have acute severe pain abdomen today causing difficulty in walking, talking, lifting, standing for long. I should mention that I underwent surgical abortion 3 months ago. Is this pain related to the abortion?
Why do i feel pain on my left arm?	I have severe left arm pain. I am worried it could be heart attack. Can you tell me what could be the cause?
16, never had intercourse, no STDs known, vaginal irritation, sometimes pain, not much pain with urination, irritation through the entire day.	I am 16 year old, a virgin, no STDs. I have vaginal irritation all through the day, occasional pain, not much of pain while passing urine.
1 day missed period and vaginal area is dry, why?	I am late for my period by one day and have vaginal dryness. Do you have any ideas why?
1st mth off of birth cont. I got my 'real' period, lasted about 6 days, today's day 9 & i'm lightly spotting (just 1x a day) for the past 2 days-odd?	I got my first full blown period after getting off birth control last month. It lasted for 6 days and I am still bleeding light for the last 2 days. Is that normal?
2 days past ovulation  had sex 3 times but started following symptoms cramping slight nausea more bowel movements, fatigue, gas - can I be preg?	Does it mean I am pregnant if I have symptoms like cramps, slight nausea, gas, tiredness? I had sex thrice two days after ovulation.
Am taking Duphaston day 11 to day 25 when do expect my period?	When shall I expect my period if I am taking Duphaston from Day 11th to Day 25th?
B12:145 ng/L Range 130-800ng/L Result statesJust in Range Have a Few Sympt, Neuroligist says not low but GP started loading dose 6 injections? Ideas	My tests results are as follows : B12:145 ng/L Range 130-800ng/L. My GP started loading dose of 6 shots but was told it is not low by neurologist. I don't have much symptoms. What shall I do?
Been prescribed steroid nasal spray for post nasal drip. Symptoms are very uncomfortable is there something different I can do? How important is it?	Steroid nasal spray has not helped with post nasal drip. Do you have any other recommendations?
Been sick for over a week with a dry/wet cough, very runny nose, and no apparent fever. OTC cold medicine has not worked, and I'm currently on antibiotics to treat a UTI (Bactrim I believe). I'm pretty sure this is more than just a cold, seeing how nothin	These are my symptoms for the last more than a week....productive cough, runny nose, no fever. OTC cold medications have not helped. I am also on antibiotics (bactrim) for UTI. I think it is not a common cold.
Can being animec cause your period to last longer?	Does anemia have any effects on cycle length? Because I have long period this time.
Can cyclical vomiting syndrome cause miscarriages?	Am I at risk of a miscarriage with cyclical vomiting?
Can having a shaved penis alter sex performance?	I am in a habit of shaving genital region. Can shaving my penis have any effects on sex life?
Can i get high liver enzymes due to prostatitis or scar tissue in the urinary tract due to past STD trauma?	I have a history of STDs. Can it give me elevated live enzymes from possible prostatitis or scarring of the urinary tract?
Can i have sex while taking cyclogest (progesterone)?	Is it okay to have intercourse while on cyclogest (progesterone)?
Can obesity cause bilateral pitting edema? And how to get rid of it?	Is it possible to get pitting edema on both sides because of being obese? How can it be treated?
Can orchitis problem effect my digestion or cause drooling ?	Is orchitis related to symptoms like digestion and drooling?
Can pink eye be cured with g.E. Sulfameth/tmp ds can g. E. Sulfameth/ tmp ds cure pink eye?	Is g.E. Sulpfameth/tmp ds helpful in pink eye treatment?
Can seroquel (quetiapine) cause gerd?	Is seroquel (quetiapine) known to cause GERD?
Can there be a link between celiac's disease and polycystic ovarian syndrome (pcos)?	Is there any association between celiac's disease and PCOS?
Can u get pregnant from pre cum?	What are the chances of getting pregant from precum?
Can you jump/dive into a pool when you're 9weeks pregnant?	Can I go swimming/diving in a pool at 9 weeks pregnant?
Can you recover from planter falsities and if what is the recovery time?	What is the time frame for recovery from plantar fascitis?
Can you take l-lysine while trying to become pregnant?	Is L-lysine safe while trying for conception?
Could anybody get neurapothy in forearms and hands?	Can neuropathy affect forearms and hands of a person?
Describe the features of a bone avulsion.?	What are the features/symptoms of a bone avulsion?
Does DMSO help plantar fasciitis?	Is there a role of DMSO in plantar fascitis treatment?
Does drinking soda and juice harm the baby if you are pregnant?	Are soda and juice considered safe in pregnancy?
Does eradication of h. Pylori cause weight gain?	Is there a connection between H.Pylori eradication and gaining weight?
Does food poisoning cause permanent damage? I heard in a study that it causes kidney damage, diabetes, and high blood pressure later on.	Is it true that food poisoning can give problems like kideny damage, diabetes, hypertension due to some permanent damage done to the body?
Had protected sex nov 21 and got period on dec 13 could I be pregnant?	My last period was December 13th while I had protected sex on November 21st. Does that rule out a pregnancy?
Had sex 2 days before ovulation and a day after ovulation can I get pregnant?	Can pregnancy happen with sex 2 days before and one day after ovulation?
Haven't got my period since July cause I'm irregular could I still get pregnant?	My LMP is July. History of irregular period. Do you think I can be pregnant.
Hello. My 18 yr old special needs daughter just had bloiod work. The Lymphocytesis 3.8.Her Leukocyte Esterase is 500. What does that mean?	Can you help understand the test results of my special needs daughter? Her lymphocytes are 3.8, Leukocyte Esterase is 500.
Help! Rash on right leg, will not go away, doctors can't help, what is it and what do I do now?	Can you tell me what's the cause of the rash on my right leg and what would help get rid of it? Local doctors have not been able to help.
How can I prevent glaucoma?	What are some preventive measures for glaucoma?
How can I prevent orthostatic hypotension?	What are some preventive measures for orthostatic hypotension?
How can you stop bloating during your period?	Do you have any tips for bloating while on period?
How does a person get hyperthermia?	Can you explain the causes of hypothermia?
How does one break their arm playing volleyball?	How do playing sports like voleyball makes get an arm fracture?
How do I tell the difference between an allergy and a sinus infection?	What are the symptoms that differentiate between allergy and a sinus infection?
How do occupational therapists help people with eye injuries to ambulate safely?	Does occupation therapy have any role in early rehabilitation of people with eye injuries?
How do we decide who takes mom?	Not able to decide who takes mom.
How long does belly pain associated with hyperemesis gravidarum last?	I am dealing with hyperemesis gravidarum and associated cramps. When will these cramps subside?
How long does it take to recover from uveitis in the eye?	What's the time frame for recovery from uveitis in the eye?
How soon after im off the Depo-Provera provera (medroxyprogesterone) shot can I get pregnant?	How much time does it usually take for a female to conceive after getting off Depo-Provera (medroxyprogesterone)?
How to prevent catching flu from a visitor who never learn to put hand on mouth while coughing... Will hand gel help me?	What are some preventive measures against catching flu from a visitor who never covers his mouth while coughing. Does hand gel has a role?
How to tell if nuvaring side effects or early signs of pregnancy?	How can I differentiate between side effects of nuvering and early pregnancy symptoms?
How to treat razor scar from shaving?	Got a razor scar from shaving. Any helpful remedies?
I am almost a month pregnant and I started spitting. It started out pink now it's like a reddish color is that normal?	I am 4 weeks pregnant and started spotting pink which turned into red. Is that a bad sign?
I am having troubles and confusing moments with my body and I am scared I may be pregnant by my research online and I really want some advice ?	The confusing symptoms and online research points towards me being pregnant. Can I get a professional advice?
I been on depo for about 2/3 years and off for 5 months. I want to get pregnant but haven't had a menstrual cycle, what can I do?	I didn't get my period yet even though I have been off depo for the last 5 months. I have been on the shots for 2 to 3 years. TTC.
I came on my period two time last month this month my boyfriend came inside me and I'm bleeding 4 days after we had sex?	We had unprotected sex 4 days back while I experienced two period last month. Now I am bleeding ever since we had an intercourse.
If a person has chronic hyperventilation syndrome and takes a pft and methacholine challenge test would the results be affected? Mine showed asthma.	My PFT and methacholine challenge test showed I have asthma. Could chronic hyperventilation syndrome have affected the results?
I got on the Birth Control shot on a Friday and had sex on Wednesday if he ejaculated can I still get pregnant?	Am I safe having sex two days after getting Birth Control Shot?
I had a miscarriage last night. I was 13 weeks. How soon after miscarriage can you try again. Can you get preg. Faster after mc like u can after birth?	Had a misscariage at 13 weeks last night but I want to conceive fast again. How long do I need to wait before trying for pregnancy?
I had a salpingectomy in both tubes 4 years ago, but I want to be pregnant again, can it be possible?, can I get pregnant naturally?,	Is it possible to get pregnant if one has undergone salpingectomy a few years back? Do you known about any natural methods?
I had blood drawn, 1hr later I lifted weights and I noticed a small bump fill with blood where I got poked at, is this normal? Hel asap Docs	I need help doctor. I happened to lift weights an hour after getting blood drawn and noticed a blood filled bump at the site where I got the needle prick. Should I be worried?
I had unprotected sex just over 2 weeks ago. Had light cramps and sore breasts with darkening areola which has never happened. Got light period. Preg?	I am experiencing symptoms like light cramps, dark areola, sore breats and had light period. Important pasrt is I indulged in unprotected sex over 2 weeks back. Does this mean I am pregnant?
I have a lot of tiny red bumps in between my eyebrows. I thought it was pimples so I used benzoyl peroxide & that didn't work. Is it eczema?	I have tried benzoyl peroxide for red bumps between the eyebrows which I thought to be pimples but it has not helped. Can it be eczema?
I have been clean off alcohol for 1 year and 8 months and recently drink 0.0 6 pack a day. Is this bad for my liver and health. Drink it to avoid beer?	I have not drank alcohol for a year and 8 months now. Can recently drinking 0.06 pack a day affect my liver?
I have developed these random red patches on my torso, neck, and back that flare up and disappear every once in a while. They do not itch. Why?	Every once in a while I get flare ups of non ithchy random red patches on my torso, neck and back which disappear on their own. What's happening?
I have had 11 sets of ear tubes since age 6. Is there another solution rather than getting more? The set I've had in for 3 months just came out.	I am looking for some permanent solution to my problem. I have had 11 sets of ear tubes since childhood (6 yr) and the one I had 3 months back just came out.
I have had a couple of pregnancy symptoms, but the home tests i've taken are all negative and I started what I think is my period today.....I need some help figuring out what could be wrong. Any thoughts?	I have beeen experiencing some pregnancy symptoms lately and got negative pregnancy tests. Today I started bleeding. Is it my period?
I have the birth control mirena (levonorgestrel) and I have irregular periods but i also have brown discharge so what does that mean?	I am on mirena (levonorgesterol). Is it normal to get irregular period and brown discharge?
I have this rash for along time on my breast comes and goes I made a appointment but it's kind of fading can they still test it and diagnose me?	I have an on and off breast rash. Can my local doctor order tests and diagnose it even if it is fading away?
I have three positive first response pregnancy tests with morning sickness two weeks ago but not since then, are the positive tests true positives?	I had morning sickness 2 weeks back which subsided and got three positive first response pregnancy tests. Can I tust these test results?
I m 28 yrs having irregular periods . My BP  was 144/101 is it normal ? What to do?	My blood pressure is 144/101 mmhg. I am 28 yrs old and with a history of irregular period. Do you have any advice?
I'm almost 35 weeks pregnant. And I had a ultrasound done at my high risk Dr appt today. The baby's growth rate is at the 22 percentile, weight is 4 lbs and 14 oz. If the % goes below 20%, will the baby still be healthy at delivery?	Here are the details of my ultrasound done at my 35 weeks (high risk) appointment.. Baby's growth is at 22 perecntile, weight is 4 lbs and 14 oz. Does it affect the baby if it drops to 20 percentile?
I'm an athlete, I play water polo, football, And do some long distance running. Will taking prednisolone 50mg per day HUGELY impact my lifestyle?	I was concerned if daily dose of prednisolone 50 mg would affect me in any ways as I am an athlete and involved in activities like playing water polo, football and long disctance running.
I'm in the process of losing 30lbs and trying to get pregnant. If I conceive can I stay on weight watchers while I'm pregnant?	Can I continue to lose weight if I get pregnant. My target is to lose 30 lbs but I am also TTC.
I'm worried that I'm pregnant but I think I ovulated yesterday?	I am nor sure but may be I ovulated yesterday. I am nervous about pregnancy.
I need someone that can help me. It's been 2 weeks now that I have finished my period but now I am still bleeding and I am very nauseous.	I am bleeding again while I finshed my period 2 weeks back.It is making me nauseous. Please help.
I need some tips on how to reduce abdominal fluid retention?	What are some helpful measures to help with abdominal fluid retention?
I often do masturbation in a day. I did it 5 times more in a day then it led to swollen penis skin. What are the disadvantages and advantages of it?	I am experiencing penile skin swelling today after masturbating multiple times today.Can you guide me if too much masturbation is healthy or would have any harmful effects?
Is having a cycle important? I haven't had a decent period in almost my whole life....What can be wrong with me?...  I'm 23 yrs old...	I am 23 years old and still have not started getting normal period. Why should a female get her cycles? Is something wrong with me?
Is it normal for a childs scab to turn really dark after swimming in a pool. Is it safe to go swimming again?	Can swimming darken my child's scab and is he allowed to go back again?
Is it normal for an eye infection tostart out red and swollen and pus filled to looking like a pus filled swelling that now looks like a blood blister?	Can yoi get a blood blsiter from an eye infection? It started out as a red and pus filled swelling.
Is it normal to have cramps before and after period?	Do women get cramps before starting and finishing with the period?
Is it ok to induce your period while on the sugar pills?	Is it normal to get withdrawal bleeding while on sugar pills?
Is it possible to be suffering allergic reactions from my roommate if she has a dog? How to find out?	Can I get allergies from my roommate's dog? How can I be sure?
Is it possible to bleed if you are prego? 3 neg hpt.	I have got three neagtive pregnancy tests. Do you get bleeding in pregnancy?
Is it possible to ovulate one day after period stop?	Is it possible for ovulation to take place one dat after fisninshing with the period?
Is it safe to take apple cider tablets when pregnant?	Can I take apple cider tablets in pregnancy?
I started taking PPIs (8 weeks) and antibiotics (one week) for treating h.pylori and gastritis. Can I do strenght exercises like pushups and running?	Will it harm to do strenghth exercises like pushups and running while on medications for gastritis and H. Pylori? I am on PPIs (8 weeks) and antibiotics (one week).
Is the gm diet a good one?	What's your opinion on gm diet?
Is there any way to stop my period for a little while without a prescription?	Are there any natural ways to stop my period without having to visit a local doctor?
It started with a headache the next day came dizziness when I move my eyes, soreness behind my eyes, 102 fever, slight cough. Help!	I had a headache and this was followe by dizziness on moving the eyes, soreness behind my eyes, high grade fever (102) and slight cough. Can you help me?
It still posible i can get pregnant with a small ovary?	Will small ovaru affect the chances of conception?
I've been having uterus/something spasms for a while now. I know I'm not pregnant and it happens randomly. Should I be worried?	I am getting random uterine cramps for a while now. It is not pregnancy. Is that concerning?
I've had a bump in my groin area for about a year, recently  a burning sensation. And in last two days it turned red and the bump Bigger and more pain?	I have noticed long standing groin bump (around one year) turning red and painful, gives burning sensation in the last two days.
I've had a lump by my bellyboutton and it moves around its been a week now could I have a hernia? I've been constapated too? Or pregnancy had neg test	My symptoms are.....a movable bellybutton lump since a week, constipation. I was wondering if it is a hernia or can it be a pregnancy? Test was negative.
I've had problems with cosntant headaches for 5 years, now they are more like migraines, I've see neurologists, eye specialists and no one has helped me?	I have a history of constant headaches since 5 years. Seems like migraines recently. Consulting a local neurologist or an opthalmologist has not helped either.
Late menstrual period after bad carwreck?	Missed my period. Is this car accident the cause?
Me & my fiancé are experiencing a red burning itchy scaling rash. Me on my butt & in the lining of the cheeks. Him on his inner thighs & stomach?	I have a red and scaly rash on my buttocks and in the lining of the cheeks. It is quite itchy and gives burning sensation. My fiance has a similar rash on his stomach and thighs. What can this be?
Mom's eye are red and she is rubbing her eyes. Any suggestions?	My mom's eyes are red making her to rub them. Can you help?
My baby toe is burning red and swollen,  what can I do.  Thanks?	My baby's toe has turned red and swollen and is giving burning sensation. Please help.
My bf and I were fooling around with clothes on. And after I noticed ALot of precum on his jeans where my crotch was. Can this get me pregnant?	Can fooling around with my boyfriend with clothes on make me pregnant? I noticed precum on his jeans near my vaginal region.
My cousin is a 14 year old boy. He is 4inch in penile length. My question is ..... is he small for his age?	I am concerned about my 14 year old cousin's penis size. Do you think 4 inches is okay for him?
My doctor says I've got macular edema. What does this mean?	What is macular edema? I just got diagnosed with it.
My first day of my last period was on 05/10, i had intercourse on october 17 and october 22. My period is every 31 days. When should I conceived?	My LMP is 05/10 and we had an intercourse on October 22nd. My cycle length is 31 days. When would have conception taken place?
My nipples have been extremely sore since may 14 its june 26 & recently my lower right side has been killing me, but I started birth control on may 11?	I am on BC since more than a month and been dealing with sore nipples since a couple of days of starting it. Lately, I am experiencing lower abdominal pain as well.
My period is usually heavy and lasts five days. This month it came light and only lasted 3 days. I had intercourse 2 days after my last period.	I got light and short period this monthw which lasted only 5 days in contrast to heavy 5 days long period. Can having intercourse 2 days before starting with period be the cause?
My son did have surgery on the pereneol nerve that caused his drop foot, doc said it would wake up after awhile, but it's been over a year no lat move?	My son has foot drop ever since he got treated on peroneal nerve over a year back. No improvement!
Period was 2 mo late, now been on for 3 wks so far. At the beginning of it all I was intensely stressed But not now. Should I be worried?	I am bleeding for the last 3 weeks now and I was 2 months late this time. I was strressed when it started but all fine now. Is this something concerning?
Should i be worried about the extreme vaginal air/gas that feels stuck I've been experiencing since my hymen surgery to fix my septate hymen 1 week ago	Got hymen surgery done for septate hymen a week ago and been experiencing something like gas/air stuck in vagina since then. Is it normal?
Should teens use the diet plans on tv?	Should a teenage follow the diet plans on TV?
Sign of pregnant in 1 month? Delayed menstrual cycle, is sign o pregnant?	Does delayed period mean I am pregnant? What are early pregnancy symptoms?
Sore nipples remains during pregnancy, is this normal?	Does one get symptoms like sore nipples all through the pregnancy?
Taking lexapro 10 mg lamotirigine 200mg and seroqule 100mg and prenatale trying to get pregnant shuld I stop antidepresant know or after I get pregna?	I am on antidepressants (lexapro 10 mg, lamotirigine 200mg and seroqule 100mg) and prenatals and trying for conception. When do you think shall I stop taking these medications?
This is my second month on mononessa, however this my second day taking my inactive pill, still haven't gotten my period is this normal?	I took secod inactive pill of my second pack of mononessa pills. My period has still not come.
Unfortunately I picked up a small scale on my face. Can this hurt my skin??	I picked up a small facial scale. Do I need to worry?
Unusual sore breasts each month after ovulation for 2 weeks after abortion of twins 9 months ago? ttc is everything ok? also get palpatations dizzines	I had an abortion (twins) 9 months ago. Ever since then I have been getting breast soreness 2 weeks after ovulation. I am trying to conceive. I also get racing heart and dizziness. Anything to worry about?
Upper abdomen pain pulled muscle from working out? Any specific stretch to prevent it?	I think I got upper abdominal muscle pull after working out. What are some stretches to prevent it from happening again?
Up to how many weeks pregnant can you take an abortion pill?	How long the abortion pills work in pregnacy?
Used Lodine or Celebrex (celecoxib) on and off for 3 or 4 years. Occasionally had some stomach burning. Havent used in 3 months can it still cause an ulcer?	I have been experiencing on and off burning sensation in stomach and have been on Lodine and celecoxib for the past 4 years now but got off it 3 months back. Am I at a risk of getting an ulcer?
We can experience health problem due to dental problem like gingivitis?	How does gingivitis affect our health?
What are the common symptoms of bruises?	Describe some common symptoms of bruises.
What are the negative effects of binge-drinking a couple times a month?	How will binge drinking couple of times a month affect my health?
What are the prices of a new medication called roflumilast?	Do you happen to know the cost of this newmedication, roflumilast?
What can you get over-the-counter for nerves?	What pills shall I ask my pharmacist to help with the nerves?
What does a measles rash look like?	How can I differentiate a measles rash?
What does inflammation in legs mean?	What is legs inflammation?
What does t means a positive ANA test and ifa?	Can you explain meaning of positive ANA test and ifa?
What irritation does soap causes to private area?	How does soap irritate the vagina?
What is a subchondroplasty procedure and what is the out come?	Can you explain subchondroplasty procedure and its effects?
What is the best and fastest way to reduce breakthrough bleeding? Im going on my honeymoon in two days . Could I start a new pack ?	Is there any ways to shorten breakthrough bleeding as I have to leave for my honemoon. When to start a new pack?
What to do if I cut my gum on a piece of hard cereal and it was right next to wear my wisdom tooth is growing in, will than affect the tooth in any way?	I was eating cereal when  a hard piece cut my gum just where my wisdom tooth is erupting. Would that have any harmful effects?
What to do if I have some symptoms thought that i don't know if they could be PMS or pregnancy ?	How can I differentiate between PMS and pregnancy symptoms?
What types of exercises are recommended for rehabilitating from chondromalacia patella?	Do you have any ideas about exercises that can enhance recovery from chondromalacia patella?
What types of medication are effective at reducing or eliminating PVCs?	Are there any medications that can help treat or prevent PVCs?
When I have a soft stool I have to wipe perineum as there is feces there, not on vagina but the skin under. Always wipe front to back. Is this normal?	Is it normal to have stool on the skin under the vagina on wiping the perineum after passing stool. I clean it front to back.
When must I get a flu shot in preparation for moving to assisted living?	I am planning for moving to assisted living. When would be the best time to take the flu shot?
Why does 7 months premature baby is safer than 8 months premature baby?	What make a 7 months old baby safer than delivering an 8 months old premature baby?
Will bodybuiling at sixteen and a half slow my height growth, im just 5'7ft?	I am sixteen and a half year old and 5 feet 7 inches. Can bodybuilding affect my height in future?
Will doctors help young couples get pregnant?	Can I get help from my doctor as I am young and trying for conception?
Woke up with both hands feeling number and tingling.  What is this?	I have numbness and tingling in both hands since morning. Can you tell me why?
Would I be liable to get my medical card if I have ADHD , neurofibromatosis, asthma and anexity?	Does having conditions like ADHD, neurofibromatosis, anxiety, asthma makes me liable to get my medical card?
Wrist and knuckle got lightly burned from touching a pan. No blisters. Applying polysporin (bacitracin and polymyxin) 3-4 times or more daily. Should I be worried of overdose?	I got superficial burns on wrist and knucles from touching a hot pan. I have no blisters. Do you think applying polysporin (bacitracin and polymyxin) is considered over dosage?
Yesterday had like 24hr bug with vomiting and bad diorreah waterlike, today a rash has appeared very itchy looks like measles but it isn't, what is it?	I have been vomiting and passing loose watery stool since yesterday. Today I got an itchy rash which appears to be like measles. What's your opinion?
20yrs Female. Fever at night, goes away by morning.Saliva dries out quickly during day.Swollen tonsil, swelling is reducing. What to do?	I'm a 20 yr old female and have been experiencing various symptoms like fever at night that seems to go away by morning, swollen tonsils which has been reducing and saliva seems to dry out quickly during the day. What would you suggest I do?
According to my ovulation 28 day cycle i was supposed to get my periods on 7may my last period was 9april and today is 10 may.... Could i be pregnant ?	I have a 28 day cycle and was expecting my period on the 7th may and  the last period before that was on 9th april and today is 10th may. What are my chances of pregnancy
After 6 months into my post-op, I have more gland leftover in one breast. Should I attribute this to swelling or bad gland tissue?	It has been 6 months since I underwent breast surgery. What does it mean to have more gland leftover in one breast after 6 months into post op? Does that mean swelling or bad gland tissue?
Apple cider is helpful in weight reduction and how to use this for this purpose?	I've heard that apple cider is helpful in weight reduction. What is the best way to use it for weight loss purpose?
Are small red spots all over the body small pox?	I'm worried I may have small pox. Does it usually present with red spots all over the body?
Are there any at-home remedies for athlete's foot?	I have athlete's foot and wanted to know if there are any remedies I could try at home?
Are these burning cramps normal during early pregnancy? I just found out I am pregnant (don't know how far along yet) and am experiencing some painful cramping. I keep trying to tell myself that it's just my uterus growing, but I wanted to ask on here to	I'm 6 weeks pregnant and have my first ultraound schedule in a feew days. I do notice some lower abdominal cramps, nasuea and breast soreness. Is this normal or should I be worried?
Arthritis in the knees. What could be the best way to get relief?	I have been diagnosed with arthritis in the knees. What can I do to get some relief?
As a gymnast, my wrist hurts after over exertion. It's been about 3 weeks since working out & still pain in 1 spot. Should I use a brace or other ideas?	I'm a gymnast and my wrist started hurting after over exertion. Has been 3 weeks since working out and still notice the pain in one spot. Would using a brace be helpful or is there anything else i should try?
Can chronic gastritis lead to other conditions such as gastroparesis, obstructions, stomach cancer, etc?	My mother has been diagnsoed with chronic gastritis. What is the risk of her developing complications like cancer, stomach ulcer or obstruction?
Can doctors tell me what does your heart rate need to get up to when you exercise?	How high does the heart rate go up to during exercise?
Can handling frozen foods cause frostbite?	Are there ways to prevent frostbites while handling frozen foods?
Can i get systematic effects from long term use of cortizone (hydrocortisone) 10 otc?	Are there any systemic side effects of using OTC hydrocortisone for a long time?
Can i take motrin for sharp stabbing pain in palm of hand?	I have sharp stabbing pain in the palm of the hand and wanted to know if Motrin could help with it?
Can masturbating while on diflucan (fluconazole) get rid of it inside your body?	I'm currently on diflucan (flucanazole) and was wondering if masturbating can get rid of it inside your body?
Can oral sex interfere with cervical cerclage surgery?	Is it safe to have oral sex after cervical cerclage surgery?
Can quitting smoking cause long term digestive problems?	Are there any long terms effects of quitting smoking on the digestive system?
Can't get rid of my athletics feet. It's been bothering me for awhile now   ?	I have athlete's foot and have tried various measures to get rid of it, with no luck. Is there anything you would suggest?
Can vitamin-based skincare products help my SPF work better?	What is the best sunscreen that i shoudl be using? Is there a particular SPF I should be looking for? I heard that sunscreen is more effective when used with vitamin based skin care products.
Can white noise be disruptive to my deep sleep?	Is deep sleep affected by continuous background noises?
Can white water rafting cause a miscarriage?	I've heard that white water rafting can cause miscarriages. Is that true?
Clicking sound comes and goes when heart beats. Upper left chest sharp pain and the pain goes through ribs to upper back left side. I'm 20 years old?	I'm 20 yrs old and have been noticing sharp pain on the upper left side of the chest, going through the ribs and upper back on left side. I also notice clicking sound that comes and goes when heart beats.
Could he be suffering from ptsd? My husband was sexually molested as a young child, once by an older man and then by teenagers. At the time, he was also being physically abused at home, so he had no one to turn to for help. He recently began dealing with	My husband was sexually molsted during childhood, by an older man and then by teenagers and was also being physically abused at home, at the time but did not have anyone to turn for help. Is there a possibilty that he could be suffering from PTSD?
Doctors, do you think I can develop keloid scarring on old healed tattoos?	Can a keloid scar develop over old healed tattos?
Does  a meniscal displacement cause pain along the joint line? What are some of the symptoms of having a displacement?	I had an injury to the knee and I may have torn the meniscus. It has been hurting while walking and wanted to know some symtpoms of meniscus injury?
Does anyone know how to get rid of acid indigestion easily?	I have been suffering from acid indigestion lately. Is there anything you would suggest to get rid of it easily?
Does operating small aircraft all of the time lead to permanent hearing loss?	Can permanent hearing loss occur from operating small aircraft all the time?
Does the pus of gonorrhea smell?	I think I may have gonorrhea. Is the discharge with gonorrhea foul smelling?
Do small children eventually outgrow anal skin tags?	Do anal skin tags usually outgrow as one ages?
Dry, flaky skin on the outer skin of lips all the time. Why does this happen?	What causes dry and flaky skin around the lips? I seem to have it all the time.
Everytime i eat pork i brake out why? Am allergic to it because my oldest daughter brakes out as well.	I seem to develop a rash or hives everytime I eat meat like port or beef. My mother had similar issues too and was asked to avoid eating certain foods. Can this be meat allergy?
Extreme pain in one leg like cramp. What to do next time?	I noticed severe pain, like a cramp in one leg. What can I do for it next time?
Eyebrows.  Are  thinning?	I noticed thinning of the eyebrows. What could it be from?
Female lower right quadrant abdominal pain, should I be concerned?	I'm a female and have been suffering from right lower quadrant abdominal pain. When should I worry?
From what i know about gen. Anesthesia, you get a shot, they put a mask over you and you wake up. But is there any weird activity when you wake up like laughing gas?	Is laughing gas used for recovery post General anesthesia? I know that a mask is placed over the mouth and a shot is given to wear off the effect.
Got depo on 3rd day of period. Had unprotected sex w/ husband 1 week and a day later after depo shot. Am I protected against pregnancy?	How soon does depo start working to prevent pregnancy? I got a shot on the 2nd of my period and had sex 5 days later.
Had larpcoli for gallbladder last Tuesday. Came out relatively fine but recently relapsed into severe nausea and vomiting along with high blood pressure.	I recently underwent Lap cholecystectomy (gallbladder removal) and recovered well. I recently started noticing severe nausea, vomiting along with high blood pressure. What does it mean?
Had unpro sex the last day iovulated 30th he cummed 2x in me , my per was due 13 but igot it on the 14 howcome ididnt get pregnant ?:/iwant a baby	I have been trying to conceive with my partner and he had ejaculated inside me twice. Last day of ovulation was 30th and period was due on 13th but came the next day. Why didn't I get pregnant in spite of having unprotected sex during ovulation?
Having requent headaches this month, how can I relieve the pain?	I have been experiencing recurrent headaches for the last month. What can I try to help relieve the pain?
Hi, I'm 21 and I have white bumps all over my body I want to know if its keratosis pilaris? And what can I do to get rid of it? My sibling has it to	I'm 21 yrs old and noticed white bumps all over the body. My sibling has it as well. Does that sound like keratosis pilaris? Is there anything I can do to treat it?
Hi This will be my 4th ceceran. I'm 3wks and 6 days. This morning when I urinated there was a small amount of blood on the tissue. No blood today.	I'm about 4 weeks postpartum and noticed some blood in urine on wiping this morning. No bleeding today and this would be my 4th C-section now. Should I be worried?
How can I get rid of red and black warts on the skin and acne spots on the back?	I have red and black warts on the skin and acne spots on back. How can I get rid of them?
How can I get rid of this awful toothache?	I have a bad toothache. Is there anything I can do to get rid of this?
How do doctors stop preterm labor?	What are some ways doctors would suggest to stop preterm labor?
How do I cope with the uncertainty about huntington's disease with myself and my children?	What are some tips to cope with huntington's disease with myself and my children?
How early can you get an abortion?	How early can an abortion occur?
How good is an ultrasound in detecting ivh in my child?	Is ultrasound scan an accurate test to diagnose IVH in my child?
How is a labral tear in the shoulder with subluxation repaired?	I sustained an injury in the shoulder, with labral tear and subluxation. What are some treatment options to repair it?
How much time do you have to have sex for to get pregnant?	How long should one have sex to get pregnant?
How to manage back pain chronic back pain?	Are there any ways or remedies you would suggest to help with chronic back pain?
I eat alot now I just got love handles, how much are implants for butts?	I tend to eat a lot and now developed love handles. Any idea how much it costs for butt implants?
If dr orders a CT scan of abd/pelvic w/contrast an without, i can see it being done with contrast but what's the purpose of having it also without?	My doctor has ordered CT scan of the abdomen and pelvis with and without contrast. What is the purpose of having it without the constrast, if I already had it done with contrast?
I fell on my back at work and I'm having extreme pain in my left shoulder blade. I can't move it at all without bursting into tears. What should I do?	I was working out in the gym and lifted some weights today and started noticing severe upper back pain and around shoulder blade. I have sevee pain while trying to move my arm. What can I do to help with the pain?
If I didn't show any signs of Me being pregnant the first time around would I have any signs this time?	I'm currently 5 weeks pregnant and this is my second pregnancy. I didn't have any symptoms duing the first pregnancy and was wondering if I would have any now?
If one of my testicle atrophied from infection a decent amount, is it possible that the leydig cells are still left in it and only the sertoli died?	Is it posisble that the leydig cells are still intact and only the sertoli cells died, if one of the testicles has been atrophied from a recent infection?
I had a root canal and got a temp filling. Filling is falling out in chunks and my appointment for permanent filling is in a week will it be ok?	My temporary filling that I got after a root canal seems to be falling out and do not have an appointment until next week for a permanent filling. What can I do now?
I had arrythmia, is it something that will leave over a period of time?	My doctor mentioned that I have arrythmia. Does it eventually go away or will I need treatment for it?
I had a sinus infection 3 weeks ago and i was prescribed z-pac.Felt better for a few days but I am congested again. Should i refill my z-pac?	I had a sinus infection about a month back, felt better for a few days after receiving Z-pac and now feel congested again. What can I do now?
I had sex with my boyfriend 2 weeks back, we used protection. The last time I had sex before that was 7 months ago. I am late by 6 days. Should I worry?	My period is late by 6 days and had protected sex with my boyfriend 2 weeks back and the last time I had sex before that was 7 months back. Is there anything to worry?
I have a black dot that looks like a mole on the inside of my outer vagina lips. I've noticed a while ago but now all of a sudden it's raised?	What does it mean if a mole is raised? I had a black spot on the vaginal lips for a while now and seems to be raised now.
I have a ingrown toenail for about 2 years now and I want to get surgery but in 5 months, is it bad to wait 5 mnths to get surgery.?	I have been dealing with an ingrown toenail for 2 yrs now and wanted to know if it would be bad to wait for 5 months to get a surgery?
I have a scab just inside my left nostril that hasn't healed in over a month. I pick off fluffy part but base more difficult n painful. Neosporin ok?	I noticed a non-healing scab inside the left nostril for over a month now with easy to pull off fluffy part but base has been painful. Is it ok to use Neosporin?
I have external small hard darkish lump on my sternum, dead centre, 1 inch above nipple level. Not painful. Should I be concerned?	I have a painless small hard bump on the sternum that seems to be a little dark and is about 2 cm in size, above the nipple level. Is this something to be worried about?
I havent had my period for seven months now and im not pregnant, I have occasional abdomen slight discomfort but nothing significant, what's wrong??	My period has been absent for 7 months now and pregnancy has been excluded. I notice occasional abdominal discomfort but is not significant. What could be wrong?
I have osteoarthritis, naproxen 1/2 (500mg) twice a day 4 joint pain, pain getting stronger have an appt. on 2/12/16 with rheumatologist ¿what to do?	I have been diagnosed with osteoarthritis and have an upcoming appointment with the rheumatologist. I have been taking naproxen 1/2 ( 500mg) twice a day for the joint pain but the pain has been getting stronger. Is there anything else I can do to help with the pain?
I have really bad dandruff and ketaconazole shampoo did not work. What do I do?	I have been suffering from severe dandruff and ketoconazole does not seem to work. Is there anything else I can do?
I'm about 17 weeks pregnant and get cramps already; is that a scary thing?	I'm 17 weeks pregnant and was wondering if it is bad to notice cramps already?
Im an 18  year old female and lately i think I have been showing signs of bi-polar disorder, what should I do?	My 22 yr old daughter has been anxious and depressed lately. I was wondering if this could be bipolar disorder? She seems to have a lot of those symtpoms.
Im a young & i get acne still I have tryed meds & creams from a dr. But nothing is working i really don't want to damage my face any ideas what to try?	I'm young and have been experiencing acne for a long time now. I have tried various medicaitons and creams prescribed by doctors but nothing worked and wanted to know if there are any ideas on what to try, without causing damage to my face?
I'm experiencing stomach pains, vomiting immediately after eating food and frequenting the washrooms for long calls is it in any way amoeba infection ?	I have been noticing stomach ache, vomiting after eating food and frequent washroom breaks. Does that sound like amoeba infection?
I'm feeling tightness on the left lower side of my stomach and when I lay on my side it takes my breath away? What's wrong with me?	My stomach feels tight on the left lower side and laying down on one sdie takes my breathe away. What could be wrong?
I nearly have 3 days of incomplete rest. How can I stay in condition?	What are some ways to cope if I have not been getting enough rest for 3 days?
I never had any pain before/during my period. The other day I started having pain in the pelvic area. At night it's so excruciating I can barely move.	I noticed severe pain in the pelvic area at night and could barely move. I'm currenrly on my period and have never experieced pain before/ during period. What could it be?
In the past year I have experienced sharp pains in my left breast. I have had an exam and even and mammogram and everything is ok.	I have noticed sharp pain in the left breast over the past year and had a breast exam and mammogram, all of which came back ok. What could be causing the pain?
I reached over a counter and something popped on my left side above rib cage. It gets sore if I pull on something, etc What is this injury? IA weekno	I notice soreness above the left rib cage if I pull on something and happened after it popped as I reached over a counter. What kind of an injury is this?
Is it ok to have Valium when taking sinemet (carbidopa and levodopa) 100/25 & rapid. My sister has dystonia and is in hospital and docs there never heard of dystonia.	My sister has been admitted in the hospital for Dystonia and was wondering if it is ok to take Valium when taking Sinemet (carbidopa and levodopa) 100/25. The doctors do not seem to have an idea about whats going on. Should I take another opinion?
Is it possible for my hubby to know whether I am a virgin or not?	Is there a way for my husband to find out if I'm a virgin or not?
Is it safe to use silicone gel sheet on acne scar on the face?	What is the safety of using silicone gel sheet on acne scar on the face?
Is odomos safe during pregnancy?	What is the safety of odomos during pregnancy?
Is sex good for a relationship?	I'm in a relationship and was wondering what are the benefits of sex?
Is taking 5mg of prednisone daily for a year considered fairly safe?	Is it considered safe to take 5 mg of prednisone daily for a year?
Is there any cure for restless legs?	What is the cure for restless legs?
I talk in my sleep with my eyes open but have no memory of the conversations.	My family and friends mentioned that I talk in my sleep with eyes open but I do not recollect any of them. Should I be worried?
I've got a stabbing pain in my groin in scrotum, what would cause this?	What does sharp excrutiating pain in the groin and scrotum mean? What can cause this?
I've had body aches, blocked stuffy nose, headaches, pressure in my face and throat tightness and it feels dry for 6 months is it a bad cold?	For the last 6 months, I've noticed symptoms like body aches, stuffy nose, headaches, pressure sensation in the face, throat tightness and feels dry. Can a cold last this long or should I be looking for something else?
Ive noticed that after eating my resting heart rate goes from the 60s close to the 80s. Is this normal after eating?	My resting heart rate seems to go from 60s to 80s after eating. Is that expected after eating?
I very often have dull pain in the lower left abdomen. Although bearable, should I still be concerned due to its frequent occurance and see a doctor?	I noticed a dull pain in the left lower abdomen and has been recurrent, notice it often. It has been bearable but I'm concerned if I should see a doctor about it?
I was fingured by a guy for first time, he was touching his penis which was wet with precum and then he fingured my vagina.Can i get HIV through this?	Is there a possibility of acquiring HIV through fingering? I was wondering because I was fingered by a guy for the first time after he was touching his penis which had precum.
My 24 year old daughter thinks she may be developing schizophrnia. A couple months ago she started feeling tired all the time and stopped socializing?	My 24 yr old daughter started feeling tired all the time and stopped socializing about 2 months back and thinks she may be developing schizophrenia. What could be causing this?
My 2 yr old has red bumps with white middle spots on his stomach, chest, and thighs. They don't bother him but have been there for 1 wk. What r they?	My 3 yr old daughter has a rash with white middle spots on some parts of the body, for 10 days now and is more on the chest and abdomen but does not have any itching. What could they be?
My blood report from Sunday Evening i.e. 14th june (23rd day) of 34 days cycle shows I ovulated and its 35 unit. So when did I ovulated?	I got my hormones levels checked on 21st day of my 28 day cycle as suggested by my doctor and it showed good levels. Does that confirm ovulation has occured on that day?
My daughter was diagnosed w a murmur@her4month appt. We went2the hospital2do xrays&an ekg. L8r told2go2dallas cardiologist what could b wrng!	My 4 month old daughter has been diagnsoed with a murmur during her recent appointment. Tests like x-rays and an EKG were done and later referred to a cardiologist in Dallas. Any idea what could be wrong?
My entire left side of my body has a sharp pain going through my whole left side of my body. I have a sharp pain in my neck and around my heart what s?	I have pain on the entire left side of the body along with pain in the neck and around the heart. What could it be?
My heart-rate while in bed is 58-60bpm, when changing positions, it increases then goes back to 60, is this a normal reaction?	My heart rate has been fluctuating between 58-60 while in bed, which then increases while changing positons and then goes back to 60. Does that seem normal?
My mom also had a cancerous lump removed from her breast a few years ago. Could it be the same thing now?	Can lump in breast recur? My mother underwent a surgery few years back for removal of a cancerous lump from the breast.
My mother is having burning sensation in her left hand she is a diabetic patient and having asthma problem please help me what does it mean?	My mother is a known diabetic and asthmatic. She has been having burning sensation in the left hand. What does that mean?
My scalp is very itchy and im loosing a lot of hair each day. My skin is oily type. Gp prescribed me diprosalic for scalp aplication. What can cause it?	I have an oily scalp and it has been very itchy. I have been losing a lot of hair each day and my GP prescribed me diprosalic for scalp application. What could be causing it?
My wife continues pain in her lower left side. She went to Dr a he could not find any problem. However pain is still a problem all day. Anything?	My wife has been experiencing continuous pain in the left lower sdie and has been to the doctor, but did not find any abnormality. The pain seems to be lasting all day. What could it be?
Nev er miss a period in life until I start date man outside my race. I had feb march apr no period  got light for only 2 day may no period since ?	I've always had regular period and never missed a period in my life until I started dating a man outside my race and I had no period since last month other than slightly bleeding for 2 days. What does that mean?
Orthostatic hypotension. I put table salt in a pint of water a few times a day and drink it. Can i overdose and die from the salt? Male 22.	I'm a 22 yr old male and I think I have orhtostatic hypotension and used table salt in a pint of water to drink a few times a day. Is there is a chance of overdose and death from the salt?
Pain in mid right of stomach?	What does pain in the middle of the stomach on right side mean?
Please help doc asap ...I have trouble allergies and my eyes feel like its rock in them for 2 days nows very very painful what can I do ? I tookbenado	My allergies have been acting up and I have a sensation of heaviness in the eyes for 2 days and now have been very painful. What can I do to help with it?
Rash all over body starts on head itchy but bearable, then spreads all over body rapidly first looks like nettle sting but then turns extremely red ?	I was picking weeds in my backyard and noticed an itchy rash all over my body which starts on head and spreads rapidly to the rest of the body, turns very red and looks like stinging nettle or poison ivy. How do I know what it could be? Should I go to the ER?
Scalp psoriasis.What is treatment?	I have been diagnosed with scalp psoriasis. What are the treatment options available?
Self-waxing pubic hair - is it hard to do?	Is self waxing pubic hair hard to do?
Sharp inconsistent  pains on  the right side near the ovaries and lower back. Pain came out of nowhere and started today its been 4 hours. Help?	I have been noticing pain in the right lower abdomen and lower back for about 4 hrs now, that has been sharp and inconsistent. What can I do to help relieve it?
Should I see a doctor about possibly anxiety/depression issues? I haven't been feeling like myself lately. I've taken several online depression/anxiety inventories and they've all come back that I have moderate/severe qualities of depression, however I do	I do not feel myself lately and have researched a lot online and all of them come back saying I have moderate/ severe qualities of depression. Would a doctor's visit be helpful to confirm anxiety/ depression?
Should I take my Cymbalta (duloxetine) 30mg in a.m. or p.m.? I take it for diabetic neuropathy.  My Neuropathy is worse in the evening and night. Thank you.	I have diabetic neuropathy that seems to be worse at evening and night. Wanted to know if I should take the 30 mg Cymbalta (Duloxetine)  in the night or morning?
So the bf is disgusted by my stretch marks. What can I do to get rid of them?	I have stretch marks and my partner does not seem to be happy. What would you suggest I do to get rid of them?
Sudden chest pain shortness of breath, resting hr at 100 is this pulmonary embolism i'm a 30/m. I have a family history. If i go to ER will they run CT scan for this?	I'm a 40 yr old male, smoker for 10 yrs. Developed sudden swelling in the leg with severe pain and is red. My chest seems to hurt and I feel shortness of breath. Does that sound like pulmonary embolism? Should I visit the ER?
Sunscreen lotion for african americans with very extremely sensitive skin?	I'm a 25 yr old African American girl with an extremely sensitive skin and wanted to see if you had any suggestons for a good sunscreen lotion?
The 2nd person closest to me had a cold sore and passed it to  the person next to me who hit it and passed it to me (glass pipe) am i at risk?	I was wondering if I am at risk of acquiring cold sore, after I had come in close contact with a person who had a cold sore, which was passed from the person next to them.
There is a psychiatric night time tablet for schizophrenia that starts with 'c', does it cause drowsiness?	I was prescribed on Abilify for schizophrenia to be taken at night time. Can this make me to feel more sleepy?
Unexplained numbness and sharp stabbing pain in the left side of my body. Suggestions?	I noticed sharp stabbing pain on the left side of the body along with unexplained numbness. What would you suggest I do?
Very large bruise at old scar about 29 yrs ago i had my appendix removed. Now i was changing shirts to day and i saw a very large bruise around the scar in about a 6 or 8" circle. It looks like a big explosion of blood in the circle.	I underwent appendectomy many years ago and now noticed a large bruise along the old scar area. Is this related to my past surgery?
What are some really good ways to stimulate adrenaline?	Are there any good ways to stimulate adrenaline?
What are the complications of ANLL?	Could you explain about complications of ANLL?
What are the side effects of stelazine (trifluoperazine)?	I have been prescribed onstelazine (trifluoperazine). Does the medication have any side effects?
What can I do for intestinal blockage?	What are the treatment options for intestinal blockage? Are there any home remedies?
What can I do to sleep better?	Are there any tips to get a good sleep?
What causes a problem with lower back (right side) down the leg to near ankle?	I have a problem with lower right side of the leg near the ankle. What could cause a problem like that?
What could cause sensitive gums two months after a root canal?	I developed sensitive gums 2 months after root canal and wanted to know what could cause them?
What does it mean to have sporadic headaches?	I have been experiencing sporadic headaches. What does that indicate?
What does spinning around do to the brain to cause you to vomit?	Why does spinning around cause vomiting? What does it do to the brain?
What is ayurvedic, or homeopathic medicine for chronic rhinitis?	Are there any alternative medicine treatments like ayurvedic or homeopathic that you would suggest for chronic rhinitis?
What is gastrointestinal influenza? Is it contagious?	Is gastrointestinal influenza contagious? What are the symptoms it would present with?
What is the most effective skin bleach/lightening cream?	Is there any good bleach/ lightening cream that you would suggest for effective reuslts?
What is the retinal pigment epithelium?	Can you explain what is the retinal pigment epithelium?
What kinds of epilepsy are there?	What are the types of epilepsy?
What method is there to get rid of this cough and wheezing?	I have been experiencing cough and wheezing. What are some ways I can try to get rid of this?
What should we do if my husband vomitted blood? He has been having stomach aches this past week and vomitted blood for the first time tonight.	My husband has been experiencing stomaches for the last week and vomitted blood for the first time tonight. Should I take him to the ER?
What to do if I'm 58 years old man.befoe 25 days I was found with widal positive but after 25 days widal test is negative..?	I'm a 58 yr old man and was found to have a WIDAL test positive about 25 days ago and now after 25 days it is negative. What can I do?
What ways/exercises are most effective for getting rid of thigh fat?	Are there any exercises that are most effective for getting rid of fat in the thigh?
When after a sinus infection clears up will brain fog go away?	How long does it take for brain fog to clear after receiving treatment for sinus infection?
When do you apply sunscreen: before or after skin care?	When is the best time to apply sunscreen and how do I use it with other skincare products?
When I use the bathroom, my poop are sometimes the size of meat balls or bigger. And it's hard to push I eat fruits vegetables. When using I bleed why?	I have been noticing blood in stools for some time now, with hard stools and need to strain while passing stools. My diet seems to be healthy and I do eat fruits and vegetables. What can I do to help with this?
Why am i so forgetful all the time i forget we're i'm going what i'm doing an saying?	I have been forgetting where I am, what I'm doing or saying. What could be causing the forgetfulness?
Why does my back hurt when I breathe or bend over? Its kind of in my upper middle back but just on the right side.	I started noticing pain in the upper middle back on the right side and hurts to breathe and bend over. Any idea what it could be?
Why do I have chronic ankle ligament pain for no reason?	I have been experiencing ankle pain for a long time now and started out of nowhere. I have not sustained any injuries. Does that sound like a ligament pain?
Will anyone tell me how come I have small pimple like bumps n my nipple and the surrounding part?	I notice small pimple like spots on the nipple and surrounding area. What could they be?
A BNP value less than 10 pg/ML can rule out CHF or some serious heart problem? Thanks	My BNP value is less than 10pg/ML, does it rules out CHF or serious heart problem?
Are all lymph node removal surgeries cancerous in nature? Can you share some sources?	Does all cancer clearing surgery remove lymph nodes? Can you enlighten me with some relevant sources?
Can ciproflaxin and amoxicillin be taken together?	I am having sore throat, can I take amoxicillin and ciprofloxacin together?
Can I take Cymbalta (duloxetine) with gabapentin?	Would there any any side effects, if I take Cymbalta ( Duloxetine) with Gabapentin?
Can stem cell research help diseased arteries?	I have diseased arteries, can stem cell research help me?
Can sun urticaria cause anaphylaxis?	Is it possible for the sun urticaria to cause anaphylaxis?
Can u take Prilosec OTC with fluoxetine?	I am on fluoxetine one tablet daily, can I take Prilosec with it?
Can you explain if it's possible to have a lot of the symptoms of type 2 diabetes and not have it?	Could you apprise me of any condition with similar symptoms to diabetes mellitus type 2?
Can you take tylenol (acetaminophen) and Advil together? Can you take tylenol (acetaminophen) and Advil together?	I am having severe pain, can I take Advil and Tylenol (acetaminophen) together?
Can you tell me how i can take prohormones the right way?	I want to take prohormones, what's the right way to take them?
Can you tell me if i could get the stomach flu twice?	I just had stomach flu and was treated for it. Can I get it twice?
Chest keeps popping i don't know why  went to the doctor and they said , y chest was inflamed is the anything that can make the inflammation go away?	My doctor said  that I have chest inflammation as my chest kept popping at times.Could you suggest some remdies?
Chest pain cough that's last couple weeks. Now have blood shot eyes that are irritated cheek lil swollen also nauseas head ache fatigue what is it?	I am having blood shot eyes that are irritated and swollen, also having headache and feeling nausous. I have history of chest pain with cough from last couple of weeks. Could you tell me, what's going on?
Clomiphene citrate 100mg from   3rd day for 5 days any possibility for twins and conceiving? Please answer	Hi! I am on Clomiphene citrate 100mg on a 5 days regimen and this is my 3rd day. Any chances of conceiving or twin pregnancy?
Cortisone shot as a diagnostic tool in the knee what does this mean. If the shot worked does it mean inflammation? If not internal damage. Help	I have been advised for cortisone shot in my knee, as diagnostic tool. My doctor tells me if the shot works it means inflammation if not, it indicates internal damage. Is my doctor right?
Could you tell me what happens when you quit smoking?	May I know, what are the withdrawal symptoms, when we quit smoking?
Does a thyroid level in the TSH 4.1 to 5.2 range indicate hypothyroidism? Is very dry skin and increase in acne also a symptom?	I have a very dry skin and increase in acne. Is it relate to hypothyroidism? My TSH value is between 4.1 to 5.2.
Does endocervical component mean endometriosis?	My doctor diagnosed me with endomteriosis, what does endocervical component means?
Does zyrtec (cetirizine) helps for swollen lips?	I have swollen lips, can I have zyrtec(cetrizine)? Would it help?
For a week had pain under left breast, worst when rolling to that side in bed or getting up from laying down. most of the time I cannot deep breath?	I am having difficulty in breathing along with pain under the left breast which escalates on moving. What it could be?
From last 4 days I get burning feeling in my throat. I am doing gargle but no improvement. Pls help?	Could you help me in overcoming burning sensation of the throat from past 4 days? I tried gargles but no help.
Has anyone else had nasty side effects from taking alendronate/fosamax for osteoporosis?	I have been prescribed alendronate/fosamax for ostoporosis. Does these medication gives you side effects? Has anyone from your practice has reported about them?
Hey! If I stay in the shower a long time my nose starts dripping and running like crazy. I also can begin sneezing time after time. Any idea? Thanks!!	Could you help me? I start having dripping nose if I stand in a shower for long time, I also have sneezing time after time. Do you have any idea?
Hi doctor I tested hsv2 IgG 2.16 Elisa after 70 days of my protected encounter only vaginal. I discuss two doctor n they say Ur fine Pls clear, no symp?	Hello doctor. I was worried about having STD, so got hsv2 IgG Elisa done 70 days after the protected intercourse, my levels are 2.16. Am I safe? Two doctor's whom I have consulted, mentioned that I am fine.
High myopia category involves the astigmatism also?	Could you tell me, whether astigmatism also includes high myopia category?
Hi! I have a 7 years old daughter i noticed that she's having a deep breathing in every minute. What is wrong with her?	I am worried about my 7 year old daughter, who is deep breathing after every 1 minute. Is it serious?
Hi  I have epilepsy and have 30 seizures a day i'm on epillim 2000mg  a day is it possible to go on a higher dose?	I have been diagnosed with epilespsy and being prescribed epillim 2000mg a day, I am still having 30 seizures per day,is it possible that my dose could be increased further higher?
Hi I just got over the stomach flu and have been experiencing chest, throat and jaw pain. I was wondering what it could be? I don't want to worry, but	I know, I shouldn't worry but  I am having jaw, chest and throat pain after just getting over with stoamch flu. I wonder, what it could be?
How are metabolic rate and free radical production related to human lifespan? What are some medically proven ways to control the metabolic rate and free radical production?	Are metabolic rate and free radical production related to human life span? How we can control them? Are there any medical proven ways for that?
How can warfarin alternatives work?	Could you apprise me, how does warfarin alternatives work?
How is substance abuse diagnosed?	Could you tell me, how substance abuse is diagnosed?
How long does a wrenched ligament in the knee take to heal?	I have a wrenched ligament in the knee, how long would it take to heal up?
How long does it normally take a man to ejaculate, and at what point is ejaculation considered premature?	I usually take 2-3 minutes for ejaculation. Do you think it's premature? What's the normal duration for ejaculation to occur?
How long does it take for my vitamin d levels to get back to normal (about 70-80)? mine is 29 and I am taking 2000 ius/day and trying to get sun in FL	My vitamin D levels is 29. The doctor advised me to take 2000ius/day and maximum of sun in Fl, so that normal levels of 70-80 can be achieved. Could you tell me, how long would it take to reach the normal levels?
How long does it take to heal from a tubuligation reversal?	May I know, how long does it take to heal from tubal ligation reversal?
How long is it normal for a jammed joint in your foot take to heel?	Could you tell me, how long does a jammed joint in your foot  takes to heal up?
How long should u wait on an ssri (fluvoxamine) if you don't see any improvement? How much time will u give it to be sure there will be no improvement?	I have been prescribed ssri (fluvoxamine) for my anxiety but I am still not seeing any improvement. How much time should I wait before I consult my doctor again?
How long would you need to take off if you have a mental breakdown due to work?	I just had a mental breakdown and don't want to go to work as it's causing it, how long would I need to take off?
How many hours do you have to walk to see weight loss? How long will it take before i see noticeable weight loss?	I am striving for weight loss. Could you tell me how many hours should I walk, before I see the noticeable change?
How much should I take the biotin 500mg?	I have been advised biotin 500mg, how much should I take?
How much taller will a girl grow after she starts her period?	I have just started with my periods, how tall can I grow now?
Husband takes prograf and may have cancer; will cancers spread quickly on prograf?	Can prograf increase the chances of cancer spread? My husband takes prograf?
I am about 15 weeks of pregnant and I have difficulty to sleep what can I take for helping me sleep. Thank you?	Thank you for your response. I am not able to sleep at all. I am 15 weeks pregnant, I have taken many things but they are not helping. Could you suggest me something?
I am a girl, my cum is a little foamy and thick. stringy too. I have no smyptoms, but is this normal?	My cum is a little foamy, thick and stringy. Is it normal for  girl?
I am currently taking levothyroxine. 125 mg for hypothyroidism and trying to get back into bodybuilding. Is it safe to take a bcaa supplement?	I am suffering from hypothyroidism and currently taking .125 mg levothyroxine daily. Can I take BCAA supplement along? It's very essential for bodybuilding.
I am feeling pain all over my stomach, what should I do?	Could you suggest me some remedies for pain all over my stoamch?
I am having a hard time finding info. On the success of a 3 level lumbar fusion with an internal stimulator. Previous fusion no growth. Please help?!?	Could you explain me the meaning of success of a 3 level lumbar fusion with internal stimulator. Previous fusion no growth?
I am having surgery on my inner right ankle for a 1.4cm mass thats between bone and nerve the nerve might be connected. How big will the incision be. ?	I have a 1.4 cm mass on my inner right ankle between the bone and nerve. I have a planned surgery, could you apprise how big the incision will be too excise that mass?
I can feel small lymph node in my neck the doctor said its 9m is this normal.Iam itlle worry.But the rest of the lymph node i can't feel them.	I can feel  a 9mm lymph node on my neck, the doctor have also comfirmed the size. Is it normal?
I feel like depression and anxiety are ruining my life, need some advice?	I need some advice, on how to manage anxiety and depression? They have been ruining my life.
If I am feeling suicidal what should I do?	I have suicidal ideation, what should I do? Should I see the doctor?
If pus in stool is occasionally is there any problem?	I am having pus in my stools ocassionally, should I be worried? Is it a problem?
If you take birth control regularly, miss one does on the only night you've had sex in 1 year (no sex after), then continue to take regularly thereafter, how is it possible to get pregnant with twins?	I have been taking birth control pills regularly and have missed one pill during the intercourse night and have been taking them regularly after that. What are my chances of getting pregnant with twins?
I got bit by an insect on my calf muscle. Its been bruised for almost a month now. Its not itchy but it is swelling & pain when I bend my knee?	I have swelling and pain on my calf region in bending the knee. I got bit by insect on my calf a month ago, the bruising has subside now. Should I see the doctor?
I have abdominal pain that wakes me up daily, naseous all the time, can't finish full meals, dizzy when I stand. Has been happening for 2-3 weeks?	From past 2-3 weeks, I have been having abdominal pain that are waking me up along with nausea, dizziness on standing and inability to finih my meals. What it could be?
I have had paragard 14 months, 12 days late should I wait to see if I mss my next cycle?	I am on paragard from past 14 month. I am 12 days late. What should I do? Wait till my next cycle?
I have tenderness/swelling in front of my right ear, most noticeable when mouth is open, feels like it could be top of jaw. Sharp pain in ear area too?	I have perceptible tenderness and swelling in front of my ear, mostly on opening of the jaw along with ear pain. What could cause it?
I just need to know if a low does antidepressant with Vyvanse (lisdexamfetamine) helps to not get the depression when you go off the Vyvanse (lisdexamfetamine) for weekends?	I am planning to skip Vyvanse (lisdexamfetamine) during the weekends, does adding any low dose anti-depressants with Vyvanse, helps to counter any depression?
I'm 16 weeks pregnant and the skin on left side of my stomach and back is sensitive and extremely painful when touched. But I have no rash. Why?	I am having sensitive and painful left side of stomach and back, the area is very tender to touch, want to add that I am 16 week pregnant. Can you help?
I'm in high school.I need to get to bet by 8:00 pm to get 9hours of sleep.I find myself stating up until 11 pm. What can I do to get to bed on time ?	Being a high school student, I need 9 hours of sleep, but I am usually up till 11PM, though I should sleep by 8PM. What should I do?
I'm not sure but is huntington's disease a congenital disease?	Does huntington's disease comes under congenital disease?
Interested in yoga but don't know which one to do to help me relax. What should I do?	I am intersted in yoga but not aware which one should I do for relxation. Could you help me?
I often feel these odd shudders in my stomache. My stomach kind of shakes. It freaks me out. What could it be?	I have been experiencing stomach shaking and shudders from quite some time. I am freaking out. What is causing this?
I pricked myself on a knockout rose bush last friday. The swelling has gone down some, but it still hurts/itches in two spots. Is it infected?	I have pain and itch at two spots, does this means I am infected? I sustained them as I pricked myself on a knockout bush last friday.  I wanted to add that swelling has gone down.
Is going from 40 mg Nexium to 20 mg Nexium and then 10 mg Nexium granuels a good way of weaning of?Sudden stopping I hear can result in sever rebound.	My doctor has advised to wean off my Nexium from 40 mg to 20 mg and then to 10mg Nexium granules. Is it a good way to wean off Nexium? Will it prevent any severe rebound?
Is it okay for 18 year olds to take thermogenics?	May I know, can 18 year old take thermogenics?
Is it okay for momma to breastfed while taking prednisone?	Can one breastfead while being on prednisone? My Momma is asking.
Is it possible to be able to stop the ssri you're taking one day and having been recovered totally from OCD so no need for meds again?	Can SSRI completely treat the OCD, so that you don't need to take it in future?
Is it possible to reverse skin atrophy caused by excess use of topical steroids?	Can you suggest me ways to reverse skin atrophy caused by topical steroids. Is it possible?
Is it safe to take fish oil and lisinopril together?	I am on lisinopril, can I take fish oil with lisnopril together?
Is it safe to take Tylenol (acetaminophen) Cold Multi Symptom Nighttime and 10mg of melatonin?	I am having cold but I usually take melatonin 10 mg for sleep, can I take Tylenol (acetaminophen) cold multisymptom nightime along with it?
Is levaquin (levofloxacin) for diverticulis?	Does doctor prescribe levaquin( levofloxacin) for diverticulitis?
I smoke and drink alcohol, is my sperm healthy? Can it last 7 days inside the uterus?	I usually smoke and drink alcohol, is my sperm healthy enough to last inside the uterus for 7 days or more?
Is there any food that affects semen ejaculation volume?	Could you apprise me of some foods that can increase semen ejection volume?
Is there a shot available i can take annually that will reduce my reaction to poison ivy? I asked my doc.'s nurse and she said she never heard of such a thing.	I often get poison ivy, is there any shot available to counter it?  My doctor's nurse say there isn't.
I stubbed my finger while working out. If i leave it alone, will it just go back to normal? And what is the time frame?	I stubbed my finger accidentaly while working out.  What is the normal time frame for it to get normal?
Is whey protein bad for men with endogenic hair fall?	I am having endogenic hairfall. Can I take whey protein?  Is it bad?
It is safe to take 20mg of Zyrtec (cetirizine) daily? I take it in the morning but 12 hrs later I am suffering. If I don't take another one at night I dont sleep.	I am not able to sleep. I usually take 20 mg Zyretc (Cetrizine)  in the morning. Can I take another dose after 12 hours for sleeping?
I took 20mg of Prozac (fluoxetine) for 4 days. I have been off of it for 3 days. How long does it take to get out of my system?	From past 3 days, I have not taken the Prozac( flouxetine) 20 mg, which I had earlier taken for 4 days. Do you think, it's out of my system? How long does it take for it to get out of the system?
I've had my tonsils out and my lymph nodes seem to be swollen lot can it be from allergies I get a lot of drainage?	Could allergies cause swollen lymph nodes and tonsils? I am also having lot of drainage.
I've had swollen throat with white spots no fever no pain.  For five days. Facial pain and now diarreaha. Do you think this  is strep throat?	My symptoms are swollen throat with white spots, no fever and pain along with facial pain and diarrhea. Are these symptoms associated with strep throat?
I've used nasal spray and have taken Claritin and mucinex (guaifenesin). is there anything I can do to taste again?	I am having loss of taste. I had already used nasal sprays, Claritin and even mucinex (guaifenesin) but still no help. Could you suggest me any more measures?
I was taking tamazepam 30mg for sleep and it  barely worked,  they have now switched me to ambien which does not work for me at all.  For years i took?	I have sleep issues, I used to take Tamazepam 30 mg from past quite a few years, which used to work barely for me, now the doctors have switched me to ambien, which doesn't work at all. What should I do?
Just had an operation on herniated disc l4/l5 and still same symptoms on left leg as before op i.E. Numbness and scrapping feeling, is this normal?	Post operative herniated disc l4/l5 but I am still having same symptoms i.e numbness and scrapping feeling. I am worried, I don't think its normal. Help me?
Left side face slight numbness was diagnosed with bellpssy but was not check for stroke  she is scared and wants to know what to do?	My friend was diagnosed with bell's palsy because of left side face numbness, she is worried, as she thinks it might be stroke? What she can do now?
Lower abdominal cramps before passing stool. Why does this happen?	Why one have lower abdominal cramps before passing stools?
Low lymphocytes for years on CBC, all else ok, 2 chest cts 14 mos apart both show same mildy enlarged L-nodes, some bilat, below 2 cms, diagnosis?	Could you help me with the diagnosis? I have low lymphocytes for years on CBC, 2 chest X rays which were done 14 months apart showed mildly enlarged lymphnodes below 2 cms.
Might it be that a a child get cancer if parent had one?	Can a child get cancer if parents have it?
My 2-year-old was given Cefdinir for very red throat but negative strep test, 2 siblings had strep. 3 days later has a fever. Back to dr?	Should I see the doctor again? My 2 year old who was prescribed cefdinir for red throat and negative strep  has develeoped fever 3 days later, his two sibling were diagnosed with strep.
My 4 year old son swallow aabout 10 mg rat killer pallet, I made him vomit by itching with finger in his throad and he vomit, what should I do next.?	I need help, my 4 year old  son swallowed 10mg rat killer pellet, though I made him vomit by itching his throat, what should I do next?
My5yr old had dental surgery under general anesthesia. He had versed before and Dr said he'd forget everything he remembers it all how come?	My 5 year old has dental issues and had undergone surgery under general anaesthesia. The Dr said, the child will forget everything he remembers of that procedure. Is it possible?
My 92 y.O friend suffers with knee & ankle arthritis. She is on xeralto 15mg, will using arnica gel for pain interfere with this blood thinner ? Thank	My 92 year old friend is on xeralto 15mg a blood thinner, she is also dealing with knee and ankle arthritis. Can arnica gel interfere with her medication?
My asthma flared up on 2mg abuterol and singulair (montelukast) have chest congestion what can i take OTC for congestion?	I have my asthma flared up recently, I am currently on 2 mg abuterol and singulair (montelukast), could you prescribe me any OTC medication for some relief?
My dad has got a high pressure, cholesterol and diabeties he take a lot of medicine I am really scared about him what should he do?	I am worried for my dad, he has high blood pressure, high cholestrol and diabetes. How can I help him? He is on medications though.
My dad has stage 4 nsclc, what tests he should normally do to check the progress/ regress? And how often.	What tests should one undergo if one is diagnosed with stage 5 nsclc? How often we should get them done to check its progress/regression? My dad has it.
My D is experiencing blood on end of stool & on tissue. 3rd day in a row but only on morning bm! Have GP appointment for 5 days, is this soon enough?	I have appointment with GP in 5 days, as My D has been experiencing blood on end of stool and tissue from past 5 days during the morning bowel movement. Is waiting for 5 days, a good idea?
My husband and I had unprotected sex and he comes. Inside me, he told me to jump to avoid the sperm penetrates the egg cell, is this true?	Can jumping after the intercourse prevent sperms penteration into the egg cell? My husband think it does.
My rheumatologist said 'if a patient has lupus then prednisone doesn't work." why is that?	I have lupus,my rheumatologist told me that prednisone doesn't work in my case. Could you educate me why? What are my chances?
My son was in the ER last night for a reaction to his Adderall after they give him Xanax (alprazolam) about 1130 last night he is seen things?	Could you please help? My son was prescribed Adderall, he developed reaction to that, we took him to the ER, he was prescribed Xanax( Alprazolam) about 1130 lat night, now he is seeing things?
My vitamin d level is 20...and taking vitamin d supplement gives me horrible muscle cramps even small dose 400..should I stop taking vitamin d ?	I usually have strong muscle cramps after taking vitamin d, even a dose of 400 give me cramps but my vitamin D level is 20. Should I stop the supplement?
Noticed small purple black lumps under foreskin on penis and one on penis head - (this one was already present before sex). Could it be genital warts?	Does genital warts present as small purple black lumps on foreskin and head of penis?
One year old daughter crying for breast feed in night. Eats mild solids well. Not drinking bottle milk . Expects me always around her, else she cries?	My one year old daughter always wants me to breast feed her, even at night, unless she cries. What can I do?
On second depo shot can it make your boobs hurt? Be sore can it also darken your nipples?	Can depo shots darken your nipples and make the boobs hurt?
Out of the blue, my heart will just get this pain. It really hurts. Why?	I  sometimes gets chest pain out of the blue, what could be the reason?
Period five days late when should I take pregnancy rest?	I am worried, I am 5 days late for my periods, when should I take the pregnancy test?
Please help! what is the surgery procedure called that removes the boney growth i know the first word is alveo?	Could you apprise me of the surgical procedure that helps in removing the bony growth? Is it something with alevo?
Should I throw away my hats to prevent reinfection from tinea capitis? Can the fungus stay on the fabric on the hat?	I have recurrent tinea capitis. I also wear my hat a lot and I think it's causing this. Do you think fungus can stay that long on the hat fabric? If yes, should I throw my hat?
Stopping the contraceptive pill after being on it for 8 years. How long will it be till I am fully natural with my cycle again? Will my acne return?	I was on contraceptive pills from past 8 years. Now I want to stop them, may I know, when can my cycles be regular again?  Before starting with the pills, I was dealing with acne issues. Will the acne return again?
Symptoms of arthritis in the spine?	What are the symptoms of spine arthritis?
Symptoms of breakthrough chickenpox occur on the body, treatment?	I have symptoms of chicken pox breathrough which is affecting my body. Could you suggest some treatment?
Think I slightly inflamed my breast tissue from self-examining them too hard. Could this cause an enlarged lymph node in the area?	Can self examination can cause enlarged lymph node? I think I inlfamed my breast tissue after doing self examination.
Total health.........,,,, I am having loer back stifiness,,,,,, weight loss,,,,, thick lips.............	I am having  lower back stiffness, weight loss and thick lips. What should I do?
Ttc fr 1yr after molar. Sperm normal, hsg norm, tsh-2.85, estrodiol-20.8fsh-9.68, lh-5.63prolactin-24.1amh-0.62afc-3.results normal? Wats next step? Age-28	I am 28 years old female trying to conceive from past 1 year. My test results are following- sperms normal, hsg normal, tsh-2.85, estrodiol-20.8, fsh-9.68, lh-5.63,prolactin-24.1, amh-0.62, afc-0,3. Are these results normal?
Ultrasound shows enlarged gland with at least 3 nodules the biggest being 3.6 CM * 3.2cm.  the nodule is solid with increased vascularity. Diagnosis?	What diagnosis can you deduce from ultrassound report mentioning enarlged gland with atleast 3 nodules, biggest being 3.6*3.2 cm?
US=Diffuse thickening+edema of gastrocnemus. MD said its ok, ice it. Is this true? Leg's been hurting a lot for months. Now I limp after >10min walk	My leg has been hurting for months and I mostly limp after a 10 min walk. My US indicated diffuse thickening with edema of gastrocnemius. My MD said to ice up the region. Is this okay?
What are some illnesses of the lymphatic system?	Could you educated me about some illnesses of lymphatic system?
What are some sources of vitamin d?	Could you apprise me about the sources of vitamin D?
What are the healings from hydrotherapy ?	Hydrotherapy is known to have many healings, could you educate?
What are the known symptoms of spondylolisthesis?	Could you apprise me about the symptoms of spondylolisthesis?
What are the symptoms of diphtheria	Could you apprise me of the symptoms of diptheria?
What does it mean when u have to take a deep breath to breath vetter?	I have been told to breathe deeper to breathe better, what does that mean?
What do you advise if i had which were growling stomach and excessive flatulence. What could've caused this?	I have been having growling stoamch and excessive flatulence, what it could be and what should I do?
What do you advise if I sprained my ankle about 2 weeks ago and the foot is feeling numb?	My foot is numb and had sprained my ankle 2 weeks ago. Can you suggest some home remdies?
What is an easy home remedie for premature ejaculation?	Could you apprise me of some easy home remedies for premature ejaculation?
What is neuromytonia (isaacs syndrome)?	Could you educate me about neuromytonia also known as issacs syndrome?
What is the direction of some legitimate plastic surgeons that deal in cleft lips?	Could you apprise me of some legitimate plastic surgeons dealing with cleft lip?
What is the maximum amount of Valium someone can take without overdosing?	I am afraid, I may overdose. Could you tell me what's the maximum dose of Valium that one can take?
What might cause glands in my armpit to swell?	I am having swollen up glands in my armpit. What are the causes?
What r the main symptom of acute HIV?	Could you educate me about the main symptoms of HIV?
What should you do if a condom tears, while having intercourse?	Can one have comdom tear while having intercourse? If yes, what one should do?
What supplement or vitamin can I take that would increase blood curculation to knee?	I am having knee issues, what supplements or vitamins can I take to increase blood circulation to the knee?
What symptoms will I have if  I have strep throat?	Could you apprise me about the symptoms of strep throat?
What tests are done to figure if you have circulation problems in thighs sometimes when standing too long. What exer can I do to  when it comes ?	I think I have circulation problems in my thigh. What tests can I undergo? Could you also guide me about exercises?
What to do if I'm allergic to sunscreen but I work out in the sun all day what can I do from stop getting burn?	I work out in the sun and tend to get sun burns but I can't use sun screen as I am allergic to them. What should I do?
What will happen if a normal 19 year old guy took viagra (sildenafil)?	I am 19 year old male. I am planning to take viagra ( sildenafil). Could you educate me, what might happen?
When I go to my doctor and tell him I urinate a lot, will he be able to determine if I'm diabetic or not?	I think I am diabetic as I am urinating a lot, will my doctor be able to detect it?
Why do spider bites take so long to heal?	I had a spider bite last week and it's still not healing, why it's taking too long?
Why I have abdominal obesity with fatty thighs and upper limd muscle atrophy?	I have abdominal obesity with fatty thighs but upper limb looks atrophied. Is it serious?
Will an infection in a belly piercing cause flu symptoms?	I have belly piercing and I think it's infection. Can it cause flu symptoms?
According to my boyfriend last time I had an absence events I had tears rolling down my cheeks but I wasn't sobbing or anything, is this normal?	I am diagnosed with absence seizures and the last time I had one tears are rolling but I was not sobbing or crying. Is it normal? My boy friend is concerned.
After many courses of antibiotics i still have the helicobacrer bacteria. What can you advise me?	I used many courses of antibiotics for helocobacter bacteria. There is no improvement in my symptoms. Can you advise what can be done next?
Are monochorionic-diamniotic twins usually healthy at birth?	Are monochorionic-diamniotic twins healthy at the time of birth?
Are there any medications or treatment options to help with bloating and discomfort during an IBS flare up ?	I am diagnosed with IBS and do you know any medications which may help ease bloating and burping?
Are there any sides effect of not doing the communicating hydrocele repaire?	I am diagnosed with hydrocele and advised surgery. I am scared and want to know the side effects if the repair is not done.
A week ago i used Monistat 1 (tioconazole) to treat a yeast infection. Now I have a vaginal odor and I am wondering if I should use safeguard soap to help the smell?	I used Monistat 1 to treat yeast infection and have vaginal odor and now can I use safeguard soap to help with smell?
Blood pressure is good sitting down 120/75. But just walking across room it goes to 140/90.  I'm not over weight or in bad shape. Should I be concern?	I am not obese and I am in good shape. Blood pressure is 120/75 when sitting down and when walking blood pressure is 140/90. I am concerned as to what to do.
Can a ultrasound show tumors in the kidney or stomach cancer and what does it mean when a ultrasound show a swollen kidney air around kidney and a possible blockage for a 7 year old girl thanks very much?	My 7 year old girl USG showed swollen kidney air around Kidneys and a possible bloackage. Can a kidney tumor and stomach cancer be seen on the USG?
Can I get an std, such as HIV from mutual materbation with my partner? Cum touched clit but didn't go inside vagina and also touched a cut on my hand	Me and my partner both did mutual masturbation. My cum touched her clitoris and it did no go inside the vagina and it also touched the cut on my hand. Am I in risk of gettig an STD?
Can I take oral terbinafine for onychomycosis? I had taken 45 oral terbinafine.Now foot toenail skin are red & pain. It will cure?	Has taking oral terbinafine for onchomycosis and has taken 45 pills. Now foot, toenail, skin are red and painful. Wanted to  know if terbinafine may help.
Can metronidazole topical cream be used vaginally?	Hello doctor? Can I use metronidazole topical cream vaginally?
Can my child with hemophilia participate in activities?	My child is diagnosed with hemophilia? He wants to participate in school marathon and games. Can he participate?
Can rogaine (minoxidil) cause weight gain, body aches and pain in the kidney area? I've been on it nearly a month.	I am on rogaine monoxidil for a month. Does it cause body pain, pain in kidney area and I have been on it for a month?
Can scar tissue on the uterus or bladder show up on an ultrasound?	I am undergoing a ultrasound tomorrow and can a scar tissue on uterus or bladder be seen on the ultrasound?
Can the ointment mupirocin USP 2% cause a rash when applied if its expired?	I used mupriocin USP 2% rash. May I know if it can cause a rash?
Can underactive detrusor ever return to normal?	I have underactive detrusor and does it return to normal.
Can you explain how to pass marijuana drug test?	Can you please tell me how to pass a marijuana drug test as I have been on marijuana for 5 weeks?
Cycle was 2 weeks late with negative preg tests. Period was 14 days of light to medium bleeding. Now I have thick brown discharge.	My cycle is 2 weeks late and negative PT. Period is light to medium for 14 days and now is dark brown. Bleeding is prolonged for a week and I am concerned.
Do i have to prove that im deficient in gh in order to get therapy, ive heard gh is already been approved for height increasing purpose from 2003?	I want to take gh for increase in height. I heart that it can be used for height growth since 2003 even if there is no deficiency. Is this correct?
Every morning I wake up perfectly normal, about an hour later, I am so tired. I can barely stay awake. I am also kind of dizzy. And confused.?	After waking up an hour later I get tired and can stay awake, I am dizzy and confused as well.
Feels like something is stuck in throat, shoulder and chest feels mildly heavy, upper back ache. No more coughing. What can this be?	I have no cough, feeling of something stick is throat, upper back ache and chest feels heavy. What are the causes of my symptoms?
Had sex then took plan b pill next day, few days after pill came light bleeding for 3 days, could I still be pregnant?	Hello doctor I took plan B and 3 days later I had light bleeding. Can I be pregnant 3 das later?
Had sex using condom and withdrawal 1 week after start of last period. Not on bc. Now having lower stomach pressure period due in one week. Pregnant?	After a week after my last period, I had intercourse using a condom and withdrawal method. I am not on birth control. I have lower abdominal pressure and cramps and my period is due in a week. Am I pregnant?
Hi I just found out I contracted an std. My doctor prescribed me Azithromicyn 500, they are too big to swallow, am I able to crush them up with food?	I contracted STD and now I am prescribed 500mg of Azithromycin and I cannot swallow them. Can I crush them and take them with food?
How can I handle friends that call me a 'junkie' for all my medications for my disability?	My friends call me a 'junkie' for all the medications for my disability. How do I deal with this?
How can I know if I have a varicose vein or a blood blister?	How can I know if I have a varicose vein or if it is a foot blister? Can you help me?
How do you fix loose upper dentures?	I have loose upper dentured and I want to know hot to fix them?
How likely is someone to give meningitis to someone if he's gotten the vaccine?	How likely is it to get meningitis after getting vaccination done?
How long after conception does implantation bleeding start? Last period 11/13-18 unprotected sex nov 25	My LMP - 11-13/18 and had unprotected sex on Novemeber 25th. May I ask when does implantation bleeding occur.
How safe is the use of azt (zidovudine) for HIV positive mothers?	I want to know about the safety of Zidovudine for HIV positive mothers?
How to cure urine infection?	Hello doctor, I am sure I have UTI? May I ask what are the remedies and treatments to help?
How to figure out how many calories per day for a teenage girl to lose weight?	I am trying to loose weight as I am obese. Can you please help me with the amount of caories I need to loose weight?
How to have your vaginal discharge smell nice?	Hello doctor, I have abnormal odor from my vagina. How can I make it smell nice?
I am 17 years old, and I have had troubles keeping or even maintaining an erection before sex. I have tried multiple times and don't know what to do anymore. It's really imbarrassing but my girlfriend said I should go see a doctor about it. I only masterb	I am 17 years old and have issues with maintaining a erection. My girlfriend asked me to see a doctor. I only masturbate. Should I see one?
I am 19 yrs old and how can I do a good body workout?	Can you please advise my about good body work outs? I am 19 years old.
I am experiencing urinary dribbling and abnormal urine stream. Recently catheterized during surgery could this have caused my issues?	I have urinary dribblng, abnormal urine stream and have been catheterized during surgery and can it be the cause for my issues?
I discovered I get this weakness in my hand whenever I try to snap my fingers, slight pain runs across elbow and wrist?	When I try to snap my fingers there is weakness and pain across elbow and wrist? May I know what are the causes?
Ie been gettin white mucus in my eyes for the past two years and im not sick. What could it possible be?	I have been getting white mucus in eyes for 2 years and eyes are not sticky and asking what could the causes be?
If both metanephrine fractionated tests were abnormal, what is the likihood the ct of the abdomen and pelvis being abnormal. Was done w/wo contrast.	I got the metanephrine fractionated tests and both the tests are abnormal. I am about to get CT abdomen and pelvis done with out or with contrast and I want to know about the likelihood of the test being abnormal.
If I go to ER with a tooth ache will it be pulled?	Hello doctor I have sever tooth ache and will my teeth be pulled out?
If I took 2 Claritin (loratadine) + d 24 hr pills yesterday at 2pm and took 1 Claritin (loratadine) + d 24 hr pill today at 7am did I technically overdose?	I took 2 pills of claritin and one pill of d 24 yesterday at 2:00 pm and today took one pill of claritin and d 24 at 7:00am today and do you think I overdosed the pill?
If I took the morning after pill within 11hrs after having unprotected sex what are my chances of not being pragent?	I took plan B 11 hours after intercourse. Is this a chance for me to be pregnant? How effective is Plan B?
I had a root canal 3 months ago but tooth is still sensitive to hot. What could be the reason?	I had root canal 3 months back and my tooth is still sensitive to heat. May I know what is the cause?
I had a surgery on my right scaphoid and it's been ok till now. It's hurting so bad I want to break down and idk what to take because Advil (ibuprofen) isn't working and the doctor office is closed what do I do?	Had surgery on right scaphoid and now have bad pain and Advil is not working. I am concerned.
I had unprotected sex 7 or so days before my periodthree days later I had light bloodthat lasted for two days instead of usual 7. Am I pregnant?	I had unprotected period a week before period. 3 days later I had spotting for 2 days and now I want to if I am pregnant ad there is no period for usual 7 days.
I have a rash or damage skin on my stomach area and a little on my arms. The rash itches, red, flaky. I wanted to know what u thoughs were?	I have red, flaky and itchy rash on my stomach and arms. What can I do?
I have been on klonopin (clonazepam) for my gad for about 4 years, 2mg a day. How long will the withdrawals last? Or when is it out of my system?	I have been diagnosed with generalized anxiety disorder and I am on the medication for few years and taking it regularly. I am planning to stop the medications? How should I stop the medication? Is there any withdrawal and how long will it take before I feel normal and completely get better with medication out of my system?
I have been tested for every STD everything came back normal the only problem is my pH is at 8 how do I lower to 4?	Hello doctor, how are you? I am having problem with my vaginal ph and it is at 8 and how to lower it? I am tested negative for STD. /
I have hemorrhoids that are bleeding & painful. Have done sitz baths, using prep h wipes & cream. Nothing is helping. Please advise?	Has hemorrhoids and I have bleeding, pain and I have done sitz bath and using prep H wipes and cream. Can you pleas tell me what to do?
I just found out today that I have chlamydia, but I breastfeed.  Is it possible that my child could have it to?	Hello doctor, I am diagnosed with chlamydia and I am breastfeeding. Do you think my child will have chlamydia?
I'm 4 days late for my period I am very stressed 2 nights i was about 10 hours late taking my birth control he did pull out. Could i be pregnant?	I am 4 days late for period and is stressed since 2 nights. Is late for taking BC by 10 hours and what are my chances of being pregnant.
I'm 5 weeks pregnant and this morning had brownish spotting, my gyn said this is normal and ita was due to implantation, should I be worried?	I am 5 weeks pregnant and has brown spotting and my gynecologist said it it implantation bleeding. Doctor said it is normal. Should I be worried?
I'm on my period, and i had unprotected sex, and he came inside me. 2 days later, the bleeding from my period stopped. Is that a chance of pregnancy?	I had intercourse on the second day of my pregnancy and it as unprotected. After intercourse my bleeding stopped 3 days back. Is there any chance of pregnancy?
I'm on opioids & want off. I am very messed up psychologically from my husband leaving me and I'm depressed. Dr put me on anti dep. Not working.?	I am depressed because my husband left me. I am on opioids and want to get off them. i am using anti depressive medications and they are not working. What can I do to help?
I m taking Clomid (clomiphene) since 3/4 month and my cycle 29 days, I m testing my ovulation every time and getting positive on 14/15 days and for 4 days is it ok?	On Clomid since 3/4 months and have 29 days cycle. I have ovulation on 14th-15th day and is for 4 days. Is the treatment I am using normal?
I'm taking prednisone for erythema multiforme and combined it with Nabumetone. A sunburn like rash has formed on my chest and arms. Please advice.?	I am on predinsone for erythema multiformae and combined it with Nabumetone. Has sun burn like rash and formed on chest and arms. I am concerned.
I'm training for a marathon and am having pain in my plantaris muscle, how can I help myself?	I am training for a marathon since a month and now I have pain and swelling in my plantaris muscle. Is there any thing  I can do to help ease my pain??
I recently stopped birth control. My last period was16 oct, my cycles last about 32 days. I started noticing light blood from nov 2 until 15th?	Recently stopped birth control and last period is on 16th October and cycles lasting about 32 datys. Has light bleedng since Nov 2nd till 15th. I am concerned.
Is a brain injury/ brain damage considered to be the same as a mental illness?	May I know if brain injury and damage is same as mental illness?
Is banana fattening? Some people say combining banana with milk makes you gain weight. Some say banana in itself cause fat. What is true??	I heard banana when mixed with milk may cause weight gain or just taking plain banana also increased weight. I want to know what is true?
Is it.Okay to brush after filling?	Hello doctor, I got my teeth filled and when can I brush my teeth?
Is it possible for a seven panel urine drug screen to distinguish between Vyvanse (lisdexamfetamine) and concerta?	Hello doctor I am on Vyvanse and Concerta. Is it possible for seven panel urine drug test to distinguish between both?
Is there a way I can talk to someone about the subscription I just purchased for your service?	I just subscribed for your service and is there some one I can talk to here?
I took Plan B on Feb. 11th, 2015 after having unprotected sex two days before. Now tonight I had protected sex, but the condom broke. I am wondering if the Plan B is still effective 5 days later? And if not, is it safe to consume another Plan B pill?	I took Plan B on Feb 11th after unprotected sex and today night I have unprotected sex again and condom broke. Want to know if Plan B is effective and should I take another?
I took the morning after pill last sat am and started nuvaring that evening. I removed nuvaring 2 days ago and not started. That normal?	I took plan B last Saturday and the same evening got nuvaring. Got nuvaring removed 2 days ago and now have no period. I am concerned.
I've been diagnosed with acid reflux GERD heartburn anxiety and pharyngitis I have been constipated for a week i went today and there was a white spot?	I have been diagnosed with acid refluc, GERD, heartbun, anxiety and pharyngitis and have been constipated and today I have white spot on throat. I am concerned.
I've been taking 25mg Benadryl (diphenhydramine) 2-3 time a day for about 6 months for involuntary movements. What can I expect as withdrawal symptoms if I stop?	I am prescrined Benadryl for my allergies and I am on the medication for nearly 8 months. If I stop the medication, will there be any withdrawal symptoms? How long will I take to get better?
I've had this bruise on my thigh for at least two months, and it still hasn't healed. Could it be skin cancer?	I have a bruise on my thigh for 2 months and it is not healing. May I know if it is skin cancer?
I've noticed that after a few weeks of working out when i eat something it messes with my stomach and i end up with diarrhea before bed. Why?	I am working out since a few weeks. Now when  I eat some thing my stomach gets upset and I have diarrhea. May I know why?
I was using the bathroom and was cleaning the toilet after I finished I had a bandaid on both hands I raised the seat to clean it looked like dryblood?	I was cleaning bathroom and noticed dry blood. Had bandaid on both hands and I am concerned.
I would like help with my toddler. How do you cure a yeast infection?	Hello doctor can you please tell me how to cure a yeast infection. I want to help my toddler.
Kleptomania, can it be passed down in the genes?	Hello doctor may I know if kleptomania is heredity?
Last week, doctor put me me on omeprazole for gastritis (no prior stomach issues.)  since then, i've had a few green poops of middling consistency.  ?	I have been diagnosed with gastritis and diagnosed with omeprazole. I have few green stools of middling consistency. Is this a side effect of the medication.
My baby has red pimple like bumps on her arm and leg, they look almost like bug bites. They just appear. What could they be?	Baby has red pimple like bumps on arms, legs and they look like bug bite and asking what they could be.
My boyfriend has been experiencing shortness of breathe for the past week, he went to the doctor they checked all his vital signs and his oxygen level and everything came back a okay, do you have any idea what the problem may be ? Please help i'm really w	My boy friend has shortness of breath since past week and all his vital signs are normal. I am concerned as what to do.
My ccp ab IgG came back at 221, sed in january 15 to now at 50. I was then put on prednisone until I see the RA may 6th. What my safest treatment?	My ccp ab IgG levels are 221 in January and now they are 50 after taking prednisone. I am going to see a docto a month later in May. I want to know what are the treatment options, how safe they are and what are the side effects?
My daughter is still displaying symptoms of type 1 diabetes. What can we do?	Hello doctor my daughter is having symptoms of type 1 diabetes. What I can do to help?
My father is 81 and has Parkinson's disease for the last 3 years. He can't even move his hands & legs. What can I do to support him?	My father is 81 years and is diagnosed with Parkisons for more than 5 years. He is on medications but symptoms are progressively worsening and has severe pain and cannot move. May I ask what can be done to support him?
My first sonogram said I was 7 weeks pregnant due date 3/22. Next appointment (5 weeks later) sono measured bby at 13weeks. Duedate changed to 3/15. Y?	In my first sonogram at 7 weeks my due date is 3/22 and now at 13 weeks my due date is 3/15. Which is correct?
My gf had her period then after 2days. We had sex she took planb its been 2week already she hasnt had her period is it because she just had her period?	My girl friend has period and after 2 days she took plan B and it has been 2 weeks already and she did not have  period. May I know what is the cause?
My wife toke Plan B and 6 days later she started to spot for 2 days and stop could she be pregnant or its cause she been of Depo-Provera only a year?	My wife took Plan B and 6 days later she had spotting for a couple of days and wanted to know if she is pregnant. She has been off depo since a year.
Numbness on right side of my cheek  some twitching no other symptoms elsewhere what could it be?	I have numbness on right cheek, twitching and no other symptoms and I am concerned.
On 30mg Synthoid. Was on Armour. Liked Armour, but PCP switched. All internet chatter sings praises of Armour and blasts Synthoid. Why?  Armour better	I was on Armour for about 3 years and my PCP prescribed synthyroid instead of armour. Are both the medications same or is there any difference between the both? What are the side effects of each?
On Clomid (clomiphene) Just finished taking last pill. Just noticed if I squeeze right nipple quite strongly, a very tiny amount of clear sticky liquid came out?	I have been on clomid for few days and finished the last pill and have nipple discharge from right nipple if squeezed strongly.
Please describe a good source of calcium for children that have a milk allergy?	My child have milk allergy. May I know the best substitue for calcium for my child?
Please tell me, could a dentist remove a tooth when infection is present?	I have an  infected tooth. Can I get the teeth removed at dentist?
Possibility of being pregnant had sex and bleeded. Is that normal or is there something wrong?	I had intercourse and later I bled. Is this normal or is there a chance of pregnancy?
Smoked half a pack year when I was 20 and quit. Will my lungs ever be healthy, also what long term damage if any should I be concerned about?	When I was 20 years, I smoked half a packet of cigarettes and I quit. Will my lungs be healthy and may I know what is the longterm damage and should  b concerned?
Surg only way to diag endometriosis? Since Csection pain in hip during pms, bad cramps ultrasounds labs pap were fine dr not concerned hormone changes?	I have pain in hips during PMS, bad cramps after C-section. Pap smear and USG is normal and doctor is concerned about hormones. Is only getting a surgery a definitive diagnosis for endometrisois?
Took a pregnancy test came up positive but very faint an I had an abortion 3 weeks ago what does this mean thanks?	Had abortion 3 weeks back and now my pregnancy test is still weakly positive. What does that mean?
Two negative STD tests and urinelyis doctor said he don't know what it is but still mild buring when I pee. Would NSU show up on test and culture?	I have mild burning during peeing. My urineanalysis and STD tests are negative. Will NSU show up on test or is a culture needed?
What are some tips for making it easier to use eyedrops?	Hello doctor, I have been having dry eyes and I am prescribed eye drops. Can you let me know how to use the drops?
What are the reasons some people use digital pregnancy tests, and some use non digital? Besides the obvious, what's different about them	May I know which test for pregnancy is accurate? The digital or the non digital?
What are the right tests to take to determine and rule out systemic candida? Specifics please. Thankyou.	Hello, I guess I have candida symptoms. Can you please tell me how to diagnose and treat it?
What are the symptoms of having a meniscal root tear in the knee? Please explain	Hello doctor, I was doing gym and injured my leg near the knee. My doctor is suspecting meniscla root tear. Can you please let me know about the symptoms and treatment plan?
What are vasopressors?	Hello doctor what are vasopressors?
What can be done about a sore throat asap?	Hello doctor? I have a lingering sore throat and can I know few remedies which may help.
What can cause light yellow vaginal discharge? Also sore vagina? STD tests all clear never had this before. Can long term abx be a cause?	I have light yellow vaginal discharge along with soreness. Have been on antibiotics for UTI. STD testing is clear. Can using antibiotics be a cause?
What can cause random blackouts / seizures?	Hello doctor, can I know the random causes of balck outs and seizures?
What can cause ssri shock-like sensations if you been off an ssri for 45 days?	I am on SSRI for my depression but stopped them 2 months back and I am still having shock like sensations. How long do they last?
What can cause upper left sharp pain that radiates to back with vomiting/paleness/weakness? This has gone on for 5 years.	I have vomiting, paleness and weakness and has upper left sharp pain that radiated to the upper back. It has been going on for 5 years. Can you help me?
What can I do to treat my pimples by tomorrow without products?	Hello doctor, I have acne prone skin and I had break out yesterday. Tomorrow I have prom to attend in school and I would like to know about any natural remedies which will help with by pimples by tomorrow.
What causes you to vomit with a itchy throat?	I have vomiting and itchy throat? Can I know about the causes?
What does it mean to have 91 for THYROID PEROXIDASE ANTIBODIES, <1 for THYROGLOBULIN ANTIBODIES, TSH 4.44, and T3, (liothyronine) TOTAL 72; no symptoms?	My thyroid tests results are 91 for thyroid peroxidase antibodies and <1 for thyroglobulin antibodies and TSH 4.44 and T3(liothyronine) and total is 72 and I have no symptoms.
What does it mean when muscles jump like in your arm is this anything serious?	Muscles in my arms are jumping. Is it something to worry about?
What do you suggest if my grandma had 2 massive strokes so on?	My grandmother has 2 massive strokes. What can be done?
What is best material for bleaching teeth?	Hello, I have yellowish stains on my teeth and I want to know any home remedies or things to use to bleach my teeth in home?
What is humor therapy?	Hello doctor, I want to know what is humor therapy  and if it is useful or no?
What is that company that tests for gene for smelly urine from asparagus?	Hello doctor can you please tell me about the company that tests for genes for smelly urine from asparagus?
What is the anti-dose of taking too many cetrizyne hydrochlride? My friend has tried to commit suicide. What should I do to keep her safe from danger?	My friend tried commiting suicide by taking extra dose of cetrizine. What can be done to help him? Will he be okay?
What is the definition or description of: duct?	Doctor what is a duct and can I know about it?
What is the prevalence of green eyes? Are they rare?	Hello doctor may I know the chances of one getting green eyes? Is it rare?
What is the treatment for maxillary sinus carcinoma?	I am diagnosed with maxillary sinus carcinoma. May I know about the treatment options?
What is uterine perforation and how is it treated?	May I know what is uterine perforation and how is it treated?
What kind of therapies are done after a knee cap breaks?	Hello doctor, I broke my knee cap and may I know which therapies can be done?
What long term health problems can you have if you take pain medicine on a regular basis?	I am suffering from chronic pain and am taking pain medications, may I ask what are the long term side effects?
Whats an over-the-counter drug for chron's desease?	May I know what are the over counter drugs which can be taken for Crohn's?
What should be done to loss the weight of the body in very short time?	I want to loose my weight in a short time, what can be done?
Whats the best medication to treat yeast infections that a doctor can prescibe? Excluding diflucan (fluconazole)	Hello doctor I want to know what are the other treatment options apart from diflucan for yeast infections?
What's the best treatment for burns?	Hello doctor, can you please let me know about the treatment of burns?
What's the best way to deal 3rd degree bed sore?	Hello doctor, my grandmother has 3rd degree bed sore. What can be done to help?
What to do if I am 17 year old guy.2 days ago I noticed weak erections and now I can't even maintain it?	I am 17 years and since 2 days I noticed weak erections and hs difficulty maintaining. May I know what can I do?
What to do if I have 3000mg of tegretol; 200mg pills. Is this lethal enough?	I have 3000mg of tegretol and each pill is of 200mg. Is this dose lethal enough?
Whenever I sit continous for a long time then I get numbness tingling in my arms legs and stifness tightness in head or face. Plz please tell what to do?	I have numbness and tingling in arms, legs, stiffness, tightness in head or face. This happens when I sit for long. Asking what to do?
When your iris leaks into your pupil is it the same as pupil into iris? What is it called? What causes? What problems can arise?	What happens when iris leaks in to pupil and pupil leaks in to iris? What are the causes, what is it called and what problms can arise?
Where do I go for suspected wound infection ( not surgeon but I did not have surgery.It is a wound that healed by itself)?	I think I have infected my wound.  I sustained the wound when I feel down and it is healed. I have no history of surgery before.
Which is better a partial hystorectomy or uterine ablation?	I am having gynecological problems and wanted to know which is better hysterectomy or uterine ablation?
Why does my vagina burn so much when I have sex with my husband? It only burns when I'm laying on my back or doggie style.	When I am laying on my back and when having intercourse in doggie style I am having burning. Is this normal?
Worried about lung cancer. Up back pain over 1 year now.  Had chest CT 8 months ago it was ok. 3 mris of throastic ok. Some cervical stenosis. Worry?	I have upper back pain over 1 year and took CT scan 8 months back and it was okay. Had 3 MRI's of thorax okay. Had some cervical stenosis and should I worry?
2 years ago i had lyme ab screen mildly elevevated but western blot all non reactive. Now im testing pos for igm 23 and igm 41. What does this mean?	Can Lyme ab test positive after 2 years of exposure? I'm not sure if it can stay positive for this long.
6mm ground glass ill defined upper left lung what percentage that its not cancer I am getting another CT scan in dec. To check for growth?	Does a CT report that says 6mm ground glass ill defined upper left lung mean cancer for sure?
4 5 days I feel pressure and pain in the front lobe part of the head. I feel dizzy. I thought it was just a cold. Ibuprofen was usell. Do I have sinuzitis?	Can sinusitis cause pressure and pain on the frontal side of the head along with dizziness?
8 month old looks to the side or looks up and after a couple of seconds shakes his head and fusses. is that normal or abscent seizers?	Is an 8 month old looking to the side and up and shaking the head after a couple of seconds considered as having absent seizures?
2 weeks of big toe pain now in knee/wrist. Dix uric acid 465.2umol/L. Why is voltaren (diclofenac) helps but why is it not going away? First attack ever	I have been experiencing big toe pain for last 2 weeks but my knee and wrist hurt as well now. My uric acid is 465.2umol/L according to my test reports. No similar pain anytime in the past. I have been taking voltaren (diclofenac), that gives relief for a while but the pain comes back. What could be the possible cause of my symptoms?
4 days late. 2 bfn (urine test). Is it to early to get a bfp? When is the best time to go for a blood test to get a positive result?	I missed my period by 4 days today and I took pregnancy test twice, that came back negative. Is it too early for me to take a pregnancy test for accurate/positive results. Also, when should I consult my doctor to get an accurate result of blood pregnancy test?
2 period in 1 month am i pregnant ?	Does getting period twice in a month means pregnancy?
5 days late of period took Plan B emergency contacepive 5 days before expected period went through 3 pregnect test all negative am I pregnet?	I am 5 days late for period and took Plan B 5 days before expected period. 3 of my pregnancy tests are negative. What should I do next.
36 M with clean cardiac echo stress and lipids. No risk factors. Pain in lower back and localized pain in upper left chest for 9 mths. Cardiac? Scared	What are the signs of a chest pain being of cardiac origin in a 36 year old male?
36 weeks and dr said she felt babys head from vagina is labour close?	Am I close to labor if my doctor felt the baby's head from the vagina?
21 yr female sexually active have an increase in appetite stay hungry and more bowel movements what could be wrong ?	What could be causing me to experience symptoms like an increased appetite and strong bowel movements?
34 year old male. Graying hair. Has been stressful past year of change in life. Does stress affect this in men? Any advice to slow graying/thinning?	Do you think being stressed for a year or so can have effects on hair? I am 34 year old male and have gray hair. Do you have any tips?
24yo f  find myself sweating on face andupper body feeling so hot while doing simple tasks  lasts for few hours .	Is it normal for a 24 year old female to sweat on face and upper body for few hours while doing simple tasks?
15 million  sperm can be a father?	My sperm count is 15 millions and is there a chance I can get some one pregnant? Can I be pregnant?
26 yo m with history of progressive venous insufficiency failed one year of conservative management. + family hx. Is delaying surgery a good idea?	Hello doctor, I am 26 year old male wth progressive venous insufficiency. One year of conservative management failed. I am advised surgery as I have positive family history. Can surgery be delayed?
32 weeks pregnant. Headache strange leg weakness. Should I call doctor?	I have headache, leg weakness and 32 weeks pregnant. Should I go and see a doctor?
