The investments and operational changes enable additional optimisation of the working hours and thereby further cost savings of some 7 % -9 % .	Investments and operational changes have enabled further optimization of working hours, resulting in cost reductions of approximately 7-9%.	2
Nordea sees a return to positive growth for the Baltic countries in 2011 .	Nordea is seeing a return to positive growth for the Baltics in 2011.	2
Upon completion of the sale Proha would get some USD12 .7 m for its stake in Artemis .	After the sale is completed, Proha will get $12 7m for its shares in Artemis.	1
The beers differ slightly from mainstream beers .	Beer is slightly different from mainstream beer.	1
Both operating profit and turnover for the six-month period increased , respectively from EUR0 .1 m and EUR29 .0 m , as compared to the corresponding period a year ago .	Over the six-month period, operating profits and sales increased from 0.1m and 29.0m, respectively, compared to the same period a year ago.	2
Cablevision Systems Corp. CVC Their Madison Square Garden division owns and operates the New York Knickerbockers basketball team ; they also own the Madison Square Garden Arena , the New York Rangers hockey team , the New York Liberty women 's basketball team , and the Hartford Wolf Pack hockey team .	Cablevision Systems Corp. CVC Their Madison Square Garden division is owned and operates the New York Knickerbockers basketball team; they also own the Madison Squar Garden Arena, New York Rangers hockey team, New New York Liberty women's ball group, and Hartford Wolf Pack hockey.	1
In Finland 's Hobby Hall 's sales decreased by 10 % , and international sales fell by 19 % .	In Finland, the sales of the Hobby Hall fell by 10%, and international sales fell by 19%.	0
May 29 , 2010 ( CompaniesandMarkets.com delivered by Newstex ) -- This report provides key data and information on the meat , fish and poultry market in Finland .	May 29, 2010 (CompaniesandMarkets.com provided by Newstex) - This report provides important data and information about the Finnish meat, fish and poultry market.	1
