How long after taking antibiotics can I drink alcohol?
Is I overweight (192.9) for my age (39 years old)?
Aspirin Allergy: Is it worth having a bracelet?
During a visit to the doctor, I hit my head against a box on the wall containing dangerous substances (used syringes, needles used...).
Once on antibiotics 4 5wks top high dentist cld didn't get needles 2 frozen 2 rubber extract really hurt she says it's tissue hve 2 go bk? plz
Can Adderall (dextroamphetamine and racemic amphetamine) cause ear pressure and mild headaches throughout the day?
Can aorta coarctation cause poor height growth?
Can Doxycycline Treat Ear Infections?
Can Cucumbers Help Excrete Cucumber?I Eat Cucumin with Salad and I find it normal for them to be excrete
Can the malformation of the chiari cause pituitary problems or insipid diabetes?
Can homeopathy help for acne?
Can this drug cause anxiety at age 12?
Can you tell me why my husband is sweating and vomiting after the injection of 30 units of Lantis insulin?
Does age increase the severity of symptoms/problems of eds?
Does Dermonu work on acne scars?
This is an extension from my last question. there is also vaginal emissions, so I am ovulating. can it cause vomiting?
I may have had 3 panic attacks over the last few months that made me a bit anxious and wondered if it was that?
The neck / back problems have been around for months and there were muscle cramps in the orphan. stress. (anxiety) BP is a bit healthy. Yesterday I shaken my head and shake in both hands. In the 20s.. now off & on. What idea?
Hi, I have an ultrasound in the chest and spinal area. There is no trace of hernia or adenophy. The result has returned completely to normal. My doctor has seen it and felt it twice. He has said it is not hernia and it was a bit big
How can someone’s level of happiness affect someone else’s health?
How often is it to have symptoms of physical anxiety without feeling anxious?
What is the difference between ADHD and Add?
How do I know if I have anxiety or depression?
How long does it take to break out herpes?
How much Tylenol (acetaminophen) 3 is equal to percocet?
How long work time does it take after an ACL reconstruction?
How should the drug methotrexate affect the body’s cells in relation to the treatment of arthritis?
How to deal with someone who acts as a child?
How do I know if I have an allergic reaction?
I am currently using minocin (minocycline) to treat my thyroid, but I think I’m going to have a fever?
If I had hepatitis A, does it mean that I can’t drink alcohol a few weeks later?
I have one or two acne rashes every month.How can I prevent them?Acne also leaves scars on my skin.
I got my second period twice in less than three weeks, and the second in four months.Why?I have not been stressed or changed my exercise plan or diet recently.
Almost a month ago I had arthroscopic surgery on my left knee, but does it seem to be filling with synovial fluid, will I go back to work or wait until I see the doctor?
I have tinea versicolor on the testicles and the tip of the penis.It becomes spicy and dry.The doctor sent me a wash of salicylic acid.Is it meaningful?
I am 16 years old, my left sword begins to have some kind of severe pain, it’s more painful than the extreme when I walk, it hits my pants I can’t drive help?
I am taking anxiety and depression pills mainly to avoid panic attacks, and can I take more than 0.5mg if I feel panicked and 0.5mg doesn’t work?
Is 4mg intuniv & 2mgrisperdal too much for 5 1/2 yrs, im worried..His neurologist prescribed for pddnos & adhd?
Are Aloe Vera Juice Good for Hypertension?
Is the fecal bacteria really healthier than other bacteria during pregnancy?
Is the hypno-therapy dangerous?
Is it normal for you to have nausea and appetite loss when on your period?
My child has a low level of alkaline phosphatase on his laboratory results.
My husband has a chronic itching w / no rash / rash. he has seen allergists, dermatologists, acupunctors and therapists.
My six-year-old daughter has been on antibiotics for more than 48 hours and has started running more than 101 fever and she says her head hurts.
Q. Hi, I was almost 12 weeks pregnant and my food had small plastic particles (inadvertently), so I am worried.
How can I get a male voice?
My joints have always been clicking since I was a child, but over the years it has become very painful, especially when it rains or when I get a cold?
PID was caused by BV only treated with a dose of asytromycin and an injection of antibiotics.
What Are the Causes of Perianal Abcess?
What does the doctor tell me with externsl chronic anal breakthrough and pls the process is my out-anale chronic anale breakthrown is a small one?
What do you recommend to treat long-distance ligament cuts in the back?
What is mécoblamine? for what is this drug used? my mother is diabetic, is it helpful? thanks in advance
What is the cleanest/safer SSRI for general stress induced anxiety?
What are the definitions or descriptions of: activity change?
What is a type 1 shell fish allergy?
What should I do if I have a sneez allergy when I wake up? tell me what kind of illness or allergy there is.
What specific exercises help with suprapatellar bursitis?
What should I do if I have high blood pressure, lost love depression, completely broken?
What are the hormones responsible for giving you a male feature on your face?
Which Treatment is the Most Effective and Fastest Working for Aortic Regurgitation?
Why is my arm always asleep? like where I can’t move at all
Why do I have a white pigmentation of the skin around my anus and extreme itching and blisters around the anal and anal spacing?
Will taking a contraceptive pill for the treatment of dysmenorrhea affect my delivery after marriage later?
A 35-year-old woman has no heart problems, severe pain in the chest/heart. lasts only a minute.
My doctor prescribed 12.5mg salt soup for my 3-year-old boy.
After having sex with the hubby, I noticed some fresh blood and a feeling of burning and the desire to urinate.
After two weeks of oral surgery, my cheeks were still swollen and I felt a hard block in the lower part.
I always use contraception, always use sperm-killing condoms, and always go out with a condom, but my periods are slow.
What is a reliable blood test for ovarian cancer?
Have you had a lot of pain in the chest recently, especially when I sit in certain positions?
I had this mildness and pain in my chest for almost a few weeks... and I was not pregnant.
Limit changes in the brain MRI in 1 yr if it refers to a neuroradiologist, this means something sincere?
Both hands have no pain in the chest, just a small heart burns, I have gastritis and arthritis in the back.
Brain epidermoid, is it the difference between two 3cm brain membranes / 8cm frontal membrane, such as a meningoma tumor?
Bright red blood is after the first washing after BM; the other blood vessels are no longer washed.I can drink a lot of pop and very little water.
C4-5 right non-covertebral osteophyte / disc bulge complex disc wide bulge right foraminal neural stenosis & cervical ventral brain abutment.
Can a menstrual blood clot move to the heart or lungs like other blood clots?
Can Celiac disease mimic MS even after being treated with a strictly gluten-free diet?
Can Fibroadenomas Become Breast Cancer?
Can polycystic kidney be cured?
Is it possible to get rid of type 2 diabetes with exercise and a good diet?
Can you tell me why it is essential to promote healthy nutrition for children and adolescents?
Can you tell me how echocardiography is done?
Can you tell me the names of health care establishments or pharmacies known to compose the solution of voriconazole eye drops?
Can my sinus allergy make it difficult to breathe?
Can caffeine overdose symptoms persist for more than 2 months, even if we have already stopped caffeinating?
Can we walk on a soft mattress contribute to the bowleggedness?
Dear doctor, I feel my eyes lighted too brightly and feel dizzying very painful in the front of the neck and tension in the limbs in the back of my neck sleeping in a coma for 6 weeks?
Does anyone know what to do with a child with severe anxiety around the age of 13?
Does something cause esophageal atresia during pregnancy?
Does breastfeeding at the same time change the risk of a woman with breast cancer in the unsweeted breast? my son had a preference, so I was going to treat to the left.
Does the cutting on the lips turn into a white pump?
Does my eye doctor prescribe about 3 grams of seed oil per day to interact with Ortho Trip Cyclen or other contraceptives?
The "open" reduction with the intramedular cloud of the tibial shell fracture causes muscle weakness and slow healing of the bones due to tissue damage
Can stress cause hematospermia?
Does kalawalla grass (polypodium leucotamos) really work for autoimmune disorders?
Does vitamin D come in the form of shots?
The rate of emission of GB is very low. The diet was cut down to fatty meat, fruit, and vegetables. The reflection of the throat is constant, but the intensity varies.
My mother is 150cm and my father is 156cm.I wondered if I could be at least 160-165cm high?
Get a high level of hb & doctors recommended that I repeat the fbc test again in April 2014. now I got 17.6% of the blood cell level of what food u recommended, the name plz?
I had a period after 4mo and it lasted for 11 days, which never happens.I’m experiencing an uncomfortable on/off pain that is bored by my uterus.
I have a itchy rash after taking Viasine (Clarithromycin) for 4 days.Did you take this before and was it okay?
I have had hard skin on my scalp for quite a long time. They have now grown from one to eight to nine.There are three of them that have grown slightly larger.They have no pain and are uncomfortable when brushing their hair.But that’s not my main concern.
Havent had my period for a year, and I was using herion and now wondering when my period will start.
I have pain in my left leg and left foot.I have kept my foot up all day.I hope it’s not a blood clot.I also have
If I take a blood test for neurological reasons, can I detect pregnancy?
Hi I'm using neutrogena since 15..Acne doesn't leave what I should do?
Hi I have back cramps that now and then blow up. I have turned heat and ice. tried naproxen looked at my diet and taking vitamins?
Well, so I'm just in the throat, if I wash all the leaves, they'd be infected with my family, if they use the same towel when I was sick.
Hello, I am 33 years old, I have 3 children, my height is 173 cm, my weight is 100 pounds, my normal weight according to age must be 75.
What is the accuracy of diabetic blood tests that test your blood sugar levels for 3 months?
How can I know if a person has a chronic fatigue syndrome?
How can pregnant women avoid atrophy and blood clots?
How can I get normal bowel movement on a daily basis when I have menopause and have not had a normal BM for almost a month?
How do I get rid of the pain in my leg?
How can chronic knee bursitis be cured?
How often does someone develop Cubital Tunnel Syndrome?
How does a doughnut break down in the digestive system if it essentially does not have any nutrients?
If your menstrual cycle changes every month, how do you know the days of ovulation and how do I increase my chances of getting pregnant?
How effective are punctual sockets for the treatment of dry eyes after Lasik?I am close to 1 year after surgery and artificial tears do not help.
How long will a cancer person live?
How many teeth will the dentist take before receiving my toothbrush?
HSV 1+2 serum test results - 1.77 & HSV type 1 + 2 PCR DNA results negative H. The difference between the two results was not understood.
Hymen ring remains... What is it and how can it be fixed?
Hysterosalpingography – can you tell me about it?
I am 24 years old and breastfeed my 9-month daughter I can make mammogram as the last result was 2 years ago fibrosystems in the left chest.
Am I pregnant for 35 weeks and 6 days, leaking a lot of clean fluid from my chest, and getting bad tension pain in my abdomen?
I am 44 years old and my breasts and nipples are tender, what could it be
Do I notice small red spots on the skin near my lips?
I’m on penicillin for about a month now, a week ago I started to see my period, but in the afternoon it stops.
I fast 16 hours eating 8.But for 8 hours I ate three meals.So, should I keep my meals together so that the fast doesn't start or they can be scattered?
When temperatures rise, will malaria spread to other regions?
If I don’t have a white egg cervical mushroom, am I still ovulating?
If I use 4 tylenol (acetaminophen) 3 and 0.50mg Xanax, would it be as dangerous to use lsd and mdma in a matter of hours as mixing LSD and MDMA?
If the mass between my ribs was cancer, it would make CBC abnormal, and at what stage?
If you have felt a mass in your chest for more than 4 years, should I be concerned now?
If the baby has already fallen, does it automatically mean you are close to having a baby?
I got electrocuted, I was replacing a cable in my car and accidentally touched it with a screw and it struck me, I felt my arm got up, ok?
I had two chest x-rays, which I did twice different times using a portable mechine, and I saw the image but didn’t see the spine.
I removed the implant and now have Evarin for the combined pills. a few months was normal, but now I bleed when it was dry.
I have a medium epicondylar release/ulnar nerve compression 5/9/14.When I wake up from it I still have a sore neck and a sore throat?
I had my meniscus fixed last week I should not carry the weight on that leg. I lost my balance and took myself short with that leg, am I okay?
I had unprotected sex two weeks ago, but I started to have red discharge, but it has not yet started.
I have a black scarring on my eye that I can see when I look at something that is light colored.
I have a blood clot circling around an insect bite, is this common?
I have a bug bite and it continues to get worse.
I have a burning sensation in my upper chest after 2 days of having a breast enlargement, is this normal?
I have a full thickness of tears / broken flexor hallucis vagina after surgery 3 months ago. it was withdrawn 2.5 cm. I can't swallow the big finger down. What is a long-term possible question without my big finger's ability to push down, providing
There is a small piece on the back of my head, it is on the middle of the hairline. It is hard and unmoving. It will not hurt.
There is a painful pain in my nose, it’s red and rough.My nose is also very dry.What is it and how to treat it?It doesn’t go away and it hurts.
I may have a wrist fracture, but how do I know without going to the hospital?
I have arthritis on my knees and the lower back. Usually when I get out of bed they are stiff.
I have a warm and irritated urethra and vagina recently I have to urinate a lot.I think I have an UTI or yeast infection.Can you cure your own UTI?
I ate 1200-1300 cal. (most days) and I exercised 5x/week. I eat more on weekends but I maintain my weight.
I had abdominal pain, diarrhea after meals, fatigue and sometimes bloody stools.
I’ve been taking my birth control Amethia for 3 months, but on Wednesday I took it 2 hours longer than usual.
I have a l5-s1 light bowling disk. One doctor said I had to give up a good squash and the other doctor said that I could play it again within three months.
I have membranous nephropathy and I can see a nephrologist who is sure that this disease can disappear at any time or I will eventually be in dialysis
I have microalbumin urine 343.2 μg / ml,microalb / creat ratio,random urine 402.3 mg / g created, no DM,no HT,is it serious?
I have pain in the lower right jaw, and I also feel swelling under it.
I have these pain in my stomach, but they are very painful. I think they may be hot or broken hair.
I have TMJ em from India I want to ask if it can be healed?
I know there are alternatives to penicillin, but why don’t we use other doses, or do they have problems?
I am 33 smoking gastritis I have an abortion 11 yrs before, I can't get pregnant 10 yrs after why?
I’m borrowing my birth control shot on the 24th, but I have uterine pain on the right side of the uterus and I don’t know what it is?
I ruined my birth control and started a new pack.When I took the first week, I bleed for 3 days.
I'm afraid of real needles.I can pull my blood for the first time in a few months.Can they do something so it doesn't hurt?
I am wondering what the best birth control is?
In my blood test, I had high levels of triglycerides (234 mg/dL), get (ast) (37.4ui/l), gpt (alt) (59.3ui/L) and gamma-gt (52.3UI/L).
Is it normal to swell around your teeth during your period?
Is it normal to have a low sexual desire after having three sections?
Is it possible for someone to overcome liver cancer?
Is it possible to have herpes and develop only in the anus or under the tongue, but not in the mouth?
Is it safe to get a hysterectomy before angioplasty?
Is it safe to take probiotics while breastfeeding?
I started bite and it felt and tasted like rotten eggs with vomiting diarrhea symptoms that looked like red blood
I stepped on a rock and wounded the outside of my foot 17 days after, swollen and.
Can Candida be tested again after treatment?
Is there a difference between the inositol pill and powder?
Is there a particular time for the teen to sleep?
Is too high a birth control dose hazardous?
I stopped taking Accutane/isotroin in November, is it safe to have children now?
Is uristat (fenazopyridine) a good treatment for potential UTIs?
Is it true that we should not drink the pill or vit. w/ cold water?
I used a piece of corn mat over the plate on my toes, it had a sensitive, and now it got worse and swollen.
I have a bench with a barbell, dumball, trip-up bar, and jogging miles, and what are some workouts I can do to gain muscle?
I have a cold for a week, I just stopped taking antibiotics, sometimes coughing gray mucus, the doctor is not worried, should I take a second batch of antibiotics?
I have never had hormonal acne until I began tilia fe b.C. 4 months ago.
I was diagnosed with chlamydia on 9 / 29 / 2015. Treatment on the same day. Testing on 11 / 16 / 2015 was positive again. I did not have sex since 1 test.
I have been prescribed Tripsin + Chymotripsine to treat my teeth for 3 days, can I continue to use these combinations for a long time?
I was taking amoxicillin for dental problems.The second day I began to have a complete vesicle with difficulty urinating and clear symptoms of discharge.
I was doing zip lining and there was a block of about 50 pounds at the end of the zip line. I was going at about 30 mph and was beating my ankle in it.
Just stared at the right side of the nose. Very red and swollen. It's a pain of touching the nose or the nose out. It is big like a polype. clear
Just see the marble size of the black clay in bm. think might be just food, so in it w/latex glove. def is not food, it is poo.
L/4, l/5 Laminect foot pain 1 year later, the foot doctor says normal, the neurologist says s/1 cause, and the optical surgeon says MRI is good.
Recently, when I’m scared or surprised, I feel like the blood is pumping into my legs and then my toes really start to hurt.
My legs were always cold, and even when I was sweating, my feet and toes fainted.
My 6-year-old niece has a pink round spot on each thigh in the same place.My sister is worried that it is a ringworm.
My 7 yr is still positive for the strep and I’m staying towards the pandas. I’ve been prescribed clindamycine 75 mg/5ml. Is this the right antibiotic?
My bf fingrd I might sperm on his hands. his fingr is dry, all he does is cleaning his penis wi/ a ppr twl.
Should I see a doctor if my complete blood photo results note rbcs show hypochromia, microcytosis and anisocytosis?
My father has a CV and Parkinson's disease, and is there any test that can show my potential child's possibility of developing these problems?
My girlfriend thinks she’s fat, but she really isn’t and she stacks calories and when she eats something bad, does she burn the calories through exercise?
My girlfriend has AIDS, we have unprotected sex because she says birth control protects me, right?
My girlfriend woke up this morning with a nipple at the end of her cheek.She had it when she went to bed and never crashed it.
Are my mother’s warfarin INR levels recently fluctuating to warning levels for no apparent reason?
My painkillers make me sleepy and groggy, but I have to work.
My periods are black and sticky, but no smell, despite having irregular periods for two years?
My recent blood test INR 1.12 APTT ratio 1.12 Beta-2 Microglobulin 1.50mg/L are they okay?
My son has hemorrhoids and he gets thin stools and mild diarrhea is it hemorrhage?
My son's adult front teeth are so thin, why?
My nails were in a yellow hue and had turned into a collision on my nails and I wondered what I could do.
Painful scarring tissue left below the point of removal of atypical mole in the calvary. acute, deep pain. dermatologist recommended plastic surgeon.
Panic attacks after smoking, is this normal?
Please explain what does it mean to have a “prominent nose”?
What is the survival rate for malignant meningioma?
Give me advice on how to stop taking hctz (hydrochlorothiazide) after developing petechiae in my arm.
The issue of emissions - slimey and mid-cycle?
Question about the Test Bands. If they were pink before I used them, are they bad?
Recently there was bacterial vaginosis and fungal infection. I still think I was bv-treated with metronidazole + fluconazole.
The rectal blood after the fissure op. Surgon found 1 large and some small hemorrhoids.
School thesis: What kind of discipline and or criminal records affect the ability to enter a professional school / medical school?
The skin is under my tongue, is it normal?
Can two women have a child?
So I have this dark brown mole on my head, it’s a sort of red around one side, I don’t know what causes it.
A few hours ago my left pink toe was shaken and it was quite painful, now it swells, there is a bulge in the right finger and it hurts.
Do you suggest a way of late dismissal during sex for men of 42 yr age?
If it is assumed that cancer was spread from the place of origin, was that early cancer treated differently?
The reason for my first pregnancy mistake seems to have a blood bag above the baby of 6 1/2 weeks, and what can I do next time to prevent it.
How to lower bilirubin like blue light?
Crying blisters on the feet, red toes... looks terrible. what to do?
How much Niacin flash should I take to clean my system?
What are the chances of getting pregnant if my boyfriend is off, but then his fingers and penis are inserted back into my womb with sperm?
What are some non-medicine things I can do to help my asthma?
What are the chances of survival after a diagnosis of stomach cancer?
What are the 5 most common emergency surgeries in American teenage girls?
What are those little white spots on the tip of my tongue?
What is the blood sugar level considered normal for people with Type 2 diabetes?
What can cause the throat blood vessels to expand and expand episodically, which is significantly improved by a daily replacement dose of hydrocortisone (20mg)
What can I do for back pain and stiffness during and after bending?
How can I increase my chances of getting pregnant? I also had a medical abortion 5 months ago.I used the ovulation kit and there were no results.
What causes hunger for an hour after eating, causing abdominal pain and burning sensations
What causes these blisters under the tongue?
What can I do to increase my breasts naturally?
What does a medical physician do during the cancer treatment period?
What does it mean to have a f2 bone cyst on my spine?
What is exactly the quickest way to burn off stomach fat?
What happens in fetal heart ultrasounds?
What happens to a person who has pancreatic cancer at the end?
What Can Increase Blood Coagulation?
What is the best position for the fetus in the seventh month?
Why is breast cancer a risk factor?
What happens to migraines caused by temperature changes?
What is hepatic failure and how to treat it?
What are the definitions or descriptions of: Diclofenac?
What’s the difference between catatonia and “emotional unavailability”?
What is a good way to deal with back pain?
What should I do if I have 25 very painful cancers in my mouth, can you help me know how to relieve the pain?
If I have an archwire that is not connected to a rack that connects to the Damon rack, what should I do?
What should I do if I have a very flat ass. It is rarely present. What tips/exercises can give me a good mess?
What should I do if there is blood in the stool?
What treatment would you recommend for the infestation of demodex folliculorum? appeared on the base of the nose and spread.
What does a sword look like on the tongue?
What would cause the white tip of the uvelas? pain in the throat in the morning, but disappears.
When do your breasts start to swell?
When can I give my baby chicken and meat, they are now 8 months old?
When should I take an ovulation test: in the morning, in the afternoon or at night?
Why does my blood pressure rise when we wear a stomach bond? Diastolic and Cystolic both increase by 10 points, pushing it to the high blood pressure range 135/105.
Why do I have pain in the chest wall and difficulty breathing for a long time after workouts?
Why not use a non-rebreather on a pt that’s hyperventilating because of anxiety?
Why does my chest hurt when I stretch and cough more?
Why my period is blood dark brown and stops after 4 hours.
Will 3 u/s normal and 5 d-dimers low over the 4 weeks fix the dvt? even if the pain in the legs is still there?
If there are symptoms of a collapse of the spine in the neck?
2yr old dry skin over the mouth and the upper part of mouth irritated and or dry. regular atopic ketaphils. is it good to put vaseline? is red, irritated.
Suddenly my ears stopped producing ear wax, what’s the reason?
Is there any dietary advice for 10-year-olds with gastritis?
Recent CT scans showed two patches in the pancreas.What does this mean? previous colon cancer and esdras.Also 6mm mass in the liver
Is there any serious after-effects of an overdose of heroin?
Some time ago I developed a white clumpy discharge, itching, small bumps, and a strange smell.
Does allergy to the toothpaste lead to diarrhea and stomach pain?
Can race help you track a disease that is self-induced or self-regressive?
Can a person be allergic to fever? something smells?
Can a urinary test show you have a kidney stone?
Can Cognitive Behavior Therapy Help Someone Quit Smoking?
Can Contact Dermatitis Cause Scaring?
Can I drink coffee to avoid headaches?
Can I have a glass of wine as I take methylprednisolone for poison Ivy?
Can Sleep Pain Cause Memory Loss? and Negative Thoughts? I've been diagnosed with sleep Pain but I'm sure how long it's been
Is it normal to have a brown discharge while exposed to it, but has there been no period so far?
Can you do the surgery 13 weeks after the initial injury to repair Urna and the broken middle axis showed poor healing of the bone and seemed to be healing "boar" (bad angle)?
Can you tell us about the most common genetic disorders?
The cold gets worse after 10 days.Symptoms: inflammation, shortness of breath, chest pain, eyebrows sealed by mucus at night.
Does ovarian cyst increase during ovulation?
I cut off my fingers about 10 hours ago and it looked very deep and quickly cleaned up, wearing it, and now you can hardly say I cut it.
Can Adderall (dextroamphetamine and racemic amphetamine) shoot the eyes?
Do anyone get blood cancer?
Does chronic use of laxatives lead to a bacterial imbalance in the intestine?
Do people with cognitive impairment due to brain tumors recover their abilities?
Do you think there will ever be a remedy for herpes or people are already trying to find a cure?
The effects of alcohol consumption on body fat?
The eyes were dry over the past few days. one eye became lightly red with a bright mucus, and the next day the mucus was yellow with the eye's stimulation.
The flu has been symptomatic for about 3 weeks, now the symptoms have disappeared, it has been coughing for 1 week, the chest really hurts.
For people with arthritis, does the pop kicks hurt like the palms of their hands?
For the first time, a lot of clear, colourless, odorless fluid was poured out of my womb two days after having sex with my partner.
I had yellow stool for 4 months without any other symptoms, it turned into dark green 3 days ago, no iron supplements
It has water fluid on the feet and legs quite bad, already on the water pills....It has a difficult time to sleep and it makes it difficult to walk...Do I have to go to the age?
Do you think atherectomy is better than the stent procedure?
Hi. I have a bleeding and a little pain in my lower abdomen and back.After I clean it, I can see it and sometimes like that mucus
He touched my vulva nd clit with his finger and I was not sure if he had ovulation.
Hi.I had a pain in my right ear.It might have started on Thursday and it just continued.
What is the difference between baby and adult bones?
How can I manage anxiety without medication?
How can I cure a third-degree burn?
How do I help a depressed friend?
How can I improve my posture?I’m bending my head forward at least 4 inches from my round shoulder.
How can I prevent my hands from getting dry and dry?
How can I tell the difference between hemorrhoids and intestinal cancer? What is the main difference, although the symptoms are very similar?
Why do so many doctors not believe adrenal fatigue is a real problem?
How do I calculate how many days my cycle lasts? it flows 6 days, but on the 7th day it falls very little, as observed.
How do I stop my cold pain from the skin? when a cold pain in the skin, it should get blood?
How Do You Know the Difference Between Colitis and Diverticulitis?
How do you know if you have respiratory depression?
How long does it take to eat ice cream?
How much potassium do you need every day from a regular diet to be healthy?
How much water should a 60lb 10-year-old drink a day? we were told at least 64oz, but that seemed too much she drank.
How to read the significant pain of the L1-5 Belgian disc?
How do doctors recommend treating headaches or migraines?
Can I not see in the dark, how can others? do I need carrots or vitamin A?
I didn't get my period for 2 months earlier this year. I consulted an OBGyne who is a friend of my brother. I also consulted her since I have had brown discharge and I was alarmed.
I eat vegetable calories (different types) every meal every day, which counts in the 5 aspects of my day, is this a healthy way to eat vegetables?
If a baby has mrsa at the age of five, the doctor gave her a pill, but with what soap can I wash her?
If I have a 33-day cycle and I start taking Clomid in the 5-9 days, when should I have sex?
If I have sex the day before I ovulate, when will I get pregnant?
I’m well, but I have diarrhea every day and I can’t seem to find a good diet for me!
Because there was water in my ears, I used the ears in the swimming ears.Now I can't hear and the earrings are stuck.
I have a flu with a dry cough and in the morning it is a plague. What cough syrup would be suitable?
I have a headache, dizziness and blurred vision, and I just entered one that I should be worried about, what are the signs?
I have a bad headache, what should I do?
I take proventil (albuterol) but I still have difficulty breathing - what can I do for it?
Does CT of the head and MRI of the brain detect blockage of the arteries?
I have had bad stomach cramps with a few diarrhoea for the last few days.
I just had a cervical loop excision.What should I expect from the histology report?
I just ate chocolate, but should I not eat the rest of the day to control my calorie intake?
I am a teenager who is not sexually active, and recently I started getting pain when I pee shortly after ejaculation.
I have experienced a frequent throat cleansing since using ozone air generators... My Google calls it a healing reaction... What do you think?
I am on a Depo-Provera shot. I am not sexually active. When I wake up, I am in a rush of clear discharge. Is this normal?
I am over 30 and I only have acne on my headline, what can I do about it, can my husband irritate and cause acne?
I was on the fourth day with extreme throat pain, coughing and possible fever.
In a mental health program, I use opiates again and my addiction to them is strong and don’t know how to tell the doctor?
I need to know if there are more than one types of achondroplasia.
Are CBT or X-rays good enough to tell a dentist if he needs a sinus lift to prepare for dental implants (will I go to CBCT anyway)?
Will the hashimotos goiter always be there, or is this condition reversible?
Is it contraindicated to insert a urine catheter in a patient with a myocardial stroke?
Is it normal that the area where you have your tips is tough?
Is it possible to buy a little illosone (Erythromycin estolate) without a prescription?
I sprinkled raw juice in my eyes with my contact yesterday night, my eyes were good, should I throw my contact away?
Is Salmonella an Infectious Disease?
Is there any formal diagnosis of hypersensitivity to clothes?
Is there a connection between dry eyes and lips?
Is there a medicine that controls my anger?
Are there interactions between drinking soy milk and taking Accutane?
If your semen or discharge comes out brown, is there something wrong?
Is the use of an electronically programable stationary bike at a moderate pace as beneficial to the heart as a walk at a temperate pace?
I took Yaz (drospirenone and ethinyl estradiol) bc and for the last 11 days I had unprotected sex I can get pregnant and I can miss my period in the next month?
I took 4mg of Suboxone on Tuesday so I got out of my methadone and was in full withdrawal...I have a urine test 5 days later on Monday?
I had sex with a condom.I checked for wrinkles, it was okay, there were no wrinkles.If it didn’t crack, was it almost effective for STDs?
I’ve never been pregnant so it’s hard for me to distinguish signs and symptoms, so clear / dirty discharge could be a early sign.
I was at ENT for another problem and he said my adenoids were very soft.I am 20 years old.Is this normal?
Excentrial mild c5c6 discovery vertebral joint hypertrophy to the right; mild t-spinal scoliosis, defect of bilateral stops l4, stenosis of forums in l4l5 - is surgery necessary?
My 2-year-old daughter is in regression in speech. she had a dec take. she has behavioral problems (not listening, acting, saying and ignoring) why?
My 7-year-old has severe seasonal allergies and is being prescribed a daily dose of antihistamines, can you recommend any natural treatments?
The penis of my boys became black and blue under the head last night after sex.There is a swelling but no pain.
My child is a painful loser, have any advice?
My grandfather has lung cancer and he has it in his heart.He didn't make much sense and fell in abundance.The hospital nurse took diuretic medications for him.About how long does he have?
My mother is about 75 years old. their BP and sugar are under control. sometimes their urine frequency increases despite normal sugar.
From mini-tablets. 35 days of the last menstrual cycle. 4 days of menstruation. 2 days after the bleeding ended, I felt like I was ovulating and had pain in the bottom right.
Please advise me if this is normal or if I cramp during my fertile days?
Can you recommend the best beer to avoid hangover?
Please tell me what is adrenal disease and what is the cause of it?
The rear glass separator eye-p.v.d, what is it?
The radiologist read my pelvic CT scan wrong and I went to the ER to hurt my very bad pelvic pain and so on.They ordered a non-contrast CT test of the pelvic.The first CT examination report showed the right ovary was slightly larger than the left (I don't have a left side)
Should I use benzoyl peroxide cream or soap?
Doctors, my mother and I are not sure if I have herpes or cold pain.
Sometimes I dream when I sleep, but I am awake, and I know I am, but also dream.
I always have a non-productive dry cough on my nose, but there is no fever and occasional headache, what should I do?
Will speech therapy help her at this stage?
Well, should groups of people not take Aromasin (exemestane)?
What is the best treatment you know to cure a cold quickly without causing scars?
What is the probability that I will eventually get the symptoms caused by my wpw? Left vascular connection. No symptoms, medical diagnosis. Age20 men
What are the treatments for frequent urination?
What could cause me to be lightheaded / dizzy?
What can I eat before a colonoscopy? they told me a bright liquid, but what does it mean? coffee is not bright, but I said I can have it
What can anyone do about heart disease?
What caused a 17-year-old girl to experience pain and a feeling of a bubble in the abdomen?
What effects can I expect from Velcade (bortezomib) chemo?
What if the delayed ejaculation is due to psychological reasons?
What is functional heart attack and what preventive measures should be taken?
What are the definitions or descriptions of: hyphema
What is life expectancy for a person with mixed connective tissue illness?
What is the prognosis and best treatment for DVT?
What is this rare illness called Porphyria?
What kinds of diseases or diseases can cause both symptoms of thyroid suppression and juvenile idiopathic arthritis?
What could cause a slightly enlarged joint gallbladder if all other organs look good?
What treatment do you suggest for endometrial and ovarian cysts?
When can deep venous thrombosis occur after a flight?
When do you need to seek medical help for MRSA it is red swelling and pain has recently been a bit sleepy and nauseous I am a diabetic?
When I eat food, my throat becomes heavily clogged, apparently turned by a motor disorder.I also get chain cramps and chest pain.
When Is It Needed to Drink Salt?
Does cooking in coconut oil add or affect the levels of cholesterol and triglycerides?
What parts of the body can be donated after your death?
Why is the abdomen at the top of my belly always swollen and full whenever I eat? and then I end up releasing gas, which mostly stinks.
Why should I take part in a MS clinical trial?
176 RA IgM factors are considered to be low positive for rheumatoid factors.
3wks postop GB removal.very nausea, pain, and headaches.to get an ultrasound tomorrow to check for fluids. could it be the cause?
A friend and I were cheating one night and we are both pretty sure that the only thing we did was oral sex.
Can a fiber softener allergy occur immediately, or can it appear a few months after using softeners?
Do you have blood tests or ultrasound tests to see if you have Globus pharyngeus?
Is it sometimes hit me in my head? is it sleep or cold or other reason?
Can men with impotence or erectile dysfunction ovulate during sleep and develop nocturnal emissions?
Can anyone be cured of solar maculopathy
I’ve started taking 100mg of Gabapentin daily for 4 days, and Trimethoprim 200mg twice a day.
Can a milk allergy cause circles under the eyes to form?
Did weight gain lower your immune system? yesterday started for the first time in 7 months, the next day a cold appeared on the lips
Can you give me some advice about good abdominal exercises?
Can you use emla cream (lidocaine and prilocaine) during the tattoo procedure?
Can you get bird flu from the bird flying to your home?
Using methane every day for about 6 to 7 months is the best way to recover weight, muscle and fat.
Light and light, what can this cause?
Doctor, what is the average volume of men’s sperm in ml?My husband is 2 ml.Is it too low?What’s the average?
Does diuretics remove your appetite and make you feel confused when you walk or get up?
Do doctors need a biopsy to make sure I have a disease, or am I just undergoing a pelvic examination?
Will the muscle tension of antipsychotic drugs disappear after stopping? all other side-effects will go away, or the brain will re-connect to the conservation effect?
What are the effects of healthy foods and junk foods, and what are those nutritious foods?
How much is too much hair for a woman?
Do I feel a rhinitis a week before my menstrual period and on a normal BC?
Over the past few months, at about the same time every month, I have mood cramps, irritable, swollen, tired.
Cold eggs at 24 to 25 years old.
Did anyone study the positive or negative of spanking?
I want to know what are the side effects of taking tesbooster at the age of 16?
Hey, my ferritin level is 14.8 ng/ml... Do I need to take iron supplements?
Is it true that humans are born with both female and male parts?
Hi, doctors, I take 20 mg of Citalopram tablets and have cold legs, all the time, any other side effects similar to Citaliopram, I am worried?
Hi I am 18 years old and would like to know what I will use or take to become older?
I went to a cardiologist, I had an ECG showing the st-t changes, echocardiography and my heart was fine but saw a little break.
How can you really deal with bad morning sickness?
How can my eyes get better?
How to get rid of the nose, itching eyes, nose congestion and frequent coughing?
How can I show my reverse nipples?
How can I stop the pain in the face?
How can I overcome my family problems before I go to college?
What temperature should I have to cook to kill Creutzfeldt-Jakob disease?
What is the probability that a dermoid cyst is cancerous?
How long does acute bronchitis last in a child?
How much sleep a 13-year-old girl gets a night?He looks very active and tries to get a slower stomach.She weighs 84lbs&is 4
How to treat pulmonary edema?
I have a pain in my esophagus.I have a little hunger too.I feel a little better if I take omeporazale.
I'm trying to gain a pound, am I having some genetic disorder?
I can only not use the bathroom for 1 to 4 hours, is there any way to keep it more, what to do?
If I have astigmatism, can it cause a headache every day?I don’t wear glasses, but I work on the PC all day and there’s a lot of bright lighting.
If I suffer from the morning side effects after the pill, should I assume that they worked?
If you had giardia and treated it, but your liver enzyme has increased, what can it indicate?
I had mucosity in my stools and myself for 3 weeks and then suddenly I had sickness and diarrhea with fever and now I go back to the mucus when it turns on?
I have a positive ANA 1:160 Homo pattern & RNP of. 3. joint pain, dizziness of the limbs, skin indents remain for hours, itching.
I have a feeling of shooting and occasional pain that comes and goes to the upper right stomach just under my right breast what could be?
I’ve been having problems every time I eat, I go and it’s yellow and short and my belly feels strange in the middle, I have diabetes
I have been experiencing headaches for about 2 weeks, feeling tired and weakened and loss of appetite that has not occurred at once.
I have endless inflammation throughout the day, which makes me feel weak every day, but at the same time ruins my appetite.
I have flu, I have no heart disease history, my heart rate is a bit higher than normal, is it normal during the flu, or is it a worry?
I hit my front on the edge of the microwave.Do I need to check it out?
I have pain in my leg, but I don't know what's wrong.
I am bleeding from the penis for no reason.
I have an eruption of genital herpes, usually I take the acyclovior. but the pharm told me that it could affect my ulcer.
I have eyes pain and redness again, what could be the cause?
I have sulfuric acid three to four times a week, no gallbladder, I eat healthy, what causes it?
I have so much pain, what do I do?
What are the side effects of Dr. Dnp?
I recently had sex with my husband during my period, he ovulated inside me and now I feel pain in my lower back and stomach.
Do I need a vaccine against the H1N1 or H5N1 flu?
I started my period a little on Sunday, but on Monday I stopped having points.Today my seven-day feeling is that I still have my menstrual period, but only the point.
Are there any side effects or bad effect on the body by drinking protein from the body?
I think they have what they call bipolarity, and I can’t afford treatment.
I have had recurrent yeast infections for years, how do I prevent them from recurring?
I have had eczema on my face since October for the first time.Can it come from the alcoholic makeup brush cleaner I use or
I was told I had taken thyroid insufficiency and now my hands felt like they were asleep, my legs hurt really badly, and the dry skin on my feet was chordy?
I woke up, my eyes were cut off, what should I do?
I learned that my mother could get a tumor after a X-ray.She sent our nine-week-old baby last week.
My 16-month-old son has ethylmalonic aciduria, what kind of fats are harmful to his health (saturated fats or mono saturated)?
My almost 3-month-old cried during his feeding.
My fasting sugar is 136, or 7.5, which is high, so, is this why I vomit every morning?
My left testicle is lower and horizontal, while my right testicles are higher and vertical.
My legs get boring to the point that I can’t walk.This sometimes happens when I move fast or wearing something very heavy.
I'm thinking about using mint oil capsules to calm my ibs, is this a bad idea?
A week ago this night I shot myself several times, there is no diarrhoea or stomach cramps. I sleep for the rest of the next day. still there’s no energy!!!
In the last few days, my eyelids are twisted.What could be the cause?Only mild cramps.
Do people who have had a liver transplant due to cirrhosis (the last stage) always develop an aneurysm of the liver?
Please help, 27w/ED has occasionally had problems at the start of the past year and a half, until now it’s not possible to keep standing while masturbating.
Propose the best antibiotics for higher wcb and crp. It was removed from my daughter due to gallbladder surgery
Please tell me what they can do for the acne on the face?
The pockets filled with purple fluid on the scalp increased for a few months, swelling during cutting. similar to skin labels. worried about cancer. there is nothing to check out?
Rcently prescribed Lumigan 0.1% IOP concern about burning in the eyes called the Doc and Doc doesn't take calls.
With regard to my last question. Every time I take Oxycodone, I become very sensitive to noise.
Heavy gastroparesis is thrown out every day. Most of them are a liquid diet. How do I make sure I get the right nutrients to be as healthy as possible?
Strange or frightening Ambien (Zolpidem) side effects?
Ultrasound says the length of the liver is 15.7 cm, is this a normal size?
Yesterday I walked somewhere in thin jeans I started to hurt my left hand I hurt when I touched it I didn’t happen before I was very healthy.
I was treated for chlamydia with doxycyline 2 months after possible exposure, can I have an asymptomatic PID and not knowing about the infection
I was writing, and my fingers were strange like Charlie's horse.
Water eye has been usimg restasis for a month I have tried to refresh and cause discomfort what eye drops do you recommend to stop watering the eyes?
What are the side effects of Cyclizine 50 mg?
What are the best lumbar stretching exercises?
What are the components of a good exercise routine during pregnancy?
What are the side effects of Zoloft (sertralin)?
What Are the Signs of Having a Coldbite?
What can I do about adrenal tumors, what are the symptoms?
What can I do to naturally abort a baby?I live in the Philippines and abortion is illegal here.
What can I give my 13-year-old pain in the throat?
What does the ECG mean by t wave flat?
What does that mean if I only have a partial tear of my PCL?
What does it mean when some people with Gilbert syndrome develop anemia?
What do lymphatic nodes and echo-gen centers mean? the causes that can cause the expansion of this type of lymph nodes
What should I do if my bf was someone in w hpv?We haven't done sex yet.I've taken three gardasil.
If I was 27 years old, what would I suggest if I had a sperm erection problem after I inserted my penis?
What is suggested if my husband was prescribed metoprolol to reduce his hearing rate, which was higher than 100 bpm?
What are the inanimate objects that calm you when you see them?
What is a Multi cystic pancreate?
What is the anti-nuclear antibodies test in immunology?
What is Micturization?
What is ovulation and when does a woman ovulate?
What is the recovery time from bone foam surgery?
What's the difference between a gastric sleeve and Roux-en-Y surgery?
What is the recovery for endoscopic surgery of the sinus and septoplasty as?
What tips do you have for the design of an effective workout/nutrition plan?
What to do if my 2-year-old son is worried about getting a Holter monitor test?
What should I do if I can’t stop eating fat foods?
What should I do if I have a problem with my fistulectomy?
What kind of vitamins or minerals should a healthy 23-year-old man take daily?
What causes abnormal T3 (liothyronine) levels? is TSH/T4 normal?
When does the doctor use a big needle to stick?
When I close my eyes and get tired (I try to fall asleep) suddenly, coincidental thoughts rise into my head like a very fast dream.
When I turn on or off my shoes, do I feel like there is sand on the bottom of my feet and feel shaking?
When I thought about something that made me depressed and stressed, I felt my heart beating.
Which is better than 7seas tablets or minadex multivitamin syrup for children to boost immune after illness?
Why do I have a cough when I eat salty or salty foods?
Why Do Preeclampsia Women Have Stomach Pain?
Why do certain nutrients completely bypass the liver?
Why do I feel stomach pain every time I eat meat and the gas is bad? is it intolerable? is our body really not to digest meat?
Why do people with a running nose tend to have broken lips?
Does having lipomas in the lower back affect a given epidural or spinal blockage before having a
Can you say you can get the flu from a flu shot?
Birth control at 21 f, my periods start late, periods are lighter than normal, pain in my abdomen is not normal, and I’ve been much more tired lately.
26yo F. HIDA scan showed 23% of gallbladder function, no stones.
After having sex once, I don’t feel like I want to do it again, why?
Anal cracks have been bleeding a lot for a week.Started treatment with steroid cream a day ago.How long will it still bleed?
What are the effective home remedies for allergies that I can do?
Is there a good OTC remedy for labyrinthitis?
We are both carriers and our first baby has Hb e beta. We are interested in our second baby.
Can AST and ALT levels rise because of a root canal procedure?
Can I take a B12 shot if I have high blood pressure?
Can I take my antibiotics 1 hour earlier? penicillin 500mg 1 tablet every 12 hours?
People can be born without color blind, then it occurs as they age.I know that people with good vision can go wrong, is it the same thing?
Can there be positive tests for HSV1 and HSV2 if you have never had any symptoms, what will blood tests prove?
Can varicoselectomy or inguinal hernia cause epidymitis?
Can too hard cleaning your teeth cause fatal oral disease?
Could you write me a doctor’s certificate so I could take my music exam again?My fingers were caught, blood vessels formed, and swollen so big that my nails got up.
Dads HbA1C was 6.2 on January 21, 2015, he had a diabetic diet: Hba2C was 6.0 on April 4, 2016, now can you check Hb A1C again?
Does hot dog cooking reduce sodium content?
Does calcification in the nodes of the thyroid mean you have cancer?
Does taking 5HTP help to reduce the adrenal hormone?
Does GMO have an effect on type 1 diabetes?
Are people with testicular cancer feeling the pain comes and goes?
Foods for treating low alkaline phosphatase?
MRSA Doctor gave me doxycycline for 10 days. The cyst is excreted and does not hurt. finished medicine. Is it out of my system? will it come back?
There was a magical place where I felt that my feet were an inch lower than the floor, a little fainting, but not terrible.
Hi, 3.71 x 4.35cm ecogenic mass mixed at the bottom of the uterus, pls what does it mean?
Hello, can you help? please Dr. Eric Keltz? I think I have a stuck nerve and its subway from my back to the foot, I think it may be West Tacca I’m not completely sure, but I am in trouble.
How do I choose the battery to put in the puzzle maker?
I am a 17-year-old girl, weight: 170 lbs and height: about 6 ft
How do I “forced” a beard to grow in a particular area?I want to make a “goatee” style, but all I have are jaw hair and small beard.
How can I talk to my doctor about insomnia?
How to get in touch with worms in pets?I saw a few white things in my b.M. but didn't see it every day.How can I remove them?
How to safely remove a potential head injured swimmer from the water?
How harmful is an infection if it is not treated?
How long do you have to stay at work after an aneurysm surgery?
How long does the blood of the implant last? is it as heavy as the normal periods?
How often should I evaluate and replace my user orthopedic scans & Flat feet / 1fallen arch. 5K Run / Walker advice to avoid injury?
I am 20 years old and weighs 62kg and my height is 5"6'.
How to enhance sexual energy.
How to lose fat? tell us specific things, i.e. the type of exercise, the duration of the exercise, etc.
How do I fit my body?I always have problems with my weight gain. what should I do?
I'm a survivor of Hodgkin's pediatric lymphoma. I've developed a double horizontal vision. I have an ophthalmology appt.
Effient 1 per day temsig 50mg 1/2 day ramipril 2.5 per day aspirin 1/day is it advisable to get a tattoo since I have 2 stents and had a heart attack in the last 18 months?
I have unprotected sex with a prostitute after 28 days I go to the HIV test I give the result is non-reactive 0.07 is it conclusive?
If the mother has celiac, should the child be tested?
I feel that my food is not digested and I feel like I have to throw it out constantly?
I’ve had sex today and since then I have had severe bleeding and I’m not in my period, but my periods are not regular.
I have a bean-sized ass over my wrist, which is hard but also soft when I touch it.
I have a small spot on the upper left side of my back. I have had it for about 2 months now.
I have an irreversible tube in my breasts, and now my last child has a pair that has no pain on the chest almost six years ago?
Do I have a headache please?
I have had slight pressure/density on my head and face, and for 8 years, I feel only better when I bow down on the floor.
I have very high prolactin due to pure tumors, and I also take antidepressants.
I hit my head on the door of the car, there was a small bubble, and after 24 hours I had a bad headache.
I hurt my knee and heard the pop, but now it hurts when I go up the stairs and down it and walk it, or move it in a certain way, I should see my doctor
I just started my period for 2 days and just started real bad headaches, throat pain, body inflammation and colds.
I am 19 years old, the doctor examined the cervix, developed abnormal cells, HPV warts, I received more tests, I was with my boyfriend for 2 years can I have unprotected sex?
My cholesterol is 354 and I am class 3 obese and I now work with a dietitian and my doctor.
I am 27 years old, woman. I use a lotion for hair removal for pubic hair. What can I use to prevent or treat itching pimples
I am 48 years old, I have no frequent erection, but I take blood pressure medications, along with Cialis, is there anything to help me, or is it my mind?
I am from 5 to 9 160 pounds How to gain weight quickly and healthy in 1 month I want to earn 20 pounds or more?
I am a young MTF and I want to start hormone replacement therapy. is aldactone (spironolactone) 100 mg / day a good option?
I have bad headaches with cold sweat neck pain and nausea and pain behind the eyes.
I have too many heart palpitations (the heart pulse is very hard every 2 minutes) I am just 22 years old.
I am not sure if I am pregnant. take 2 tests one + with a very weak blue line another -.. fatigue, severe headache. nausea.. dizziness. but pain helps?
I usually wash my hair 1 * week because it is very dry and I take isotretinoin.
Is a four-week HIV negative antibody test/negative PCR test reliable?
Are atherosclerosis inherited?
Is the blood pressure of 124/66 OK? my normal blood pressure is 110/74.
I share food with a lot of strangers and eat from the same dish. I have cancer pain. Is it possible to develop oral/genital herpes?
Is it better to take aspirin in the night or in the morning to prevent heart attack?
Is it normal that the stomach increases in size after receiving CPR?
Is it normal to get a cystocele at the first pregnancy at 27w? not overweight. standing and sitting for a long time.
Is it safe to decorate my ears daily with alcohol (ethyl 70%) before and after I put them directly in?
Is psychological disease like bipolar heredity?
Is a fast/hard heartbeat is normal, followed by an adrenaline rush, even in bed it seems to be random it happens more frequently now it has happened
Is there any treatment for thyroid infection because my blood is so thin that I have the risk of internal bleeding?
Is there an effective way of determining if you have caught a venereal disease?
Is it still in the healing process, or may it be a scarring.What should I do?Do I need a check-out appointment, or do I need to wait until I was treating the age spots with liquid nitrogen 2 1/2 weeks ago.
I think I have a bunion that is very painful and it is too late for me to go to a shop.
I was discouraged because IV was in university for a year and have only completed half of what most students have done.
Winter exercise is hard, I like to run outdoors, but it’s too cold, there’s so much snow, how do I lose weight in winter?
I get my hands mostly red in the morning.I found myself sleeping hard on my hands.Is there anything to worry about this?
I took 20mg of Prozac (fluoxetine) and increased to 30mg per day this month. I have to take it all morning or divide it for breakfast and lunch.
I wear glasses, sometimes I don’t wear it, anyway my sight is washed in the night, and in the day, what does it mean?
Low potassium? how much should it be? can I take the drug excessively?
Can I use tampons a week after a medical abortion? I found contradictory information online.
My wife and I have been trying to have a baby for the past few months, but are they negative?
Can serious infections and poor nutrition cause hair loss?
My 5-year-old daughter took a urine test last week and found traces of blood, calcium was 2.4, creatinine was 3.3, should I worry?
My seven-month-old son fell from the couch and hit his head on the concrete floor.
Does my back hurt on the right side?
My bm is not solid but not heavy enough. It looks more like for the lack of better word "shredd" why is it that?
My eyebrows and hair fell out a lot, and my eyelids didn’t grow any more, nor did they grow very fast, and I even used Rogen (Minochitil) to grow my eyeglasses, but it didn't work.
My vision is bad in one eye -0.5 and in the other eye -0.75 how can I improve my eyes to normal vision without features?
My heart rate is normal during the day, but why does it get faster when I sleep?
My mother's uncle and daughter had leukemia at both the age of 65 and 54. he had AML and she had APL.
Sometimes, the blood vessels in my lower leg break and form, and there is a lot of pain with the appearance of touch.
On the upper right side of my head, I have that random pulse sensation? as if someone was touching his finger on that little place.
Painful rash spread on the right ass. causes lymphatic pain on the thigh and general pain in the back
Penis extender or jelqing? what is better for penis enlargement?
Planning a healthy pregnancy with diabetes. what to do and when?
Tell me, what is it when your back is closed?
There are severe migraines and deep pain in the ears for a week.My migraine causes deep ear pain
Should I make a statin tomorrow at my check-up?My cholesterol was very high and I’m sure it’s still.
Do I need to get a flu vaccine or are there any negative side effects?
Should I take out a bullet if it is still inside?
Tinnitus 35 years. silence until the break May.Squealing. up and down.ENT doctor thinks that stress is the cause.Good sign noises vary as well.Treatstress and will you withdraw?
I have recently been diagnosed with crown and thought of moving to a vegetarian lifestyle because raw vegetables/salads are already a problem.
The McKay root picks will grow up, and if so, why have I relaxed my hips inches when I started taking the pill?
What is considered to be the safest prescription medication for high blood pressure/hypertension?
What are a few of the risk factors for getting high blood pressure?
What are the physical factors that affect heart rate?
What can you do if you cannot enter the contact lens?
What is the reason why the number of red blood cells is high, it is at 19 and the ESR is high and TSH 1.25 has never been as low as the anti-thyroid 9 is at 900?
What causes underdeveloped breasts in a woman with PCOS?Current biochemical abnormalities are a high deficiency of LH vit d, sometimes a low
What Can Increase Estrogen Levels Do for Me?
What do I have to do after I have tried for 8 months, and there is no good result for the second child?
What do you do if my son has cerebral palsy, if there is no space for him in school, or if there’s no place for his medicine?
What would you suggest if my son had just been diagnosed with a heart scream? he was just 3 years old and I was screaming when I was born
What Foods Should You Avoid When You Have Genital Herpes?
What happens if the HPV disappears by itself, can it still spread?
What is alpha-1 antitrypsin deficiency and what effects does it have on the body?
What is Magnesium overdose? I took 200mg and is it too much?
What are the medicines for high blood pressure?
What kinds of bacteria or viruses are identified or sought by a semen culture?
What is a murmur of the heart?
What should I do to get grey hair early?
What should I do if I have finished prk, so while I am in the recovery phase, what degree should I have in my place temperature?
What happens if someone mixes Femara (Letrozol) with human growth hormones?
When my heart burns, my eyes also start burning, which is very uncomfortable.
Which listerin is better for cavities?
Why is my left buttock almost every night? it shakes with it when I get up, from my buttocks to the front of my legs to my knees.
Why is my tongue so hurt?
Will I continue to have a baby after a heart attack?
Would it take longer to heal a broken scapula than a warm composite fiber fracture?
After 3 days of flu (influenza) w/fever taking ibuprofen and acetaminophen, I left a burning feeling behind.
Ana 160:1 with u1rnp 5 u/ml. Other lupus screens are negative. pulmonary hypertension, renal insufficiency is reversed with bicarbonate (sodium bicarbonat).
Anorexic Flair with an abnormal heart attack.
Which is the best multivitamin brand for seborrheic dermatitis and candida overgrowth?
Any recommendation for a ointment for the rash of the foot of the hand and mouth in a 2-year-old child? she is energetic but a little uncomfortable with rashes in the arms/bottom
Some suggestion I got a benzapenecillin injection 2400000 and now I feel more worthy than before, I am f
Does Sympathetic Nerve Blocks work to calm the sympathetic system that causes angina and migraines?
In the evening, when I use my phone or PC, it will be a bit blur.
Blood pressure is 140/88 and I am 25 years old.
Red red spots and period should be 6 days. It has been marked 4 years past the middle of the cycle. The last month period lasted 12 days. 44 years.
Can dementia cause ANS disorder? if so, what to do?
Can you tell me how I can maintain materialism when I don’t eat?
Does laser eye surgery cause pain during surgery?
Can microdermabrasion be harmful?
Can anyone advise me that I have had pain in my knee (blocking) for 5 months?
Is it possible to die of an enlarged heart on Xray?
Could you advise me to translate my MRI result?
Could you call me at 908 - 405-0112?
Can abdominal adhesions be obtained from a laparoscopic bilateral hernia repair?
Can you tell me how advanced is lung/bronchial cancer?
Can Diabetes macular edema be cured with acupuncture?
Does anyone know what causes pain in the legs, especially at night?
Do female virgins get dizzy if they have sex with men who have prostate problems?
Is chiropractic medicine helping people with back problems?
Does excessive masturbation cause back pain over a long time?
Does ovarian cancer cause numbness in the leg and swelling of the foot?
Does the father or mother carry the high genes of the daughter?
Can the use of a foam rolling machine build muscle or relax the muscle?
Is Weight Loss Naturally During Breastfeeding?
My father has psoriasis and psoriatic arthritis, I also have joint pain. - Does this mean an autoimmune disease goes
Feeling slightly soft, anesthesia. it’s not diabetes, but there’s a glucose meter. the meter read 75mg for 3 hours after eating the cake.Is this normal?
For what reason do surgeons choose to overload the stomach rather than bandage surgery?
There is a liver failure, the medication is unable to reveal the cause, and ascits have developed.How can I naturally improve the liver and kidney function?
There’s a bubble on my vagina’s right side of the lips and vomiting so bad, when I sit down it’s jumping more I don’t have sex in a year, what can it do?
Hi, I noticed that I had a small black spot on my gums, the mark occupies the surface of the very tip of my gum tissue.
How can a DHT block influence a female user on birth control?
How can I deal with a gambling addict?
How can I control my PP sugar level...the diet is controlled.What are the additional boundaries I need to control it.I eat honey, walk
How can I reduce my triglyceride levels.I was removed from my kidneys in 2010 and my levels have risen.I am a vegetarian and really have a healthy diet
How can I slow down hair loss in the middle of my front hair
How can you check your cholesterol level?
What are the medical tests used by the insurance company?
How long does it take for sleeping medication to get out of your system?
How low can hemoglobin be before a blood transfusion is needed?
How long or how far do I need to ride a bike to lose weight?
How common is low testosterone in men aged 30 to 50?
How to Heal Disk Hernia? What Types of Exercises Should I Do?
If you hate your life and are afraid of dying, how do you live it?
How to Lose Belly Fat?
I am 5/1 and 185 pounds I have hip problims so I do not exercise what are my waiting loss options?
I am a man of 21 years of age, about 1cm, there is a small painful bulk on my thigh area, I am at the point where my inner jaw is connected to my back?
I'm sure that Maxalt (rizatriptan) doesn't work now. my hair feels much worse. it's painful to move it.
I believe I have flu, I have vomited, green and yellow, I also have a fever, I am 27 years old.
If I have only 10 minutes of time to work, what can I do?
If someone has been treated for chlamydia in the past, is there a way to know that a doctor needs to recover his medical history?
If your numbers are hard and dark, what does that mean?
I close my eyes very often.Can it be because I have anemia?
I had a low placenta and bleed twice as much at 1 a.m.
I had a backdrop surgery three years ago and had discomfort in the area of my right leg and leg. Can this treatment help me?
I suffered two strokes from endocarditis in 2012 and had unbearable headaches for 24 hours a day for three years, what tests do I recommend?
I have a solid small bulk under the skin in front of my trachus, and I’ve had a very bad headache that’s so bad to wake me up in the middle of the night.
I have had damage to the lower lips since last week and have not healed!I am hydrating it to prevent a crack, but now I have a small shock on the upper lips!
I have iron deficiency and have not been diagnosed, but I am quite sure I am anemia. Do I just want to know if broken blood vessels are symptoms?
I have a pink blood vessel on the left side of the penis. it reaches the front corner before it disappears. it only appeared yesterday. what should I do?
I’ve been watching my periods every two weeks for several months, I’m very regular, and I am much heavier, can you help?
I have a big ass, my ass is not outside, and my ass comes out when I’m cold or I touch them, is it normal?
I have chronic hepatitis C. A doctor I usually do not prescribe metronidazole 500 mg for a bacterial infection.
I got my head cold with transportation, I got the Rx of zpak I, and I took the boy dose today, but for the last four days I felt a disturbance in my left ear.
I have hypothyroidism. Recently, my extremities are constantly cold and my limbs sleep slightly.
I have psoriatic arthritis and I also have fibromyalgia. time seems to have an effect on the pain I feel.
Do I have stage 4 with condromalgia on both wheels with stable varicose veins on the left wheel as well as the protrusion of the right paracentral disk in the meaning of t8-11?
I am 26 years old and I have constant hot flames, several times a day. I sweat very easily and had a significant decrease in appetite.
I am a 42-year-old woman with pain in the lower back, what could it be
I am a woman of 29 years old.I feel pain through my abdominal button.I have a problem with pain more recently, but only when there is pain.
I’m feeling stressed about pregnancy and my period began to be light and shorter, can my stress cause this?
I have acne on my neck, how can I stop it?
When you quit smoking, how many years will it take for your lungs to get clean?
Is fast heart rate normal after taking methylprednisolone?
Is a 2-day period with mild pain normal? I usually have very bad pain for 3-4 days.
Is cirrhosis the cancer of the liver?
Do you use Hydroderm for Jock itch?
Is it possible for a teenager to have a really bad stomach acid? it has worsened and generally avoids the foods they trigger, but in recent times even the antiacids will help
Is it possible that the common antibodies neutralize the acid that produces the plaque and causes fluctuations?
It is possible to cure cataracts without lens implant, but are you using a correction lens?
Is there a way to lose my lower abdominal fat and see the abs?
Is vaginal itching during ovulation normal?
Is itoprid hydrochloride a aidgul drug?
There are only three, it doesn’t hurt, I thought I’d touched something, it’s a kind of rose, I’m not sure it scares me?
I have a bilateral neck disection for thyroid cancer in 2011.My neck has been flooded for 3 years.Do I need to see a lymphatic nod specialist?
I have had inflammation that has reappeared in my big lips three times or so, but now I have a red round small pain.
I currently use a night guard, but wondered if any damage caused by bruxism is reversible over time (is it that the enamel heals)?
I exercised very hard and recently my knees clocked when I went down the stairs or tried to do any foot exercise.
I received news about an old compression fracture, and now what can I do to relieve the pain?
Recently I got this strange bump behind my ears and inside my ear.
The legs felt like something was crawling on them, but nothing.
Headache and body pain are very severe, what can this be?
My 5-year-old son has a fever, a running nose, a cough and diarrhea.
My beard is re-growing, it is itching with red spots. can I do anything besides regulators to treat itching and spots?
My dad had a small piece on his legs, just after his forearm was torn apart. It was no longer as dirty, it would never cause him pain, but the little piece still exists?
My friend was also on Noah's ring, and what would she do if she washed her ring with really hot water?
My legs make a popping noise when I have the mouth. is it serious?
My lower back makes me feel painful, is there any way to cure this? will I play Badminton, going to dive will become worse?
My period is a week earlier and heavier than usual, what can it mean?
My red blood cells remain at 5.6-5.9 all the time.Hemaglobin is always between 16.9-18.0 and hematocrit is always at 50-55%.
My stomach always makes noise, whether I just ate or not. I never have a lot of gas, but the noise is very heavy.
Okay so, I'm on bc and I have sex (it's pain) I get blood brown and my vaginal pain almost hurt but it's hurt?
Regular discomfort in the left arm is accompanied by short chest pain, and I am breathing the air.
Period is more than 4 days ago. But the period is similar (as) to the tinga and a little cramp now. Nothing important. Is this HPV Bcoz that I have? Is it causing pain?
Please help me with bipolar fibromyalgia and high anxiety?
Pushups - should hr or BP fall first? for me the hr falls quickly but the neck continues to pulse very hard, is it dangerous to have low hr and high bp?
Side effects of prolixine (fluphenazine)
What insurance includes the laser treatment for angiofibromes?Best treatments for angiophibromas?Laser treatments are inefficient.
What are the contraindications for lasik?
What Are the Main Signs of Staphic Infection?
What Can Cause Cancer Under the Eye?
What can we do for a displaced jaw?
What causes kidney stones? is it in the genes or in the diet
So what does it mean to have a low ts4?
What does it mean when everything has the smell and taste of the
What if I strained my hamstring but I can still walk?
What is a good site for answers to dental problems? Ada? or just a party line?
What if you have spots on your legs but they look black?
What is the cause of back pain? from the bottom right side to the middle. really worry. no changes in the way of life. also have low abdominal discomfort
What Is the Definition or Description of Lyme Disease Vaccination?
What is the normal body temperature for men?
What is the use of the drug lovenex (enoxaparin)?
What should I consider before I get an intrauterin device?
If I have a stone in two kidneys, what should I do if one is 7mm.If I put the stone alone, what would they do?
What should I do if I start to have a 'Turkish neck' problem.Do you know the fusion exercises that can help me?
What viruses cause brain swelling?
When I see my girlfriend's bad words / insults come to my mind, I have to replace them with good words.
When should I see a doctor for the fever of my child? It was around 103 the whole day and has the peak at 103.7.
When should I think about a knee arthroscopy?
When do you lose weight, when do you break up?
What are the top machines and workouts for ass and ass cellulite?
Why did I have a pulmonary rupture after a heart surgery?
Why are my lips always peeling?What should I use as a good moisturizer?Vaseline and carmax don't work (of course).
Why do my ears “pop” when I'm lifting weights?
Would you test Neg for chronic 15 WBC leukemia, low hematocrit, early saturation, fatigue, and muscle weakness and discomfort for "ordinary suspects"?
About eight weeks of pregnancy women had a small period of cystic bleeding for one hour yesterday, after which only a light brown point passed through the blood vessels.
After a hysterectomy, menopause begins immediately.
After a car accident, my legs and feet are dizzy and I have knee pain.
After Septorhinoplasty (In 4 weeks post op) how do you know if the rest of the Dorsal hemp is up or different?
Do you have any clues about how to stop losing hair from stress and begin to grow? I have a big test that took stress in early June and then
A patient with COPD was receiving 12.5 mcg of fentanyl. The gp doubled this dose to 25mcg.
Are your arms considered to be makeup?
Are food intolerance such as MSG and onions permanent?
Is the surgical steel and the surgeon degree really the same?
Are there any quick home remedies to relieve mild abdominal pain and headache?
Are there any side effects I should worry if my 9-year-old son uses magnesium milk (magnesium hydroxide) as a deodorant?
Blocked ears, swollen nose and symptoms of a cold or a dry throat
Blood in the urine, pain in the flank. no burning, frequency. polyps of the bladder or kidney stones?
Can contact dermatitis lead to a cutting of the vagina?
Can a tooth seal be safely removed without using a drill if there is a crack underneath it?
Can fast food really make you fat?
Can Ibs rest in the night and then jump in the day?
Can tuberculosis cause microvascular disease?I have coughed for more than 3 weeks and have a minor vascular disease.
Can you tell me if my tumblr is blue, swollen and I can’t move the dose, which means it’s broken
Can you tell me what melanocytic lesions are?
Day 2 with a feeling tired, blocked, noise, speeds when I stand, I move around, laugh or sitting. the lower abdominal / pelvic area. no uterus has been
Diverticulitis causes the lower back.
Does anyone know the levels of hCG associated with a partial molar pregnancy?
Does the mouth sink slowly or quickly?
Lung cancer always affects the oxygen levels
Does the time matter during the ovulation?
Do you need to take antibiotics before a dental examination if you have TCR?
Feeling tired, life fatigue, some sleep disorders during working days, some weight gain, and there are rare suicidal thoughts.
Frequent unbearable leg cramping, what is the quickest way to relieve pain?
I had pain for two weeks, but now I have pain in my abdomen and right side.
Severe redness for 2 days, then 3 days later I started bleeding again after intercourse.
Hi doctor, I feel numb and dizzy in my neck and neck, pls help me?
I have skin colored spots on my vaginal lips! there's a problem? I'm really afraid!
How accurate is the doctor’s measurement to determine the week of the baby, date of arrival, conception, ovulation, etc.
How bad is olive oil in your food?
How does the ball look thin?
How Mitral Stenosis Affects the Heart?
How qcarbo16 works, I see people who use it to perform the drug test, well, that's not why I brought it, I have to clean my body, how it works,
How will your basic metabolic rate be affected by your basic energy spending?
How long does bleeding last after the removal of the mirena (levonorgestrel) my af is not until April 16
How long does the pain last for a root extraction?
How much do the spots in the abdomen (Witch Hazel) hurt in general?
How do you know if you had an abortion without passing the fetus?
How do you measure the severity of pectus excavatum?
I am 42 years old and I have only experienced menstruation four times in the last year.I have stomach pain, but nothing happens.
I have experienced a headache (better: resting, nsaids (ibuprofen, naproxen, etc.) (time frame: gradually starting) (side: left, right) (incidence: < 1 hour...
I have severe stomach pain in the middle of my right side.Every time I sweat I'm really bad like Charlie's horse next to me
I was sitting on a chair and holding something and feeling like something was shaking and now there is pain around my left side neck.
I didn’t have my period for a month and now I have a pink discharge and a negative pregnancy test and still do not have a period.
If I am allergic to normal ear brushes, can I put a clear nail polishing coating on my ear, or is it bad?
If you had CBC 2 years ago and you still have the same symptoms, is it good to get a new one?
I got a cold about a week and a half ago.Now I have a very severe headache and a pain in my left nose, I feel like my bone in the left nose hurts?
I had a hysterectomy and removal of my tubes and ovaries, but two years later I was told that I had very painful areas in my pelvis and I had endometriosis.
I had unprotected sex on February 6 n my cycle was on February 17.I had done the test 3 times 2 days in the morning too but all came negative?
If I have a brain disease of 3cm on the left frontal spine, can I also suffer injury when I am pregnant?
Do I have ADHD? is it possible to be a surgeon? please tell me honestly.
I have a small hole on the floor of my right ear.What can it be?Thank you.
I have endometritis, just had an abortion, and now the pain seems to be stronger than before, is it because of abortions?
I had some pregnancy symptoms, I was 4 days late, and there was a slight brown discharge at the time of my period, and two nurses said I thought I was.
I have hypermobile joints and I experience pain in my right arm, elbow, shoulder, and muscle.
I have a lot of dry gangrene on my right leg and I lose four legs, but I don't go beyond the middle leg.
I bite mosquitoes all over my body from head to feet.I itch everywhere.These bites swell and are combined with other bites.What can I do?
I have no big nodal voice on the right side of the neck, and I have severe pain in the throat.I was diagnosed with pharyngitis.
I have a pain in my left side of the neck, I have been swallowing for 3 days.
I have this skin peeling/blistering patch on the bottom of my foot.What is it and how can I get rid of it?
I have this strange taste in my mouth, but there are no other symptoms of dry soup.
I have a flexible sigmoidoscopy and I have an armor ready to use if I use it before I go to the hospital?
I am 5' 8" and 109 lbs. When I go to bed, I can see my belly pulsating to the left of my abdominal button.
With a lot of local pain, I was diagnosed with extended uterus, bikornate and some egg cysts.The pain is extreme.
I seem to think I have a Talal Coupon fracture, do you have any advice?
In an attempt to diagnose the disease, I received a 7 CT scan in two years.Because of a new upper-right abdominal pain, the doctor ordered a low scan.
In the middle of my chest, under my breast, it will jump, can I explain?
23 days afternoon, symptoms of pregnancy, but negative tests, what should I do?
Is it normal that bleeding after colonoscopy is not associated with the intestinal movement?
Is it possible to have pain in my upper back?
Is it possible to drink antidepressants for a lifetime and be healthy?
Is it possible to have symptoms of anxiety 24/7 for 2 years in a row?
Is memory loss associated with statins?
I coughed and got rid of some of the stool in my throat (I had a nose drop after), it was clear, but then there was something white, what was that?
Are there any treatments for latent squint and 4th nerve paralysis?
Is there usually pain in the left shoulder / arm / thigh associated with angina pectoris?
I have been experiencing ear pain now for a few months, sometimes.Is this sound like a brain tumor or sinus problem?
I have stitch like pain and bleeding/ uterus feel heavy. I have had mirena (levonorgestrel) for 8 weeks now.
I wondered how far I would be if the ultrasound said 6.5 cm / 1.3/27 Hz at the top of my picture.
I want to know what causes pain, mild fever, swelling, frequent coughing, headaches, fatigue and nausea.
The most effective. muscle relaxers for chronic pain.L4-l5?
My 16-year-old daughter left with abdominal pain, no fever and no burning when urinating, and just 2 days ago her period decreased?
My doctor may change my prescription (metoprolol) as it destroys my sex life.
My doctor said above my head.We are confused.What is the amiotic infection?
My mother had a pain in her left arm legally, and she had never suffered from her heart, the finger itself moved, what could or would be?
My patella is sensitive to touch, it hurts when the knee is twisted, and it jumps out. there is no noticeable swelling.
My stomach / lower stomach is painful 2 months after a C section. Is it feeling like spasms?
Missing a headache every day, but not having a pregnancy, what could go wrong?
Did my friend eat a little raw chicken by accident so that I could have worms or parasites?
A single sexual partner and cervical dysplasia recurred, what was wrong?
Pain in the right leg, sometimes on the side, sometimes in the knee; burning behind the knees, getting worse with a cold.
Please explain why my amygdala hurts.
A sharp pain on the right side, the bottom of the rib?
Pain in the joints of the knife began 24 hours ago, the right side. Pain when the mouth is opened and clanked. Do I have to go to the ER? worse as the day continued.
A sharp, localized pain at the top of the head, about 10 degrees from the center, in a mild inflammation of my parietal bone.
Should I take my inhaler before I go to a doctor's examination?
Should I use nicotine patch to quit smoking? or should I try e-cigarettes?
A small paralysis occurs in a woman over 3 years of age, appears for no apparent cause, and the doctors worried on Monday, but why are there so many without a reason?
If I have a polycystic ovarian period, can I get an irregular right?
Symmetrical legs and feet; dizzying, weak and tense. Painful to walk @rest, both feet throb until they both go "numb".
Ectopic but negative test symptoms.?Such as dizziness, lower abdominal pain to the right, shoulder pain.I think I feel this only after the
The scan of the testicles showed 4 cysts. But I have a constant painful pain. The tube above the testicle is visible, no infection was seen.
My lower right side of the face hurts when I open my mouth.
My muscles hurt right above my ass Most of the time, it bites with pain.Does it hurt to always wear a high heels and wear a flat?
Strange light sensation 24:7 for brothers While the doctor said there was no allergies in the blood work I did a neurological examination on the PC the doctor all well that they say that anxiety
What antibiotics are prescribed for an infected cyst?
What is Obsessive Compulsive Disorder (OCD) and Tourette?
What are the causes of women's back pain?
What are the symptoms of myocardial infarct?
What are the treatments for nervous tension?
What does the pain in the back of the right hand mean?The pain comes and goes and is quite severe.
What can you do for a really acute pain in the left ring?
What can cause hematuria with acute pain in the urk of nausea, dizziness and water retention
What can cause pain in the eyes after sleep?
What happens if my ovaries aren’t visualized, which means I can’t have a baby?
What is a good alternative to peanut butter?
What are the causes and solutions that appear to be a running gas pocket up and down my back, chest, rib cage, and sometimes there is a grip on the pain?
What is the cause of pain in the pubic bone?
What is the difference between Refractory Chronic Migraine and Transformed Migraines? Do you need a specialist in common nuero headaches in CM?
What are the procedures involved in open heart surgery?
What are the reasons why the fluid comes out immediately after sex?
How does a dentist differ from an oral surgeon?
What could cause a lot of pain in my palm under my thumb?
What muscles help reduce back pain?
How much Lortab 10mg is equivalent to 15mg oxycodone?
What questions should I ask when looking for a pain management doctor for my 85 year old father who has severe back pain?
How do you deal with the depression of seeing ghosts and feeling upset overall?
If my last period was the 28th of the last month and I have a 31 day cycle, when will I ovulate?
Where can I find good natural gout treatments?
What brand of natural progesterone cream is most appropriate for a girl with pcos?
Why do I have acute abdominal pain after 3 months of surgery? I can’t talk, walk, wake up, stand, and even wear too much underwear?
Why do I have pain in my left arm?
16, never had sex, STDs are unknown, uterine irritation, sometimes pain, no pain in urination, stimulation all day long.
1 day absence period, the vagina area is dry, why?
I got my'real' period, lasted about 6 days, today 9 & I was slightly visible (only 1x a day) over the past 2 days?
The ovulation 2 days before had sex 3 times, but a little cramp when the symptoms started, more intestinal movements, fatigue, gas - I can get pregnant
I take Duphaston on the 11th to 25th, when can I expect my period?
B12:145 ng/L Range 130-800ng/L results show that only in Range there is a small symptom, neurologists say not low but GP begins to load the dose of 6 injections?
The symptoms are very uncomfortable, is there anything different I can do?
I had a dry/light cough, a very soft nose and no noticeable fever for more than a week. OTC cold drug did not work and is currently in antibiotics to treat UTI (Bactrim I believe).
Can it be encouraged to make your period last longer?
Can cyclic vomiting syndrome cause miscarriage?
Can a cut penis change sexual performance?
Can I get high liver enzymes because of prostatitis or scar tissue in the urinary tract because of past STD trauma?
Can I have sex when I take a cycle (progesterone)?
Can overweight cause bilateral inflammation?And how to remove it?
Can the problem of orchitis affect my digestion or cause drooling?
Is it possible to cure pink eye with g.E. Sulfameth / tmp ds can g. E. Sulfamet / tpm ds cure the pink eye?
Can serocel (ketiapine) cause inflammation?
Can there be a link between the disease of celiac and polycystic ovarian syndrome (PCOS)?
Is it possible to get pregnant from pre cum?
Can you jump / dive into a pool when you are 9 weeks pregnant?
Can you recover from the fools of the planters and if it is the time of recovery?
Can you take L-lysine when you try pregnancy?
Can anyone get neuropathy in the arms and hands?
Description of the characteristics of a bone avulsion.
Does DMSO help with plantary fasciitis?
Does drinking soda and juice harm your baby during pregnancy?
Will the elimination of H. Pylori cause weight gain?
Does food poisoning cause permanent damage? I later heard in studies that it is the cause of kidney damage, diabetes, and high blood pressure
If I have protected sex on September 21, and I have my menstrual period on December 13, I am pregnant.
Can I get pregnant 2 days before ovulation and 1 day after ovulation?
I have not had my period since July because I am irregular, can I still get pregnant?
My 18-year-old special need daughter has just done bloodshed work. lymphatic cells 3.8. her leukocyte esterage is 500.
A rash on the right leg, does not go away, doctors do not help, what is it? and what to do now?
How Do I Prevent Glaukoma?
What can I do to prevent altostatic hypotension?
How do you stop swelling during your period?
How does a person become hyperthermic?
How do you break your arms in volleyball?
How do I tell the difference between a sinus infection and a allergy?
How can occupational therapists help people with eye injuries safely get on an ambulance?
How do we decide who will take the mother?
How long does the abdominal pain associated with Hyperemesis gravidarum last?
How long does it take to recover from the Uveitis of the eye?
How quickly can I get pregnant after Depo-Provera Provera (Medroxyprogesterone) shooting?
How to prevent the flu of a visitor who puts his hands in his mouth when he never learns to cough...Can hand gel help me?
How to tell if pregnancy has any side effects or early signs?
How to treat scarring scars?
I was almost a month pregnant and I began to sweat. it started pink. it looks like red, but is it normal?
I have problems and confusing moments with my body and I am afraid that through my research online I can get pregnant and I really need some advice?
I was in the deposit for about 2/3 years and released for 5 months.I wanted to get pregnant but I didn't have a menstrual cycle.
I came to my period twice in the last month this month my friend came to me and I bleed 4 days after sex?
If a person with a chronic hyperventilation syndrome is subject to pft and methacholine challenge tests, will the results be affected?
I got a birth control shot on Friday and had sex on Wednesday.If he had an erection, can I still get pregnant?
I had an abortion last night.I was 13 weeks old.How soon after the fall you can try again.Can you get pregnant?
I had a salpingectomy in two tubes four years ago, but I want to get pregnant again.
One hour after I pulled the blood, I lifted the weight and I noticed a small ball filled with blood, is this normal?
I had only 2 weeks ago unprotected sex, had mild attacks and pain in the chest with dark areola, which never happened.
I have a lot of small red spots between my eyelids. I thought they were pimples, so I used benzoyl peroxide and that didn’t work.
I’ve been out of alcohol for 1 year and 8 months and recently drank 0.06 packs a day, is it harmful to my liver and health?
I’ve developed these random red spots on my trunk, neck and back that get up and disappear from time to time.
I have had 11 sets of ear tubes since I was 6 years old. is there any other solution instead of getting more?
I had a few pregnancy symptoms, but the home tests I did were all negative, and I started thinking today was my menstrual period... I needed some help to figure out what might be wrong.
I have a contraceptive (levonorgestrel) and I have irregular periods, but I also have brown discharges, so what does that mean?
I have this rash for all the time coming and going on my chest, I’ve made an appointment, but it’s a kind of fading, you can still test it and diagnose me
I had three positive first-response pregnancy tests two weeks ago, but since then no, is the positive test really positive?
I am 28 years old having irregular periods. my BP was 144/101 is it normal?
I'm almost 35 weeks pregnant.And I had an ultrasound done at my high risk Dr. appt today.The baby's growth rate is at 22 percentiles, the weight is 4 pounds and 14 oz. If the % is less than 20%, the baby will be
I am an athlete, I play water polo, football, and I do a little long distance. prednisolone 50mg per day will have an impact on my lifestyle
I am in the process of losing 30lbs and trying to get pregnant. Can I stay on the weight monitor during pregnancy when I am pregnant?
I am worried that I am pregnant, but I think I have ovulated yesterday?
I need a person to help me, it’s been 2 weeks ago and now I’ve finished my cycle, but now I still get blood and I’m angry.
Do you need some advice on how to reduce abdominal fluid retention?
I often masturbate a day. I do it five times a day and then it led to the softness of the skin. What are its disadvantages and advantages?
I have an important cycle? I have not had a decent period almost all of my life....What can be wrong with me?... I am 23 years old...
Is it normal that a child is really dark after swimming in a pool?
Is it normal for eye infections to appear filled with red and swollen puffs, and now it looks like a swelling that looks like blood bubbles?
Is it normal to have spasms before and after the period?
Is it good to induce your menstruation while on sugar pills?
Could my roommate have an allergic reaction if she has a dog?
Is it possible to get blood when you are Prego?
Is it possible to ovulate one day after the interruption of the period?
Is it safe to take apple yogurt during pregnancy?
I started taking PPI (8 weeks) and antibiotics (one week) to treat h.pylori and gastritis.
Is the GM Diet a Good?
Is there a way to stop my period for a short time without a prescription?
The next day, as I moved my eyes, the headache began, the pain behind the eyes, 102 fever, a slight cough.
Is it still possible that I can get pregnant with a small egg skin?
I’ve had uterine spasms/something for a while. I know I’m not pregnant and this happens by chance.
I had a bubble in my grass for about a year and recently had a burning feeling, in the last two days it became red, the bubble bigger, more pain?
I had a bulk in my belly and it’s been moving for a week now can I be this?I was also conscious?or was there a neg test for pregnancy
I have had constant headache problems for five years, but now they are more like migraines, I went to see neurologists, eye experts, and nobody helped me.
Delayed menstruation after a bad carwreck?
My fiancé and I are experiencing a red-burning, itchy scaling rash on my ass & on the surface of the cheeks.
Her mother’s eyes were red, and she was rubbing her eyes.
My baby's neck burns red and swelling, what should I do?
My BF and I wear clothes and then I noticed ALot on his pants, my ass is there, can this make me pregnant?
My cousin is a 14-year-old boy. He is 4 inches long of the penis. My question is..... is it small for his age?
My doctor tells me I have macular edema.What does it mean?
The first day of my last period was on October 5, I had sex on October 17 and October 22.
My nipple has been very painful from May 14 to June 26, and recently, my lower right side has killed me, but I started birth control on May 11.
My periods were usually heavy, lasting five days, this month it was light and lasted only 3 days, and I had a 2 day intercourse after my last period.
My son did have a skin nerve surgery that caused his leg to fall, and the doctor said it would wake up after a while, but it has been unchanged for more than a year?
The period was two months late, and now it has continued for three months until now.In the beginning of all this, I was strongly stressed, but not now.
If I'm worried about extreme vaginal air/gas, I feel nervous I've experienced self-hymen surgery repair my July hymen 1 week ago
Should teenagers use the diet plans on television?
A delayed menstrual cycle after 1 month of pregnancy, is it a sign of pregnant?
Do I have nipples during pregnancy, is this normal?
Taking lexapro 10 mg lamotrigine 200 mg and seroqule 100 mg and trying to get pregnant prenatal should I stop anti-depressant know or after I fall into pregnancy
This is my second month in mononessa, but this is my 2nd day taking my inactivity medication, is my period still not normal?
He lifted a small scale on my face, but does this harm my skin?
Does something unusual pain in the breasts every month after ovulation for 2 weeks after twins abortion 9 months ago? ttc is all right? also have palpitational dizziness
Muscle muscles pulled out muscles? what specific stretches to prevent it?
How many weeks of pregnancy can you take an abortion tablet?
I used Lodine or Celebrex (celecoxib) and used it for 3 or 4 years. Sometimes there was a slight stomach burning.
Can we experience a health problem because of a dental problem such as gingivitis?
What are the common symptoms of acne?
What are the adverse effects of binge drinking a couple of times a month?
What is the price of a new medicine called roflumilast?
What can you get over the counter for nerves?
How does a rash of measles look?
What does the inflammation in the legs mean?
What does a positive ANA and IFA test mean?
What kind of irritation does soap cause in the private area?
What is a subchondroplasty procedure and what comes out?
What is the best and fastest way to reduce breakthrough bleeding? can I go to my honeymoon in two days?
What if I cut my teeth on a part of the hard grain and it was right next to wearing my growing wisdom teeth?
What should I do if I do not know if I have PMS or pregnancy?
What kind of exercise is recommended for rehabilitation from Chondromalacia patella?
What kinds of medications are effective in reducing or eliminating PVC?
If I have a soft stool, I need to wipe out the perineum, as there are feces, not on the vagina, but on the skin below.
When do I need an influenza shot to prepare for the move to assisted living?
Why is a seven-month premature baby safer than an eight month-old?
Will bodybuilding slow my growth in height at sixteen and a half, in just 5'7ft?
Will doctors help a young couple get pregnant?
I woke up with the feeling of shaking both hands.
Are I responsible for receiving my medical card if I have ADHD, neurofibromatosis, asthma and arthritis?
The wrist and wrist touched the pot and got slightly burned. No pulp. Apply polysporin (bacitracin and polymyxin) more than 3-4 times a day. Should I worry about overdose?
Yesterday was like a 24-hour bubble with vomiting and evil swelling, today a spray looks very hot and looks like a scratch, but it’s not, what’s it?
20yrs Woman. fever at night, disappears in the morning.The saliva drys quickly during the day.The tonsil swelling, swelling is reduced.
According to my 28 day ovulation cycle, I should have my period on May 7, my last period was April 9, and today is May 10.
After 6 months, if I have more breasts left in one breast, should I attribute it to swollen or poor glandular tissue?
Is apple cider useful in weight loss and how to use it for this purpose?
Are there small red spots on the whole body?
Is there any home remedies for the athlete’s foot?
Are these burns normal in the early stages of pregnancy?I just learned that I was pregnant (how long I don’t know yet) and I’ve experienced pain.
Arthritis of the knee: What is the best way to get rid of it?
As a gymnast, my arms hurt after exercise. about 3 weeks from work & I still have a pain at one point. Do I need to use my arm or other ideas?
Can chronic gastritis lead to other conditions like gastroparesis, obstruction, stomach cancer, etc.?
Can your doctor tell me what heart rate you need to when you exercise?
Can the handling of frozen food cause freezing?
Can I obtain a systematic effect from the long-term use of Cortison (Hydrocoction) 10 OTC?
Can I take the motrin for acute pain in the palm of my hand?
Can masturbation while taking Diflucan (fluconazole) eliminate it from the body?
Can oral sex prevent cervical cerclage surgery?
Can cessation of smoking cause long-term digestive problems?
I can’t get rid of my athletic legs. has it bothered me for a while now?
Do Vitamin-Based Skin Care Products Help Your SPF Work Better?
Can white noise interfere with my deep sleep?
Can white water discharge cause abortion?
When the heart beats, clicking sounds will come and go, the upper left chest pain is sharp, and the pain will pass through the rib to the left upper back.
My husband was sexually harassed as a child, once by an older man and then by the teenagers.At that time, I was also being physically abused at home, so I didn't have anyone to go to help.
Doctors, do you think I can develop cheloid scars on my healed old tattoo?
Does a meniscal displacement cause pain along the joint line?
Does anyone know how to easily get rid of acid indigestion?
Does the operation of small aircraft lead to permanent hearing loss all the time?
What is the smell of gonorrhea?
Will a small child eventually develop an anal skin tag?
The skin is dry and pale on the outside skin of the lips all the time. why does this happen?
Every time I eat pork, I wonder why?I’m allergic to it because my older daughter also struggles.
Extreme pain in one leg like a cramp.
Is it a tunnel?
Abdominal pain in the lower right quadrant, should I be concerned?
Based on my understanding of the anesthetic genes, you got a shot, they put a mask on you, and then you wake up, but was there any strange activity like laughter when you woke up?
I was preserved on the third day of my menstruation, my husband had unprotected sex on the 1st week and 1st day after the preservation, am I protected?
Last Tuesday I had a larpcoli for the gallbladder, which was relatively good, but recently it recurred with severe nausea and vomiting, along with high blood pressure.
On the last day of object sex, I ovulated on the 30th, he sucked 2X into me, my pen was 13, but I spit it out on the 14th, why didn’t I get pregnant?
If I have a headache this month, how can I relieve the pain?
Hi, I am 21 years old and I have white buds all over my body I want to know if it is keratosis pilaris?
Hello, this will be my fourth Cesarana.I'm 3wks and 6 days.This morning, I urinated and there was a small amount of blood in the tissue.
How can I get rid of the red and black spots on the back and the skin?
How Can I Get Rid of This Horrible Tooth Pain?
How do doctors prevent premature birth?
How can I deal with the uncertainty about Huntington’s disease with me and my children?
How early can an abortion be done?
How good is an ultrasound in the detection of IVH in my child?
How to cure labral tears on the shoulder with subluxation?
How long do I need to have sex to get pregnant?
How to deal with back pain?
I eat a lot now I just got love handles.
If a doctor orders a CT scan for ABD/pelvic w/contrast a without, I can see it is done with contrast, but what does it mean without it?
I fell on my back at work and I am having extreme pain in my left shoulder blade.
If I had no sign that I was pregnant for the first time, would I have any sign this time?
If one of my testicles has atrophied a decent amount due to an infection, it is possible that the Leydig cells still remain in it and only the sertoli have died
The filling is falling into pieces and my appointment for the permanent fill is in a week is okay?
I have thyroiditis, will it stay for a while?
I had a sinus infection three weeks ago and I was prescribed to z-pac. I was better for a few days, but I am pregnant again.
I had sex with my boyfriend 2 weeks ago and we used protection. It was 7 months ago before I last had sex. I was late for 6 days. Should I be worried?
I have a black spot that looks like a mole inside my outer vaginal lips.I noticed it a while ago, but now suddenly it is raised?
I have broken my nails for about two years now and I want to get surgery, but it’s bad to wait five minutes for surgery after five months.
I have a scab right inside my left nostrils that hasn’t healed for more than a month.
I have a small dark bulk on the outside of my chest, a dead center, 1 inch above the nipple level, no pain.
I’ve had my period for seven months and I’m not pregnant, I occasionally have slight discomfort in the abdomen, but nothing important, what’s wrong??
I have osteoporosis, Nafrogen 1/2 (500mg) two times a day with 4 joint pain, pain is getting stronger appt. on 2/12/16 with rheumatologist ¿What to do?
I really had a bad Dandulf and the ketaconazole shampoo didn’t work.
I am pregnant about 17 weeks and I already have cramps; is it a scary thing?
In a 18-year-old woman and recently I think I show signs of bipolar disorder, what should I do?
I'm young and I have acne yet I've tried medications and medications from a doctor but nothing works I really don't want to damage my face no idea what to try?
I experience stomach pain, vomit immediately after eating food, frequently go to the toilet for long calls, or is it somehow ameba infection?
I feel a tension on the lower left side of my stomach and when I lie down on my side, does it take my breath away?
I have an unfulfilled rest of 3 days, how can I stay in a state?
I never had pain before / during my period. the other day I began to have pain in the abdominal tract. at night it is so tired that I hardly can move.
Over the last year I experienced sharp pain in my left chest.I was tested and even received a mammogram and everything was fine.
I reached a box and something fell on my left side above the cage. It's painful if I shoot on something, etc. What's it?
Can I take Valium while taking Sinemet (carbidopa and levodopa) 100/25 and fast?My sister has rabies, is in the hospital and has never heard of rabies.
Can my hubby know if I am a virgin or not?
Is it safe to use silicone gel sheets for acne scars on the face?
Are Odomos Safe During Pregnancy?
Is sex good for relationships?
Is it considered relatively safe to take 5mg of prednisone daily for a year?
Is there a cure for restless feet?
We talk with our eyes open in sleep, but we have no memory of the conversation.
I have pain in the wrist in the scrotum, what could this cause?
I have physical pain, clogged nose, headache, stress in my face and throat, feel dry for 6 months, is it a bad cold?
I noticed that after eating, my heart rate dropped from the 1960s to the 1980s, is it normal?
I often have boring pain in the lower left abdomen, although it can be tolerated, but should I still be worried because it happens frequently, go to the doctor?
I was caught by a boy for the first time, he touched his penis, it was wet, and then he caught my vagina.
My 24-year-old daughter thinks she might develop schizophrenia.A few months ago she began to feel tired all the time and stopped socializing?
My 2 year old has red buds with white spots in the middle on his stomach, chest and thighs.They don’t bother him, but they’ve been there for 1 week.
My Sunday night blood report, that is, June 14 (23th day) of a 34-day cycle shows that I have ovulated and its 35 units.
My daughter was diagnosed with a murmur@her4month appt. We went to hospital2do xrays&an ekg. L8r told 2go2dallas cardiologist what could b wrng!
The whole left side of my body has severe pain that passes through my whole body. There is severe pains in my neck, and around my heart.
My heart rate is 58-60bpm when I am in bed, when I change position, it increases and goes back to 60, is this a normal reaction?
My mom also had a spot of cancer removed from her chest a few years ago.
My mother has a burning sensation in her left hand, she is a diabetic and has an asthma problem, please help me, what does this mean?
My scalp is very itchy and I have lost a lot of hair every day.My skin is oily type.Gp prescribed me diprosalic for the application of scalp.
My wife still has pain in her lower left side. she went to the doctor and he could find no problem.
Nev er missed a while of life until I started dating men outside of my race.I had February March April without menstruation getting the light and only 2 days may have no period,
Orthostatic hypotension. I put table salt in a pint of water a couple of times a day and drink it.
Pain in the right middle of the stomach.
Please help us to doc asap...I have problematic allergies and my eyes feel like your rock on them for 2 days are very painful what can I do?
The whole-body rash begins to itch in the head but is tolerable, then spreads rapidly throughout the body, first looking like acne, but then becomes very red.
Psoriasis - What is the treatment?
Self cleaning of hair – is it hard to do?
Inconsistent pain on the right side near the ovaries and in the lower back.The pain comes from everywhere, starting for 4 hours today.
Should I see a doctor about possible anxiety/depression problems? I have recently not felt like myself. I have taken a few online depression/anxiety records, they all came back, I have moderate/serious depression qualities, but I
Should I take Cymbalta (duloxetine) 30mg in the morning or in the afternoon?I use it for diabetic neurosis.
So the Bf is disappointed by my stretchmarks.What can I do to get rid of them?
Sudden chest pain shortness of breath, rest time at 100 is this pulmonary embolism I am 30/m.
Sun protection lotions for African Americans with very sensitive skin?
The second person who was closest to me had a cold pain and gave it to the person next to me who hit it and gave me (glasspipe), am I in danger?
There is a psychiatric night time pill of psychiatry, starting with "c", will it lead to insomnia?
An unexplained dizziness and acute pain in the left side of my body.
A very large swelling in my old scarring 29 years ago, my additives were removed.Today I was changing my shirt.And I saw a very large spleen around the scar in a circle of 6 to 8".
What is a really good way to boost adrenaline?
What are the consequences of ANLL?
What Are the Side Effects of Stelazine (Trifluoperazine)
What can we do for intestinal blocks?
What can I do to get a better sleep?
What causes the problem in the lower back (right) from the bottom of the foot to the near side?
What Causes Sensitive Teeth Two Months After Root Canals?
What does sporadic headache mean?
How does turning around affect the brain?
What are Ayurvedic, or homeopathic medications for chronic rhinitis?
What is gastrointestinal flu? is it infectious?
What is the best skin bleach/lighting cream?
What is the pigment epithelium of the retina?
What types of epilepsy there are?
What is the method to get rid of this cough and sneezing?
What should I do if my husband bleeds?I was hungry last week and bleed for the first time tonight.
What do I do if I am 58 years old.befoe 25 days I got a positive vidal but after 25 days the vidal test is negative?
What methods / exercises are the most effective to get rid of thigh fat?
Will the brain fog disappear after the nasal inflammation disappears?
When should you use sun cream: before or after skin care?
When I use the bathroom, my poop is sometimes the size of meat balls or larger.
Why am I so forgotten every time we forget what I am going to do?
Why is my back injured when I breathe or swallow? it is the type in the middle of my top back, but just on the right side.
Why am I having chronic ankle ligament pain without a reason?
Who will tell me how it comes that I have small pimples like bumpes on my nippel and the surrounding part?
Can a value of BNP below 10 pg/ml eliminate CHF or any serious heart problem?
Are all lymphatic nodes removal surgeries cancerous in nature?
Can Ciproflaxin and Amoxicillin be combined?
Can I take Cymbalta (Duloxetin) with gabapentin?
Can stem cell studies help sick arteries?
Can Sun Urticaria Cause Anaphylax?
Can I take Prilosec with fluoxetine?
Can you explain whether it is possible to have and not have many of the symptoms of type 2 diabetes?
Can you take Tylenol (acetaminophen) and Advil together?
Can you tell me how to take prohormones in the right way?
Could you tell me if I could get the stomach flu two times?
I don’t know why I went to the doctor and they said, what can make the inflammation go away if the chest was inflamed?
Breast pain has been coughing in the past few weeks. now there is bloodshed eyes who is exciting checking lil swelling and also anguish headaches is what is the fatigue?
Clomiphene Citrate 100mg From Day 3 to Day 5 There is any possibility of twins and pregnancy?
What does Cortisone mean to shoot as a diagnostic tool in the knee? if shoot works, does it mean inflammation? if not internal damage.
Can you tell us what happens when you stop smoking?
Does a thyroid level in the TSH range 4.1 to 5.2 indicate hypothyroidism?
Is the endocervical component means endometriosis?
Is there zyrtec (cetirizine) that helps to hardening the lips?
For a week, I had pain under my left chest, and it was worst when I fell to the side in bed, or when I got up and went to bed.
I feel burning in my throat from the last 4 days.I'm gurgling but there's no improvement. pls help?
Did someone else have any side effects taking alendronate/fosamax for osteoporosis?
Hey! If I stay in the shower for a long time, my nose starts to fall and run like a crazy.
Hello Doctor I tested hsv2 IgG 2.16 Elisa after 70 days of my protected meeting. I’m talking about two doctors.
Does myopia include astigmatism as well?
Hi, I have a 7-year-old daughter and I’ve noticed that she’s breathing deeply every minute.
Hi, I have epilepsy, have 30 seizures a day, and I take 2000mg of epileptic per day, can I take a higher dose?
Hi, I just passed the stomach flu and I'm having pain in the breast, throat and leg. I wondered what it could be
How are metabolic rate and free radical production related to human life expectancy?
How Do Warfarin Alternatives Work?
How is drug addiction diagnosed?
How long does it take for a broken ligament in the knee to heal?
How long does it usually take for a man to ejaculate and when is it considered early?
How long does it take for my vitamin D levels to return to normal (about 70 to 80)?I am 29 years old and I take 2000 IU daily and try to get sunlight in FL
How long does it take to heal from a reversal of the tubulization?
How long does it take to get a clogged joint on your foot to the foot floor?
How long should I wait on a fluvoxamine if I don’t see any improvement?
How long should you leave if you have a mental collapse due to your work?
How long does it take to walk to lose weight and how long will it take before you see weight loss?
How Much Should I Take 500mg Biotin?
How much will the girl get better after her period begins?
Does the husband take the prograf and may he have cancer; will the cancers spread quickly on the prograph?
I am 15 weeks pregnant and have trouble sleeping, what can I do to help me sleep?
I'm a girl, my sperm is slightly thick.stringy too.I don't have smyptoms, but is this normal?
I am currently taking levothyroxine. 125mg for hypothyroidism and trying to get back into bodybuilding.
My stomach hurts, what should I do?
I have a difficult time to find information.On the success of a lumbar fusion of 3 levels with an internal stimulator.The previous fusion does not grow.Please help?!?
I had an operation on my inner right neck for a mass of 1.4cm between the bones and nerves that could be connected to the nerves.
I can feel small lymph node in my neck, the doctor said its 9m is this normal.Iam itlle worry.
I feel like anxiety and depression are ruining my life, do you need advice?
If I feel suicidal, what can I do?
If the put on the stool is from time to time, is there any problem?
If you regularly take contraceptives, miss your only night of sex in 1 year (after no sex), and then continue taking it, how is it possible to get pregnant with twins?
I was bitten by an insect to my beef muscles. It has been stabbed for a month. It didn't itch, but it was swollen and painful when I bend my knee?
I have abdominal pain that wakes me up every day, constant rhinitis, unable to finish a full meal, and itching when I stand.
I had a paragraph 14 months, 12 days late, should I wait to see if my next cycle is mss?
I have a softness / swelling in front of my right ear, and the most noticeable when my mouth opens, it feels like it may be on the top of my cheek.
I just need to know if low-level antidepressant Vyvanse (lisdexamfetamine) helps you not to get depressed when you leave Vyvans (lisdexamfetamin) on the weekend?
I am pregnant for 16 weeks and the skin on the left side of my stomach and back is sensitive and extremely painful when touched.
I am in high school.I have to bet at 8:00 to get 9 hours of sleep.I find myself beting until 11:00.
I am not sure, but is Huntington’s disease a congenital disease?
I’m interested in yoga, but I don’t know what to do to help me relax.
I often feel these strange tremors in my stomach.
I stabbed myself in a knock-out rose bush last Friday.The swelling has gone down a few times, but it is still hurting / scratching in two places.
Are we going from 40 mg of Nexium to 20 mg of nexium and then 10 mg of granules is a good way to relax?
Is it OK for 18-year-olds to take thermogenic drugs?
Is it normal for my mother to breastfeed while I take prednisone?
Is it possible to stop the ssri that you take a day and have been completely recovered from OCD so no meds is needed anymore?
Is it possible to reverse the skin atrophy caused by overuse of topical steroids?
Is it safe to combine fish oil and lisinopril?
Is it safe to take Tylenol (Acetaminophen) Cold Multi-Symptom Night and 10 mg Melatonin?
Is levoquine (levofloxacin) used for diverticuli?
I smoke and drink, is my sperm healthy? can it last in the uterus for 7 days?
Are there any foods that affect the volume of semen ejaculation?
Are there any shots I can take every year to reduce my reaction to poison ivy?I asked my doctor’s nurse and she said she’d never heard of that.
I stretched my finger while I was working.If I left him alone, would it go back to normal?
Are fruit proteins bad for men with endogenic hair loss?
Is it safe to take Zyrtec (cetirizin) 20mg a day?I take it in the morning, but after 12 hours I am suffering.I don’t get to sleep if I do not take another one at night.
I took 20mg of Prozac (fluoxetine) for 4 days, I’ve given up for 3 days, how long does it take to get rid of my system?
Have I had my almonds and my lymph nodes seemed to swell a lot can I get a lot of drainage from allergies?
I don't have a swollen throat with white spots for 5 days, a pain in the face, and now it's diarrhea Do you think this is a strap throat?
I used a nasal spray and took Claritin and mucinex (guaifenesin).
I took 30mg of tamazepam for sleep and it hardly worked, and they have now switched to ambien that doesn’t work at all for me.
I just had surgery on herniated disk l4/l5 and still have the same symptoms as before on my left leg. op E. Numbness and scratching, this is normal
The left side of the face was diagnosed with a slight numbness with bellpssy but the stroke was not checked, she is scared and wants to know what to do
Abdominal cramps before the passage of stools.Why does this happen?
In low lymphocytes in CBC over the past few years, everything else was fine, two chest sections separated by 14 MOS, both of which showed the same slightly enlarged L nodes, with some twins, below 2 cm, diagnosed?
Can a child have cancer if the parents have one?
My 2-year-old son was given Cefdinir for the very red throat, but the stress test negative, 2 brothers had stress.
My 4-year-old son swallowed a 10mg mouse killer palette and I struck his finger in his throat and vomited, he vomited and what should I do next?
My5yr had a dental surgery under general anesthesia. he remembered everything before and the doctor said he would forget everything.
My 92 y.O friend suffers from knee and ankle arthritis. would she treat the pain witharnica gel on xeralto 15mg to interfere with this blood thinning?
My asthma has burned on 2mg of abuterol and singulair (montelukast) and has chest insects I can take OTC for transportation?
My father has high blood pressure, cholesterol and diabetes and he takes a lot of medication and I really fear about him what to do
My father has Stage 4 nsclc, what tests should he normally take to check progress/regression?
My D experiences blood at the end of the stool & on the tissue. 3rd day in a row, but only in the morning!
My husband and I had unprotected sex and he comes in. in me he told me I should jump to prevent the sperm from entering the egg, is that true?
My rheumatologist said, “If a patient has lupus, prednisone doesn’t work.”
My son was in ER last night for his reaction to Adderall after he gave him Xanax (Alplasolam) around 1130 last night.
My vitamin D level is 20...and taking a vitamin D supplement will give me a terrible muscle breakdown even a small dose of 400..
Note small pink black spots on the penis and one on the head of the penis - (this has already existed before sex).
One-year-old daughter is crying for breastfeeding at night, eating light solid, not drinking bottle of milk, always embrace me around her, and otherwise she is screaming.
In the second shot, can it hurt your chest?It will also make your nails dark?
Beyond the blue, my heart will only receive that pain. it really hurt.
When should I rest after 5 days of pregnancy?
Please help! what is the surgical procedure called which removes the growth of the garlic I know the first
Should I throw off my hats to prevent re-infection with tinea capitis?
When I am in it for 8 years, I stop taking the contraceptive.How long will it take until my cycle is completely natural again?
Symptoms of arthritis in the back?
Symptoms of chicken inflammation appear in the body, treatment?
I think I’ve examined myself too hard and slightly inflamed my breast tissue, can it cause enlarged lymph nodes in this area?
General health.........,, I am having the stiffness of the back,,,, weight loss,,,, thick lips.............
Sperm normal, HSG standard, SH-2.85, estrodiol-20.8fsh-9.68, lh-5.63prolactin-24.1amh-0.62afc-3. result normal?
Ultrasound shows an enlargement line with at least three nodes, the largest is 3.6 cm * 3.2 cm. The nodes are stiff with increased vascularity.
U.S. = Diffuse thickening + gastrocnemus edema. MD said it's okay, ice. is this true? The leg has been hurt a lot for months. Now clean after >10min walking
What are some diseases of the lymphatic systems?
What are certain sources of vitamin D?
What is Hydrotherapy?
What are the symptoms of spondylolisthesis?
What are the Symptoms of Diphtheria?
What does it mean when you need a deep breath?
What can you advise if I had an excessive inflammation in my stomach?
What do you recommend if I cut off my clothes about 2 weeks ago and my feet fall?
What are simple home remedies for premature ejaculation?
What is Neuromytonia (Isaac syndrome)?
What is the direction of a few legitimate plastic surgeons who deal with cracks?
What is the maximum amount of Valium that anyone can take without overdose?
What can cause the joints in my armpit to swim?
What is the main symptom of severe HIV?
When a condom tears, what to do when having sex?
What supplements or vitamins can I take to increase blood circulation to my knees?
What are the symptoms if I have streptococcus?
What tests should I do if I often have circulatory problems in my back when I am standing for a long time?
What should I do if I am allergic to sunscreen, but I exercise in the sun all day?
What Happens When A Normal 19-Year-Old Man Takes Viagra (Sildenafil)?
If I go to the doctor and tell him I am urinating a lot, can I determine if I have diabetes or not?
Why does a spider bite take so long to heal?
Why do I have abdominal obesity with oily thighs and muscle atrophy of the upper lumbar?
Does the infection in the stomach cause flu symptoms?
According to my boyfriend, the last time I had an absence event, my tears rolled on my cheeks, but I didn’t shake or anything, was that normal?
After a lot of antibiotic courses, I still have Helicobacrer bacteria, what can you give me advice?
Are monochorion-diamniotic twins generally healthy at birth?
Are there any medications or treatment options to help with rashes and discomfort during the onset of IBS?
Are there any side effects of not doing the repair of the communication hydrocell?
A week ago, I used Monistate (Tioconazole) to treat yeast infections.Now I have a smell and I wonder if I should use a safeguard soap to help the smell.
Blood pressure is good to sit at 120/75, but just walking around the room goes to 140/90.I’m not overweight or bad.
Can a kidney or stomach cancer tumor be shown by ultrasound? and what does it mean when it shows the swollen kidney air around the kidneys and the possible blockage of a 7-year-old girl?
Can I get a disease like HIV from mutual maturing with my partner? Cum touched the clitoris but did not enter the vagina and also touched a cut in my hand
Can I take terbinafine orally for onychomycosis? I had taken 45 terbinaffine oralmente.Now the skin of the nails of the feet are red and painful.
Can the topical metronidazole cream be used vaginally?
Could my child with hemophilia take part in activities?
Can Rogaine (Minoxidil) cause weight gain, physical pain, and kidney pain?
Does the scarring tissue in the uterus or bladder appear on ultrasound?
Does the injection of Mupirocin USP 2% lead to an attack when applied if it stops?
Can under-active detrusor ever go back to normal?
Could you explain how to pass the cannabis drug test?
The cycle was delayed for 2 weeks with negative pregnancy tests. The period was 14 days of mild to moderate bleeding.
Do I have to prove that in order to get treatment, Ive has heard that Gh has been approved for the purpose of raising height since 2003?
Every morning I wake up completely normal, and after about an hour, I am too tired.I can hardly stay awake.I also have some sort of itching.
It feels like something is stuck in the neck, shoulders, chest, it is slightly heavy, there is pain in the upper back.No more cough.
After having sex, the next day I took the plan B tablets and the tablets for 3 days after a few days of slight bleeding came, I was still pregnant.
They had sex with a preservative and withdrew 1 week after the beginning of the last period. no at bc. Now have a period of lower abdominal pressure due to a week.
My doctor gave me Azithromycin 500, they are too big to swallow, can I crush them with food?
How can I deal with a friend who calls me 'junkie' for all the medications for my disorder?
How can I know if I have a blood blister or varicose vein?
How to Repair the Upper Teeth?
What are the chances of giving meningitis to someone if they have received the vaccine?
How long will implant bleeding begin after pregnancy? last period 11/13-18 Unprotected sex November 25
How safe it is to use azte (zidovudine) for HIV-positive mothers
How to cure a urinary infection?
How to Calculate How Many Calories a Day to Lose Weight?
How to get a pleasant vaginal smell?
I'm 17 years old, and I had trouble keeping an erection before sex or even keeping it. I've tried it several times and don't know what to do. It's really scary, but my girlfriend said I should visit a doctor about it.
I am 19 years old and how can I do a good physical exercise?
I suffer from a drop of urine and abnormal urinary flow. recently catheterized during surgery, could this have caused my
I discovered that I had that weakness in my hand every time I tried to cut my fingers, a slight pain was running over the hand.
That is, I have had white mucus in my eyes for two years and I am not sick.
If both fractional metanephrine tests were abnormal, what is the lawfulness of abdominal and pelvic CT being abnormal?
If I go to Him with a toothbrush, will it be removed?
If I took 2 Claritin (loratadine) + d 24 h pills yesterday at 2 p.m. and took 1 Claritin
If I take my morning pill within 11 hours of having unprotected sex, what is the possibility that I will be upset?
I had a root canal three months ago, but my teeth are still sensitive to heat.
I have been operated on my right scaphoid and it was okay until now. it was so badly wounded and I collapsed and what to do because Advil (ibuprofen) doesn't work and what I'm doing because my office is closed
I had unprotected sex 7 days before my period 3 days after I had light blood lasting for 2 days instead of the usual 7 days?
I have scratches or skin damage in my abdominal area, and I have a little bit on my arms. the scratch is red, sharp. I wanted to know what your scratchs are.
I’ve been taking Cronopine (Cronazepam) for about 4 years for my guard of 2mg per day.How long will the withdrawal last? or when it’s out of my system?
I have been tested for every STD and everything is back to normal, and the only question is how do I lower my pH at 8 to 4?
I have a bleeding and painful organ. I did a sitz bathroom. I use a Prep H Wipes & Cream. Nothing helps me.
I just learned today that I have chlamydia, but I am breast-feeding.
I am 4 days late in my menstruation I am very stressed 2 nights I took my birth control about 10 hours late and he pulled it out.
I’m 5 weeks pregnant and I have brown spots this morning, my gyn says it’s normal, it is due to implantation, should I be worried?
I was in my period, I had unprotected sex, and he came into me. 2 days later, my menstrual bleeding stopped.
I am on opioids and I want to leave. I am very psychologically disappointed with my husband who leaves me and I am depressed.
I’m taking Clomid (clomiphene) since the 3/4 months and my cycle 29 days, I’ve been testing my ovulation every time and it gets positive in the 14/15 days and for 4 days, right?
I take prednisone for erythema multiforme and combine it with Nabumetone. I have formed a sunlight like a rash in my chest and arms.
I am trained for a marathon and I have pain in my plantaris muscle, how can I help?
I recently stopped birth control, my last period was October 16, my cycle lasted about 32 days and I began to notice light blood from November 2 to 15
Can brain injury/brain damage be considered the same as mental illness?
Some say the combination of bananas and milk will make you gain weight, and some say the bananas themselves will cause fat.
Should I clean it after cleaning?
Can a seven-panel urine drug screen distinguish between Vyvanse (lisdexamfetamine) and concerta?
Is there a way to talk to someone about the subscription I just bought for their service?
On February 11, 2015, I took Plan B after having unprotected sex two days ago.Tonight I had protected sex but my condom broke.I wonder if Plan B works after five days.
After I took the pill in the morning, the last time I sat down and that night started nuvaring. I removed nuvaring 2 days ago and did not start.
I was diagnosed with GERD acid reflux anxiety and pharyngitis I had constipation for a week I was today and there was a white point?
I have been taking Benadryl (diphenhydramine) 25mg 2 to 3 times a day for unconscious movements for about 6 months.
I have had this witch on my foot for at least two months, and it has not yet healed.
I noticed that after a few weeks of exercise, when I ate something, it was confused with my stomach and I ended up with diarrhea before I went to bed.
I used the bathroom and I cleaned the toilet after I finished I had a tape on both hands I lifted the seat for cleaning
I would like to help with my baby.How to cure an needle infection?
Kleptomania can be transmitted through genes.
Last week, the doctor put me on omeprazole for gastritis (there are no previous stomach problems.) since then, I have had some medium consistency green poops.
My baby has red pimples like holes on his arms and legs, they almost look like stains.
My boyfriend has experienced short breathing the last week, he went to the doctor and they checked all of his signs of life and his oxygen levels and everything came back, do you have any ideas about what the problem might be?
My ccp ab IgG came back from 221 and from January 15 to now is 50.I used Prednisolone until I saw RA on May 6.
My child still has symptoms of type 1 diabetes, what can I do?
My father is 81 years old and has been suffering from Parkinson's disease over the last three years.He can't even move his hands and legs.
My first sonogram was that I was 7 weeks pregnant 3/22.The next pregnancy (5 weeks later) measured bby in 13 weeks.
My gf had her menstruation 2 days after.We had sex she had planned for 2 weeks for she had not had her cycle since she just had her period?
My wife took Plan B and after 6 days she started for 2 days and could she get pregnant or her cause was Depo-Provera in 1 year
The swelling on the right side of my cheek has no other symptoms anywhere else.
On 30mg Synthoid. was on Armour. I liked Armour, but the PCP has changed. Every chat on the Internet sings the praises of Armour and explodes Synthoi. Why? Armour
Clomid (clomiphene) I just took the last pill, and when I pressed my right nipple pretty strongly, a very small amount of clear adhesive liquid came out
Can you describe a good source of calcium for children with milk allergies?
Can the dentist remove the teeth when the infection occurs?
You may have had sex and bleeding during pregnancy.Is that normal, or is something wrong?
If I quit smoking half a bag at age 20, will my lungs always be healthy, and what long-term damage should I worry about?
Since the pain of Csection in the neck during PMs, the bad cramps Ultrasound laboratory pap were good the doctor did not affect hormonal changes?
The pregnancy test was positive, but very weak I had a miscarriage 3 weeks ago, what does this mean thank you?
Two negative STD tests and the urine doctor said they don’t know what it is, but it’s still easy to buri when I pee.
What are some tips for making the use of eyedrops easier?
Why do some people use digital pregnancy tests, while some use non-digital?
What is the correct test to identify and rule out systemic acne?
What Are the Symptoms of Meniscal Root Tears in the Knee?
What are VASOPRESSORES?
What can we do with a pain in the throat?
What can cause a clear yellow vaginal discharge? so bad to the vagina? all clear STD tests have never had this before.
What can cause blackouts/convulsions?
What can cause a feeling like a ssri shock if you remove the ssri for 45 days?
What causes sharp pain in the upper left, radiating to the back with vomiting/burning/weakness?
So what can I do to treat my lungs without a product until tomorrow?
What causes you to vomit in your throat?
What does it mean to have THYROID PEROXIDASE ANTIBODIES, <1 THYROGLOBULIN ANTIBODE, TSH 4.44 and T3, (LYOTHYRONINE) TOTAL 72?
What does it mean when the muscles jump like in your arm?
What would you think if your grandmother had two strokes?
What is the best material for teeth whitening?
What is Humour Therapy?
What is the company testing the genes for the smellful urine of Asparagus?
What is the anti-dose of taking too much cetrizyne hydrochloride? My friend has attempted suicide.
What are the definitions or descriptions of: ductal?
What are the prevalence of green eyes and are they rare?
What are the treatments for maxillary sinus carcinoma?
What is uterine perforation and how to treat it?
What kind of treatment is performed after a broken knee cap?
What are the long-term health problems you may have if you take pain medications regularly
What is a drug over-the-counter for the desire of chron?
What to do to lose weight in a very short time?
What is the best medication for the treatment of yeast infection that a doctor can prescribe?
What is the best treatment for burn?
What is the best way to treat third-degree bed pain?
What should I do if I'm a 17-year-old man 2 days ago I noticed a weak erection, but now I can't maintain it?
What do I need to do if I have 3000mg Tegretol; 200mg pills.
Every time I sit constantly for a long time, I get dizziness in the legs of the arms and stretching in the head or face. plz please
Is it the same as the uterus becomes like the iris when it leaks into the womb? what is it called? what causes? what problems arise?
Where do I go with a suspected wound infection (not a surgeon, but I don’t have surgery?
What is better a partial hysterectomy or ablation of the uterus?
Why does my vagina burn so much when I have sex with my husband?
I was worried about lung cancer. I had pain and so on for more than a year. 8 months ago I had a CT of the chest and it was okay. 3 mris of the throat was better. some cervical stenosis.
2 years ago I had Lyme ab screen slightly raised, but the western blot was all unreactive.
6mm floor glass disease defines what percentage of upper left lungs, is it not cancer I am getting another CT scan in October?
4 5 days I felt pressure and pain in the front corner of the head. I felt trouble. I thought it was just a cold. Ibuprofen is common. I have vaginitis?
At 8 months, the baby looks to the side or up, and after a few seconds, shakes his head and turns around.
Two weeks of pain in the leg is now in the knee / wrist Dix 465.2umol/L Why does Voltaren (Diclofenac) help, but why does it not go away?
4 days late. 2 bfn (urine test). Is it too early to get a bfp?
Have I been pregnant for two months?
Menstruation delayed to 5 days Take Plan B Emergency Contraception Expecting 5 days before menstruation by 3 pregnancy tests All negative Am I pregnant?
36 M Clean Heart Echo Stress and Reflux. No risk factors. Pain localized in the lower back and 9 m upper left chest. Heart?
36 weeks and the doctor said she felt the baby's head was close to work from the fetus?
21 yr Sexually active women have increased appetite to keep hunger and more intestinal exercise What can be wrong?
34-year-old man. has thin hair. has felt stress in the past year of life changes. does stress affect men? advice to slowly and thin
24yo f I sweat on my face and body and feel so hot as it lasts for a few hours while doing a simple job.
15 million sperm can become fathers
26 yo m with a history of progressive vein deficiency failed a year of conservative care. + family hx. Is it a good idea to delay surgery?
32 weeks of pregnancy.Headache strange leg weakness.Do I need to call a doctor?
