Interesting .	Funny	0
I have a subway nearby and eat there occasionally .	There is a metro nearby and sometimes we eat.	0
or say sentences with a swear word in between each word except to music , or go to jail ur whole life	Or to say a phrase, swear between each word, except music, or go to prison for a lifetime.	0
Danny p.s.please.excuse.my.keyboard , as , it 's.on.the.fritz 9 / LOL .	Danny p.s.please.excuse.my.keyboard like, it's.on.the.fritz 9 / LOL.	0
K	k is	0
Enough is enough .	Sufficient is enough.	0
Rüütel talaði um hve erfiðir tímar hefðu verið þegar sjálfstæðisyfirlýsingin var gefin út .	And all of this is going on.	2
What is better ?	Which is better?	0
And , nice picture too !	This is a beautiful photo too!	0
**** off bulgar turkic peice of * * * * and * * * * ustasha KOSOVO belongs to SERBİA get used to it however much you hate serbs , also by the way Makedonia belongs to Greece not bulgayria	* * * and * * ustasha KOSOVO belongs to SERBIA get used to it no matter how much you hate the Serbs, as well Macedonia belong to Greece not Bulgaria	1
The Jews are responsible for massive non-White immigration to Europe and North America .	The Jews are responsible for the massive non-white immigration into Europe and North America.	0
Let's hear the full version .	Let's listen to the full version.	0
There are people I know of that actually are like that , I 'm sorry to say .	People I know are really like that, I'm sorry to say.	0
Hey there I 'm just up the mountain from u .	Behold, I am right above your mountain.	0
Many years ago maybe , there 's no ammo for them anyway , rather send a donation of a few thousand M4 's	Maybe years ago, there was still no ammunition for them, but rather sending donations of thousands of M4.	0
Більше читайте тут : ? ????? ?????????? ????????? ?????????? ??? ???? ?? ??? ????? ??????????? ????????? ??????? - ???? - ??? .ua ? ????? ?????????? ????????? ?????????? ??? ???? ?? ??? ????? ??????????? ????????? ??????? - ???? - ??? .ua Google translate works ( kinda )	Eat, Eat and Eat	2
I was n't there too long but long enough to hate that place .	I wasn’t there too long, but long enough to be able to hate this place.	0
Let me know !	Please let me know!	0
We will never forget their heroism .	We shall never forget his heroism.	0
ya my little sister doesnt like little black girls when they try to talk to her she pulls a disgusted face and says why are you black ?? and i laugh and say `` Maggie dont talk to her ''	ya My little sister doesn't like a little black girl when they try to talk to her, she pulls a disgusting face and says why you're black and I laugh, "Maggie said to her	1
Hi, just joined the forums and looking forward to joining in the discussions with fellow white nationalists and having some interesting debates , good to be here amongst friends Thewhitewolf88	Hello, I just joined the forum, looking forward to joining the discussion with white nationalist colleagues, and there are some interesting discussions and I am happy to be here among the friends.	0
Brutal: Expanding Reach Of Mexico 's Drug Cartels YouTube - Dispatch : Expanding Reach of Mexico 's Drug Cartels YouTube - Stratfor Insight - Mexican Drug Cartels	Cruelty: Expanding the Scope of the Mexican Drug Cartel YouTube - Dispatch : Expanding the scope of Mexico's Drug Cartels YouTube - Stratfor Insight - Mexican Narcotic Cartels	0
It really would n't surprise me if 3 years marked a big change in attitudes as well as demographics	I would not be surprised if three years marked a great change in attitudes and demographics.	0
Like the Gods telling us that this does n't work !	As the gods tell us, this doesn’t work!	0
I was actually scared a few times .	In fact, I was scared a couple of times.	0
New Intro , music leads in and out .	Introduction, music leads inside and out.	0
Way to go !	Go on the way!	0
They also said the same thing about the white girls that was severely beaten on Halloween a few years ago and also about the pregnant woman that was beaten in front of her own house .	They also said the same about a white girl who was brutally beaten at Halloween a few years ago, and also about a pregnant woman who was beaten in front of her house.	0
Quit eating at mexican food places .	Stop eating in Mexican restaurants.	3
I feel this is racist against whites !	I think this is racism against white people.	0
Have you ever heard about death mask of Franco ?	Have you ever heard of Franco's death mask?	0
YouTube - & #x202a ; Kolovrat Kosovski front & #x202c ; & lrm ;	YouTube – & #x202a ; Kolovrat Kosovo front & # x202c ; & lrm ;	0
I prefer classical music and marching band works , particularly the kind of score that was written for marching band , not some pop song transcribed to be played by instruments .	I prefer the work of classical music and parade bands, especially the songs written for parades, rather than certain popular songs transcribed to be played by instruments.	0
As the pace of retailer collapse accelerates in 2009 , larger malls will begin to go dark .	As the rate of retail collapse accelerated in 2009, the larger shopping malls would begin to darken.	0
For God 's sake nobody cares about this childish personal crap .	No one is concerned about this childish shit.	0
There was a thread here somewhere long ago about someone who went to a police station and saw they had it on the wall for public information ; probably the ADL has mailed these to many police stations .	A long time ago, there was a clue about someone going to the police station and seeing them delivering information to the public on the wall; it is possible that ADL had sent those emails to many police stations.	0
There's more sex and sleaze condensed on the shelves of the check out line than you 'll get in 2 hours of TV - and 2 hours of TV is lethal to your spirit !	On the shelves of the check-out line, more sex and sludge is condensed than you’ll get in 2 hours of television — and 2 hours TV is deadly for your mind!	0
I hope it goes well .	I hope this goes well.	0
Then again , in this modern age of white youth emulating negroes and white adults groveling at the feet of the juden , perhaps it 's an appropriate word after all .	Nevertheless, in the modern era of white youth where black and white adults shake at the feet of Jews, that is the right word.	1
Jesli sa , to sie chowaja , albo nie wiedza co to Stormfront .	If you don’t know if you’re facing the storm or not.	2
This is my next read .	Here is my next reading.	0
hope one day i will be able to see finland withouth those * * * * ing monkey ass soumalian ... im glad .. because finland has lowest immigrate in europe ..... kick those * * * * ing soumalians ass .....	I hope that one day I can see the Finnish monkeys that * * * English monkey ass Somalians... I’m glad... because Finland has the lowest immigrants in Europe... hit those ** English Somali ass...	1
- Pioneer Little Europe ( PLE ) Didnt anybody teach you ?	Pioneer Little Europe Didn't anyone teach you?	0
Worth .	is worth.	0
Bobby van Jaarsveld - Kyk Waar Is Ons Nou [ Official Music Video ] - YouTube We can all have a dance and feel good for a while .	Bobby van Jaarsveld - Kyk Waar Is Ons Nou [ official music video ] - YouTube We all dance and feel good for a while.	0
I consider it one of the greatest honors that I got to see the ultrasound .	I see it as one of the greatest honour that I have seen the ultrasound.	0
Just saying .	just say.	0
Fine with me as long as they do n't parade the city and demand `` gay rights '' ... keep it in the closed god damnit , homosexuality is n't exatly something to be proud of	It’s good for me, as long as they don’t march in the city and demand “homosexual rights”... put it in the closed curse of God, homosexuality isn’t something to be proud of.	1
New Supreme Court Justice Lord Dyson | The Jewish Chronicle 4 out of 12 .	The new Supreme Court judge, Lord Dyson, The Jewish Chronicles 4 of 12.	0
Well that has nothing to do with White Nationalism .	But this has nothing to do with white nationalism.	0
22270	72270 to	0
Pick a few , you 'll see what I mean .	Choose a few, you'll see what I mean.	0
No amount of educational funds will drag the population out of it 's sludge .	No amount of education funding will pull the population out of the dirt.	0
My grandmother Has Red Hair .	My mother has red hair.	0
I'm sad to find this out right now but I 'm also sorry to inform you that Kevin was killed several years ago .	I'm sad that I can find out this now, but I'll also apologize to inform you that Kevin was killed a few years ago.	0
A federal judge in New York closed a filthy jew kosher slaughterhouse Tuesday , saying the plant 's dirty birds posed a health risk to the community .	A New York federal judge on Tuesday closed a dirty Jewish kosher slaughterhouse, claiming that dirty birds from the plant posed a risk to community health.	1
Turns out Ms. Whigger has an arrest warrent out for not showing up for court for traffic violations according to the Kalispell Police Dept ....	Whigger, according to the Kalispell Police Department, has been revealed to have an arrest warrant for not appearing in court for traffic violations.	0
It is stupid	It's Dumb	0
This filth is a sectarian British song not an Irish folk song the sort of scum who wrote and admire this filth have no place on a WN forum yet alone an Irish forum	This string is a secular English song rather than an Irish folk song, and those who write and appreciate this string have no place on a WN forum, but only one Irish forum.	1
And there 's lots of water ... with trout and other fish .	And there is a lot of water... with rabbits and other fish.	0
Suomalainen totta kai !	This is Finnish Totta Kai!	2
Number Two : I disagree with your definition of white nationalism because it is confusing .	Number two: I do not agree with your definition of white nationalism because it is confused.	0
I am doing online school for my associates in computer information systems with a concentration in web design .	I have been doing an online school for my peers in computer information systems with a focus on web design.	0
Basically , we are the fathers of millions of black little bastards .	Basically, we are the parents of millions of little black bastards.	0
Got rid of a semi custom 1911 because every time it rained or work or i sweated i had to clean it or in a few days rust would show up .	Get rid of the half of the habit in 1911, because every time it rains or works or I sweat, I have to clean it, or in a few days it will appear.	0
It's easy for them to multiply because their African genes are so incredibly pronounced .	Their African genes are so surprisingly pronounced, so it is easy for them to reproduce.	3
There are public schools and public libraries everywhere .	There are schools and libraries everywhere.	0
It does n't really mean anything .	It actually does not mean anything.	0
TF .	and tf.	0
https : //www.youtube.com/watch ? v = DeiW _ bWZ2Is https : //www.youtube.com/watch ? v = jWFq-v7TKdQ https : //www.youtube.com/watch ? v = iAzn9V3ha3Y https : //www.youtube.com/watch ? v = wTNfdPxtfek	https: //www.youtube.com/watch? v = DeiW _ bWZ2Is https: /www.YouTube.com /watch?v = jWFq-v7TKdQ https: \www.facebook.com-watch? V = iAzn9V3ha3Y https:	0
All of these events would have made great TV .	All of those events would have made a great TV.	0
Now I just need to figure out what you are doing here .	Now I just have to figure out what you're doing here.	0
* Unsubscribed * Off to the SA threads .	* No subscription * Deactivated to SA threads.	0
And Oh My God .	And O my God.	0
Honestly, coming out with an ill thought out rant like this would see you dismissed as a crank in any meaningful debate .	Frankly, bringing out such a bad idea will lead you to be rejected in any meaningful debate.	0
They aught be ashamed of themselves for covering up or downplaying the story about these predators .	They would be ashamed to cover up or underestimate the stories of these predators.	1
What do i know ? ?!!!!! ...	What do you know?!!!	0
But if White people find a user for a plant native to Africa , the negroes want a royalty .	But if white people find users for plants of African origin, black people want a royal family.	1
- YouTube Heil Hitler !	Heal Hitler on YouTube!	0
Pray vnto Odin .	Praying to Odin.	0
Thanks It may not seem like much but just puting one of those leaflets up on a noticeboard gets a lot of people talking .	This may not seem much, but just putting one of the brochures on the notification board will make a lot of people talk.	0
NEVER be the first one to offer information about yourself or job history to ANYONE on the net .	Never be the first to provide information about yourself or your work history to anyone online.	0
Canada is on par or worse than Germany these days for being anti-Nationalist .	Canada is now worse than Germany because it is anti-nationalist.	0
http://www.youtube.com/watch ? v = R8gYc5fvMQ0	HTTP://www.youtube.com/watch? v = R5gYc5fvMQ0	0
(Warning: do not watch on a full stomach ) I 'm Jewish And You Know It - Official Parody to Sexy and I know it - YouTube	I'm Jewish And You Know It - Official Parody to Sexy and I Know It	0
And second of all whites are smarter than asians and if you ever look at bodybuilding contests you will see only whites maybe one or 2 blacks .	And all white people are smarter than Asians, and if you watch a bodybuilding contest, only white people will see one or two blacks.	1
Arseniy Yatsenyuk approved as Ukraine 's new prime minister Arseniy Yatsenyuk , Ukraine 's new prime minister Published February 27 , 2014 / FoxNews.com Source : Arseniy Yatsenyuk approved as Ukraine 's new prime minister | Fox News	Arseniy Yatsenyuk Approved as the New Prime Minister of Ukraine, Arsenij Yatseniuk Announced the New President of Ukraine February 27, 2014 / FoxNews.com Source: Arsenyi Yatsenieuk has been approved as the new minister of Ukraine Fox News	0
hi guys i have just registered in order to say my opinion from my experience in real life or internet about your issues .	Hi guys, I have registered to tell you my opinions about your problems in real life or from my experiences on the Internet.	0
Good going libtards , you ruined Rhodesia .	Go well, you destroyed Rhodesia.	1
I want to see Whites bused in there until the Latinos are a 30 % minority and not outnumbering the Asians , Blacks and Whites .	I would like to see white people gathered there until they are a 30% minority of Latinos, overtaking Asians, blacks and whites.	0
But who knows ?	And who knows?	0
Maybe it had something to do with the Soviets not even having the funds to keep an ample supply of food or toilet paper in their own country .	Per this is due to the fact that the Soviet Union did not even have enough funds to maintain a large supply of food or toilet paper in its own country.	1
He said he is offended by the Jewwatch website . Jewish Google owners	He said he was offended by the Jewwatch site. Jewish owners of Google	0
I would probably be French instead of American .	I might be a French, not a American.	0
Rhodine van der Walt was shot and killed in her home in Kempton Park on Saturday night , 1 Feb 2014 by blacks .	Rhodine van der Walt was shot and killed by a black man in a house in Kempton Park on Saturday night, February 1, 2014.	0
This is the same white flight pattern all over the world , the problem being eventually we will run out of space to live .	This is the same white flight pattern around the world, the problem is that we will finally leave the space to live.	0
It 's mind boggling to me , I mean they just cut it off and run off with it in their hands ?	It comes up in my mind, do I mean they cut it off and run it with their hands?	0
So do my kids , and they are 4 & 5	So do my kids and they're 4 and 5.	0
This is part four of a five part series of videos on the German minority in Upper Silesia .	This is the fourth part of a five-part video series about the German minority in the upper Silesia.	0
Or better yet find another job then quit .	Or better to find a job and then leave.	0
( My mom has blue eyes and my dad has green eyes , so I got his eyes. )	(My mother had blue eyes and my father had green eyes, so I got his eyes.)	0
Surely you 're not suggesting teaching that bunch to shoot !	Certainly, you do not suggest teaching this band to shoot a gun!	0
1. type of students allowed Aryans only .	This type of student is only allowed by the Arians.	0
We have to encourage people to boycott all black businesses , start rumours that blacks working in shops have AIDs which is probably true .	We must encourage people to resist all black companies and start rumors that black people work in shops with AID, which may be true.	1
Anti-White C * * T.	Anti-white C * T	0
Yah , I guess there is !!!	I think it exists there!!	0
Im sorry that many people in my country are stupid .	I am sorry that a lot of people in my country are foolish.	0
I hope all goes well in Sweden ( I lived there ) and loved it .	I hope everything goes well in Sweden (I have lived there) and I love it.	0
I wonder what it was like ?	I wondered what was it like?	0
Sergey Brin claims his family were victims of `` anti-semitism . ''	Sergey Brin says his family was a victim of "anti-Semitism."	0
Maybe hate crime will now apply to whites ( in an odd fashion )	Probably hate crime is now applied to white people (in a strange way)	0
I'm often asked what my main squeeze looks like , here she is , Sweet Polly Purebred , in a scene where I save her from the evil jew scientist Simon Bar Sinister	I often ask how my main scenes look, here she is, Sweet Polly Purebred, in the scene that I am seeking her from the evil Jewish scientist Simon Bar Sinister.	0
I've seen that game at the store before .	I saw this game in the store before.	0
I do care about arab christians You are not the only one who is feeling lost i know it sucks to be a non muslim in the middle east. would you like to move to east asia with me ?	You are not the only one who feels lost, I know you are a non-Muslim in the Middle East, you want to go with me to East Asia?	0
Holocaust Handbooks - Educate Yourself - YouTube Holocaust Handbooks is the world 's premiere Revisionist book series .	Holocaust Handbooks is the world’s premiere Revisionist book series.	0
Maaaaany pinders and Asians here ......	Asian and Asian people are here.	3
This should be passed to the left too , who have been victims of ADL tactics including theft of police files , smearing , and illegal spying .	This should also be passed on to the left, which has been the victim of ADL tactics, including theft of police records, blasphemy and illegal espionage.	0
I 've gone through corn mazes as well .	I also went through the corn field.	0
I do n't think anyone here is saying that the Polish are on the same level as blacks .	I don’t think anyone here says that the Poles are at the same level as the Negroes.	0
No wonder children at a younger and younger age are engaging in sexual acts .	It is not surprising that children of younger and younger ages engage in sexual acts.	0
She 'll smell of it for a while then it 'll be gone in a matter of seconds .	She will smell it for a while, and it will disappear in a few seconds.	0
OMG unfortunately they are very good at hot air. did n't see any massive demos to prosecute the kiddie fiddlers amongst the Christian Brothers .	OMG, unfortunately, they are very good at the hot air and have not seen a massive demonstration to accuse the fucking fiddler among the Christian brothers.	0
They are lighter skin Negros now ...	The skin is lighter now.	0
I 'd rather see a purebreed black or hispanic than arrogant half breeds .	I prefer to see a pure black or hispanic rather than half-arrogant races.	0
Whites are already a minority in my area .	White people are now a minority in our area.	0
I hear you loud and clear I still have n't been able to meet up with anyone .	I heard you loud and clearly, and I was not yet able to meet anyone.	0
This is got to be one of the few places in the world where you can drive 4-5 hours and go from rain forests to desert .	This makes it one of the few places in the world where you can drive for four to five hours and move from rainforest to desert.	0
We get the occasional mention in papers like the Guardian here and of course journalists look in but as far as I know that 's it .	We get the occasional mention in the newspapers like the Guardian here and, of course, the journalists look, but to the extent I know that is that.	0
Not just encouraging but actuallly paying them bonuses .... so a black managers in state service gets his bonus determined on how few white employees he has	Not only encouraged, but actually paid bonuses... such a black manager in the service of the state gets his bonuses that determine how many white workers he has.	0
The folk im talking about have been shoulder to shoulder with me for a long time and i will continue to show loyalty and respect to them as they have more than earned it 828	The people who talk about this have been on the shoulder with me for a long time and I’ll continue to show them loyalty and respect because they’ve won more than 828	0
Make this a problem for your parents.Get their attention where it should be : On the welfare of their child , and their own Race .	Let this be a question for your parents, where to put their attention: about the well-being of their children, and about their own race.	0
Hails	by Haile	0
They 're a waste of space and they 're filthy , tax payer robbing , mentally challenged , primitive , unintelligent cultural trash .	They are a waste of space, getting dirty, stealing taxes, mentally challenging, primitive, ignorant cultural garbage.	1
Mate, have you been to Britain ?	Have you ever been to England?	0
Believe me when I say that this WILL get notice and will piss the anti 's off because they ca n't say it 's `` Hate Speech '' !	Believe me when I say this will be noticed and pissed on the anti’s because they don’t say it’s ‘Hate Speech’!	0
Fatal shooting victim Police find murder victim Clinton woman 's death ruled a homicide	Police have found the death of Clinton’s victim murder was murder.	0
Here is one video that I 've made and upload to youtube , hope you like it YouTube - CROATIAN SOLDIERS - Strenth & Honor	Here’s one video that I’ve made and uploaded to youtube, hope you like it YouTube – CROATIAN SOLDIERS – Strenth & Honor.	0
That 's all I ever see on the morning news .	That’s all I’ve ever seen in morning news.	0
I tend to kick with my feet in street fights because of shoes. btw did you check out the whole page ? that was just the beginning of the infection. it gets alot more gruesome. haha thats awesome that you got to soccer kick someone though .	I tend to step foot in street battles for shoes. btw Have you checked the entire page? it was just the beginning of infection. it gets worse. haha It's great you got to kick someone out of football	0
First impressions ...	The First Impression...	0
If u wanna chat drop me a line RaHoWa !	If you want to chat, leave me a RaHoWa line!	0
Pathological killers , they are .	These are pathological killers.	1
Dont quote me on it , im pretty sure open carry of a long gun in texas is legal .	Don’t quote me, I’m sure shooting in Texas is legal.	0
It 's more fun that way , too .	It is also more fun.	0
After watching these photos I got strange feeling they remind me somehow of nazi wehrmacht old photos .	After seeing these photos, I got a strange feeling that they somehow reminded me of the old photos of the Nazi wehrmacht.	0
I did the whole regular college thing for like almost a semester and it costs to much .	I did the whole ordinary college thing, like a semester, and it cost a lot of money.	0
WeisserSturm-why u want to kick greeks ? u have too much nationalistic minds ? then why u live in USA ?	WeisserSturm - Why do you want to beat the Greeks? you have too many nationalist ideas? then why do you live in the United States?	0
Even the best teachers have to play by THEIR rules so it does n't do much good for them to be there .	Even the best teachers have to play according to their rules, so it’s not good if they’re there.	0
Welcome Erica .	Welcome to Erica!	0
His name is Josh Gilmore 2508	His name was Josh Gilmore, 2508	0
This is EXACTLY the kind of action that will go a long way to saving our race And out of white hating Canada ? who 'd of thought eh ?	Is this exactly the type of action that goes a long way to save our race and from the black and white of Canada?	0
My mother taught me to read and count change before I was three years old !	My mom taught me to read and count changes before I was 3 years old!	0
I posted a long and insightful ( or at least so I thought ) post here a couple of days ago .	I wrote a long and clear (or at least I think so) article here a few days ago.	0
You are very entertaining .	You are quite entertaining.	0
I'm not too sure how the Strawbale House would do during the harsh New England winter weather .	I’m not quite sure what the Strawbale House would look like during the harsh winter weather in New England.	0
Also lots of bear .	And a lot of bears.	0
Likewise.	Similarly the	0
Neither of the Diaz brothers are very bright but they generally come to fight .	The Diaz brothers are not very brilliant, but they usually come to fight.	0
not sure how we can be anti liberal when we have a prime minister who openly supports israel and sends them cards on their holiday 's laughing stock of the aryan race. not to mention they also openly support the sand people .	We don’t know how we can be anti-liberal when there is a prime minister who openly supports Israel and sends cards to the laughter of the Arians in their holidays.	1
I have a flyer at home that has the symbols to look for so once I return home I can get that info out 2 you .	I have a flyer that has symbols at home so that when I go home, I can get that information 2 you.	0
Thank you in advance. : ) Download the youtube `` description box '' info text file below @ http://www.mediafire.com/download/dqhn1czprr17o21/Booklet-Description-Box _ Info.txt	Download the youtube `` description box '' info text file below @http://www.mediafire.com/download/dqhn1czprr17o22/Booklet-Description-Box _ Info.txt	0
Non Whites hate White people plain and simple.They are taught from birth that White people are the cause of all the problems in the world and every bad thing that happens is because of evil racist White people .	They were taught from birth that whites were the root of all the problems in the world, and all the bad things that happened were because of the evil racist whites.	0
When i first joined up i was shocked at how ( no offence ) elderly some of the people who post here are .	When I first joined, I was surprised by how some of the elderly (no guilty) were posted here.	0
If there is a positive to come out of this it 's that both communities will now realise that they are not that different after all compared to whats coming in .	If there was a positive outcome, the two communities would now realize that they were not so different after all compared to what was coming.	0
Maybe God was punishing them for their interracial marriage .	Maybe God was punishing her for her interracial marriage.	1
A man was electrocuted a couple weeks ago on the courtney campbell causeway trail .	A man was electrocuted on a Courtney Campbell road trail a few weeks ago.	0
One reason we moved out of our ( at one time 99 % white ) neighborhood was because massive numbers of Chinese moved in and i swear to you a literal rotten smell came with them .	One of the reasons we moved from our (once 99% white) neighborhood is because a huge number of Chinese people have moved, so I swear to you that literally the rotting smell has come with them.	1
Better yet , make her the poster child for Black Resettlement ! Spending her days digging for grub worm dinners would actually be good for her .	It’s better to make her a black re-located poster child! spending her days on a grass dinner will be good for her.	1
But this just is n't the greatest movement for romantics to join .	However, this is not the biggest movement that Romanticians have joined.	0
What city and when was this that no calls could be made out .	Which city and when is this, no phone can be sent.	0
My Norwegian uncle has been visiting , and he has shared with us some things about Christmas celebrated in Norway ...	My Norwegian uncle is visiting, and he shared with us a few things on Christmas celebrated in Norway...	0
now that ye mention it he does look a bit like this traveller i knew. i wonder if we gave him a wash would he really be a white guy with red hair ?	Now that you mention it, he looks a bit like this traveler I know.I think if we had washed him he really had a white man with red hair.	0
There was a small Nigerian man that lived in the same town as me for about a year .	There was a little Nigerian man who lived in the same city as I lived for about a year.	0
so you are trying to make us look bad ? just because there are a few bad apples in a tree doesnt mean the whole tree is bad !	So you’re trying to look bad for us? it doesn’t mean that the whole tree is bad because there’s a bad apple on the tree.	0
Still , a little bit of truth slipping out of an Israeli 's mouth Surprised this thread was moved as it 's all over the news here .	Nevertheless, the surprise that some truth comes out of the mouth of the Israelites is that this news is all here.	1
It was great to see some new faces come out to one of our recent events and we are looking forward to seeing everyone that has been consistently coming to our weekly meets and those who are going to be coming out for the first time .	It’s been great to see a new face appear on one of our recent events, and we’re looking forward to seeing people who have come consistently to our weekly meetings and those who come out for the first time.	0
Next week is Thanksgiving .	Next week will be Thanksgiving.	0
Why ca n't whites have an English charter school or Latin charter school funded by taxpayers where white culture and literature is promoted .	Why do whites have English charter schools or Latin charters that are funded by taxpayers to promote white culture and literature?	0
I can do server audits remotely without being on-site .	I can perform audits on a remote server without being on the site.	0
Back of a bus on a truth or dare when I was in high school , when a moment seem to last forever .	Back on a bus, when I was in high school, a truth or courage, when a moment seemed to last forever.	0
Myndighetene vurderer nå om de skal få permanent oppholdstillatelse .	The authorities are now investigating whether they are obtaining a permanent residence permit.	2
Williams has friends who live across the hall from the victims ..	Williams had friends who lived in the living room of the victims.	0
Many Asians will see something once and memorize it the rest of their lives , but when asked ' how ' it works or use it creatively , they draw a blank .	Many Asians will look at it once and remember it for the rest of their lives, but when asked “how it works” and used creatively, they draw a void.	1
hey i definitly know what your going through. i am a reserve officer in my town just so i can bust the * * * * * * crack dealers. i have no better enjoyment than to watch one squirm before he is sent up the river. my town is mostly * * * * * * s so you already know i am a very busy officer	Hi I definitely know what you’re going through.I’m a reserve police officer in my village so I can break the dealer.I don’t have any better pleasure than seeing a scammer before being sent to the river.My village is mostly * * ** * s so you’ve already been very busy with me.	0
Just stop pulling our legs please .	Please stop pulling your feet.	0
Goals??	The goal? →	0
Restaurant " ? "	“The Restaurant”	0
I do n't think she is mongoloid , but it 's big question if she 's White ...	I don’t think she’s Mongolian, but it’s a big question about whether she is white...	0
There are lots of brown and black kids in the system gays could adopt .	There are a lot of black and brown children in the system homosexuals could adopt.	1
They just say this because it makes it sound better and know that people would be less likely to speak out against this .	They say this only because it sounds better and know that people are less likely to speak against it.	0
Hard to find video versions of these songs that YouTube does n't delete .	It’s hard to find video versions of those songs that YouTube doesn’t delete.	0
Exactly, especially since all the photos are White on White or in a few instances Black on Black .	Specifically, especially because all photos are white on white, or in some cases black on black.	0
Quantum entanglement would indicate that quanta do `` communicate '' faster than the speed of light .	The quantum entangling would indicate that the quantum "communicates" faster than the speed of light.	0
I went out with an old friend the other day for a few drinks .	I went out to drink a few drinks the next day with my old friend.	0
I gave out handfuls of good chocolate candy and the kids were happy .	They gave me a couple of chocolate candies and the kids were happy.	0
Nothing was in jepordy this year and furguson cause black friday gun sales to be beyond a democrat getting elected .	There was no problem this year, with trucks causing gun sales on Black Friday to go beyond the scope of Democrats being elected.	0
I am thinking to create a thread dedicated to crimes commited by immigrants .	I think of creating a theme dedicated to the crimes committed by immigrants.	0
Oildale,Ca.While.this.little.town.borders.Bakersfi eld , it.offers.very.low.housing.costs , while.providi ng.many.jobs.in.the.oil.drilling.fields.i.e.weldin g & support , .mostly.White.Racial.make-up ( 90 % ? ) .Until.we.had.moved.here.from.Huntington.B each.6.monthes.ago , I.had.never.heard.of `` PLE '' .Our.i ntent.moving.here.from.So.Cal.was.very.similar.to.	If you do not want to do so, you will be able to do the most of the things you need to do in order to ensure that you are satisfied with the requirements of this Regulation (EU) 2016/679 of the European Parliament and of the Council of Ministers of Agriculture.	0
yes there is a KKK in Canada you have to be invited to get in .	Yes, there is a KKK in Canada, so you must be invited to come in.	0
Dumb ass that was just more Jew propaganda that shows their ( and ) your idiocy now go away with your bulls@ $ t	Stupid ass, that’s just more Jewish propaganda, which suggests that their (and) your stupidity is now gone with your bull@$t	1
So get tougether and save a great race .	So, unite and save a great competition.	0
This is Hate !!	It is hatred!!	0
Wish I could rep you for this Wolfie ... I 'll catch ya later .	I wish I could fix you for this wolf...I’ll catch it later.	0
Verl : Rechts-Rocker lebt bürgerlich in Verl | Neue Westfälische , Nachrichten aus Ostwestfalen-Lippe , Bielefeld , Gütersloh , Herford , Paderborn , Höxter , Warburg , News , Meldungen , Informationen - Neue Westfälische - Verl For days over Yule , the Zionist controlled press and Antifa scum have been laying siege to Marco from Sleipnir 's family home .	Verl: Rechts-Rocker lebt bürgerlich in Verl, Neue Westfälische, Nachrichten aus Ostwestfalen-Lippe, Bielefeld, Gütersloh, Herford, Paderborn, Höxter, Warburg, news, Meldungen, information - NeueWestfälische - Verl Yule, for several days, Zionist-dominated news and anti-Fascism have surrounded Marco from the home of the Sleipnir family.	1
Owners at bars dont even look at just have bartenders place on bar .	In the bar, the owner does not see the barman’s place in the bar.	0
I need something translated but I would settle for a `` live '' internet sports channel that carries lithuanian or latvian sports .	I need something to be translated, but I want to build an internet sports channel that performs Lithuanian or Latvian sports.	0
Face shaved and moustache trimmed ...	Cutting the beard and shaving.	0
That is transparency .	That was transparency.	0
I can tell you that colleges in New York are very liberal , even the Christian or Catholic ones .	I can tell you that the university in New York is very free, even Christian or Catholic.	0
How to call someone who agrees for slow doom of him self and his people ??	How do you call a man who agrees to slowly destroy himself and his people???	0
People such as yourself like to hold Blacks and Whites to the same standards only when its convienent to you .	People like you like to keep black and white people on the same standards only when they fit you.	0
Just the yo crap .	Fuck me alone.	0
I got a pm from him too that was very strange .	I also got a PM from him, which was pretty strange.	0
From The Telegraf Judge and clerk shot dead in Belgian court - Telegraph New information says that the assailant is NOT an albanian , but an homeles iranian ( source http://www.berlingske.dk/verden/hjem ... rab-paa-dommer )	Telephone judges and officials were shot in Belgian courts - new information from the telegram says the attackers were not Albanians but Iranians (source http://www.berlingske.dk/verden/hjem... rab-paa-dommer )	0
Shocking .	Shocked	0
I dont want to argue but will you nordicists ever stop claiming that blondism in the rest Europe only comes from your lands ?	I don’t want to argue, but you Nordic people argue that blondism in other parts of Europe comes only from your land.	0
Africa : Britain Has Put Together A # 52m Aid Package For Drought Victims In The Horn Of Africa | World News | Sky News	Africa: UK has put together a #52m aid package for victims of drought in the corner of Africa	0
You can always pick up some 6-8 `` diameter pvc/poly pipe and cap the ends .	You can always take about 6-8′′ pvc/poly tube diameter and cap the ends.	0
- I always loved that scene !	I have always loved this scene!	0
An AR10 does n't really fit into that .	A AR10 is not really suitable for that.	0
Has anyone ever asked them about it ?	Did anyone ever ask them about it?	0
This wont last , so jump on it .	It will not last longer, so jump up.	0
My friend and I are looking to buy them in large quantities on the Internet for probably around like $ 1.50- $ 2.00 a piece ....	My friend and I probably want to buy them in a large amount on the Internet for about $1.50- $2.00 a piece.	0
True , it is hard for white men to find good white woman and it is just as hard for white women to find a good white man .	In fact, it is difficult for a white man to find a good white woman, and it is as hard as a white woman to find good white man.	0
On Stormfront usually we try to respect feelings of those who find scantily dressed ( bikini etc ) images or suggestive poses tacky .	At Stormfront, we usually try to respect the feelings of those who find images or suggestive poses in scarce clothes (bikini, etc.).	0
Also all the East European countries ( Chezch Republic , Poland , Slovakia , Finland etc ) are 99,99 % white .	In addition, all Eastern European countries (Czech Republic, Poland, Slovakia, Finland, etc.) are 99.99% white.	0
Strange that you cant visit it anymore .	Curiously, you can no longer visit.	0
So you advocate independence , just to join another sovereign Nation ( As Wales would be in this hypothetical scenario ) ?	So are you defending independence and joining another sovereign state (as Wales is in this hypothetical scenario)?	0
I do n't want to throw my life away .	I do not want to give up my life.	0
Yet if the thugs had of actually robbed the store and injured or killed your friend , it would not be classified as a hate crime would it ?	But if the thief actually steals a store, hurt or kills your friend, will it not be classified as a hate crime?	0
A Government of Wolves : The Emerging American Police State A Government of Wolves : The Emerging American Police State	A Government of Wolves: The Emergent American Police State	0
I simply would not care to see some white guy 's head on a stick , like I have seen mexicans that cross the cartel .	I just don’t care to look at the head of a white man, as if I saw a Mexican passing the cartel.	0
Those are some of the most stupid posts I have ever read in my life .	These are some of the stupidest posts I’ve ever read in my life.	0
I hear Liberia is nice this time of the year .	Liberia is beautiful this year.	0
After I had my son it got reddish highlights .. which I loved .	After having my son, he had red spots that I loved.	0
I would never join a Christian group , or a group that would allow Christians to join .	I will never join a Christian group, or a group that allows Christians to join.	0
hey everyone ...... i just joined a few days ago and am looking for anyone near virginia to talk to or possibly meet. i 'm 19 and looking for someone around my age if possible	Hi everyone... I just joined a few days ago and am looking for someone near Virginia to meet or talk to.	0
Work overseas for about 5 years .	He worked abroad for five years.	0
Actually Monkeys and Apes are more noble creatures and rarely act violent it really is unfare to the Monkeys and Apes to be compared with subhuman Negroids who are by contrast very murderous .	In fact, apes and monkeys are more noble creatures and rarely act violently, but it is really inappropriate to compare apes or apes, in contrast, to very deadly non-human blacks.	1
YUENGLINGS	The Yongling	0
Very funny .......	Really funny...	0
We do n't need such scum .	We don't need that scum.	1
Found along Orion 's sword just north of the bright Orion Nebula complex , these reflection nebulae are also associated with Orion 's giant molecular cloud about 1,500 light-years away , but are dominated by the characteristic blue color of interstellar dust reflecting light from hot young stars .	Discovered along the Orion sword in the northern part of the bright Orion Nebula Complex, these reflective nebulae are also associated with the huge molecular clouds of Orion about 1500 light years away, but are dominated by the characteristic blue of star dust that reflects the light of hot young stars.	0
The reason for this persecution ?	What is the cause of this persecution?	0
Kinda strange he only wants to remember those so called six million , but not those who died because of communism during WW2 .	Strangely enough, he only wanted to remember the so-called six million, but not those who died of communism during World War II.	0
Non-whites are looking out for their own interests , race traitors are an enemy by choice and choose to unite with enemies and not whites .	Non-whites are looking for their own interests, and racial traitors are the enemies of choice, choosing to unite with enemies rather than whites.	0
If you were smart you wouldnt create a white pride school group , take it from someone who has been through it .	If you’re smart, you won’t create a white-pride school group that takes it from people who have gone through it.	0
I hope you all stick around on SF and become involved/stay involved with nationalist politics .	I hope that you will all stay in the SF and get involved / stay involved in nationalist politics.	0
My new word o ' the week ( which has somehow become the word o ' two weeks ) : torpid : tor * pid adj : 1 ) Dormant ; hibernating .	My new word o'la week (which in some way has become the word of o' two weeks ) : torpid : tor * pid adj : 1 ) Sleeping ; hibernating.	0
Many of the local gods are lost forever , and many that were once gods were transformed into simple spirits , creatures , etc .	Many of the local gods are lost forever, and many of those who were once the gods have been transformed into simple spirits, creatures, etc.	0
Dr. Albert Schweitzer 's two-hour documentary from 1958 was shown in movie theaters everywhere .	In 1958, Dr. Albert Schweitzer’s two-hour documentary was shown in cinemas around the world.	0
i relized fear one morning. the blare of the fox hounters sound. when they 're all chasing after the poor bloody fox. it is safer to be dressed like the hounds .	One morning, when they are all chasing the poor bloody fox, it is safer to dress like dogs.	0
The Book of Revelation !	Read the Book of Revelation!	0
FlaNative62	The area 62	0
Here it is uncensored : White boy gets beat up by 2 blacks while the other blacks cheer .	Here’s uncensored: White boys were beaten by two blacks while the other blacks cheered.	0
I did both , but i keep watching us go extinct .	I have done both, but I'm continuing to watch what destroys us.	0
It 's good to see a fellow Arizonan who is racially aware , though .	But seeing an Arizona person with racial consciousness is a good thing.	0
David, This will answer your questions about our activism and ability to acquire resources much better than I can .	David, that will answer your questions about our activism and our ability to access resources better than I do.	0
But then I 'm half German and half German so I try to be accepting of other people with mixed backgrounds like myself .	But then, I’m half German and half German, so I try to accept other people with my background.	0
Just started reading Mein Kampf .	I just started to read Mein Kampf!	0
Thank Odin they do n't try to come in the modern day .	Thanks Odin, they are not trying to come into modern times.	1
Wonderful people and great food !	Beautiful people and good food!	0
Finally , they relented and let me have my first pair of swimming trunks .	Eventually, they gave up and gave me my first pair of swimsuits.	0
Wow she is beautiful and a WN , I like her seig heil salute we need more women like this , she is very beautiful indeed .	Wow she is beautiful and WN, I like her Seig heil salut we need more such a woman, she really is beautiful.	0
Just as soon as they repay for the generations of welfare their majestic peoples have consumed .	Just as they repaid the welfare of generations, their great nation has been consumed.	1
YouTube - Woman Opens Strip Club In Trailer Home For Teens And Offers Lap Dances To Children !	YouTube - A woman opens the Strip Club in a trailer for teenagers and offers dancers for children!	0
As Americans realize that they don t need a $ 5 Starbucks latte , IKEA knickknacks , Jimmy Cho shoes , Rolex watches , granite counters and stainless steel appliances , our mall-centric world will end .	When Americans realize they don’t need Starbucks Latte, IKEA Knickknacks, Jimmy Cho shoes, Rolex watches, granite calculators, and stainless steel devices, our mall-centered world will end.	0
Lighten up people .	Enlighten people.	0
Lots of companies moving in , many focused on energy sector .	Many companies are moving and many are focusing on the energy sector.	0
The Wolf	and the wolf	0
If you cant hide a J frame you better carry a purse ...	If you can’t hide the J frame, you need to take your suitcase...	0
As soon as I hear them uttering their monkey gibberish I feel like smashing my computer screen with my fist .	Once I heard them say their monkeys were screaming, I felt like I was breaking my computer screen with my fist.	1
I am a 23 year old Spanish guy .	I am a 23-year-old Spanish guy.	0
I know its like a hide and go seek game this white flight stuff .	I know it as a hidden thing and I go to search for this white flight thing.	0
That 's every groid 's wish anyways .	This is the desire of every big guy anyway.	1
How dare you give us evidence of crimes on tape !	How do you dare to give us evidence of crime on the tape!	0
I wonder if I should jackhammer a vault into my foundation ?	I wonder if I need a jackhammer in my foundation?	0
i think everybody knew check out his thread ' skinheads ' https : //www.stormfront.org/forum/show ... rish + skinheads knowbody trusted him from day one yet he still went ahead with a story that is old news more fools the star for even printing it. i dont notice any posts from joeblogs defending him self	I think everyone knew to check his theme'skinheads'https: //www.stormfront.org/forum/show... rish + skinheeds knowbody trusted him from the first day but he always continued with a story that is old news more crazy the star to even print it.	0
What did those poor monkeys ever do to you ?	What have these poor monkeys ever done to you?	0
Has anybody watched the video and listened to him ?	Has anyone seen this video and heard it?	0
In her free time , Karina Sørensen goes hunting with her father , adores exercising ( strength-training ) and also enjoys spending time with her close friends .	In her free time, Karina Sørensen goes to hunt with her father, loves exercise and also enjoys time with her close friends.	0
I 'll most likely be moving to belfast .	I will probably move to Belfast.	0
Probably a good idea for you to keep the TV off .	Maybe it’s a good idea to put your TV off.	0
In fact , I ca n't remember when I last saw one .	Actually, I can’t remember the last time I saw one.	0
I know a non white who got 5 A 's and 4 B 's but he robably cheated 2508	I know a non-white man, he got 5A and 4B, but he secretly cheated 2508	1
An example of muslim colonisation : in some schools we do n't celebrate Christmas anymore to respect the many islamic pupils ! Christmas is a part of OUR TRADITION , of OUR RELIGION !!!!	An example of Muslim colonization: In some schools we no longer celebrate Christmas to honor the many Islamic students!	0
Yes, I edited out your personal info , as you should only give that out to those who can be trusted .	Yes, I have edited your personal information because you should only share it with those you can trust.	0
I think you should take advantage of the fact you 're in highschool and it 's not really an important place in the long run .	I think you should take advantage of the fact that you’re in high school and it’s not really a long-term important place.	0
Regarding the James Murphy translation of Mein Kampf I saw a question in another forum which I would like to put to you here .	About James Murphy's translation Mein Kampf I saw a question on another forum and I want to ask you here.	0
For when a people is not willing or able to fight for its existence -- Providence in its eternal justice has decreed that people 's end .	For when a nation desires or cannot fight for its existence, the guarantee of its eternal justice has commanded the end of the people.	0
Sardines and anchovies , for example , are basically 100 % safe .	For example, Sardinia and Anchorage are basically 100% safe.	0
New York City : Aborted black babies outnumber live-birth black babies According to the city Health Department , 2008 saw 89,469 abortions performed in New York City seven for every 10 live births .	According to the New York City Department of Health, in 2008, 89,469 abortions were performed in New York, seven out of every 10 live births.	0
If parents complain when they object to self hate their kids are labeled racist and harassed or beat up the rest of their school life .	If parents complain against self-hatred, their children are labeled as racists and harassed or beaten for the rest of their lives at school.	0
Thank you for your major contribution to society	Thanks for your great contribution to society.	0
the.PLE.objectives ( helping.establish.young.whites/families.in.housing , jobs.etc. ) .Both.my.Brother. & .I .are.very.interested.in.your.program.	the.PLE. targets ( helping.establish.young.whites/families.in.housing, jobs.etc.).Both.my-brother. &.I.are.very.interested.in-your.program.	0
On week ends the avreage White person is glued to the TV watching negros play sports .	During the weekend, white people were stuck on TV to watch black people play sports.	0
Thank you in advance. : ) Download the youtube `` description box '' info text file below @ http://www.mediafire.com/download/gxv2b33v37la6pz/Booklet % 20Description % 20Box % 20Info.txt	Thank you in advance. : ) Download the youtube `` description box '' information text file below @ http://www.mediafire.com/download/gxv2b33v37la6pz/Booklet % 20 Description% 20Box% 20Info.txt	0
hello all , i have just found this site by accident and after reading lots of the posts i felt i had to join , my husband and i will be proud to be voting BNP as usual in the nxt election	Hi everyone, I just found this site by chance and after reading a lot of posts, I felt I need to join, my husband and I are proud to vote for the BNP as usual in the upcoming elections.	0
Since my relatives used to be arranged for a trip when the Feds has a new plan , that means there will be a new framed case in February and it always comes with big events as distraction - false flag terror attack , war , natural disaster or all of them .	My relatives were planning a trip when the Fed had a new plan, so it means that a new frame case will come in February, and it’s always big events like trouble – false flag terror attacks, wars, natural disasters, or all of them.	0
i have tried many times to try to explain to people why they should be a wn and they dont want to listen , does anyone know any tactics to where i might be able to get them to understand .	I’ve repeatedly tried to explain to people why they should be WN, they don’t want to listen, who knows any strategy, I might be able to make them understand.	0
Blockbuster Instant Commercial - YouTube !	Blockbuster Immediate Commercial – YouTube!	0
We live in a black majority neighborhood for economic reasons and we are definitely not race mixers .	We live in a neighborhood of black majority for economic reasons and definitely we are not racial mixers.	0
Yes my friend this you must do .	My friend, this is what you have to do.	0
Americans and Irish understand each other better than Spaniards and the beaners .. the US and Ireland are the 1st world so they are educated unlike the beaners .	The Americans and the Irish understand each other better than the Spanish and the Beaners... the United States and Ireland are the first world, so they are educated contrary to the Be.	1
I 'm starting mine tomorrow and I 'm a little nervous .	I start my work tomorrow and I’m a bit nervous.	0
Maybe before 1789 .	It was before 1789.	0
Cholera is most common in Africa , southern and Southeast Asia , and the Middle East .	Cholera is the most common in Africa, South and Southeast Asia, and the Middle East.	0
You make it sound so romantic , more like a bunch of sickos sacrificing a child in pennance for the sins they have commited over the last year so they can start a new year of muder and robbery with a clean conscience .	You make it sound so romantic, and it’s like a bunch of sick people who sacrifice their children for the sins they’ve committed over the past year so they can start the new year with a clean conscience.	0
hello, my name is jason , i am 13 years old and felt like postting. anyone here from or near CT , if u are , send me a message or something .	Hello, my name is Jason, I am 13 years old, anyone from here or near CT, if you are, send me a message or something.	0
Part 3 - Woman by anthropology showing how different and beautiful Europid woman are Ingeborga Dapkunaite - Baltic Elena Dementieva - East Nordid 　 Anna Kournikova - East Baltic Brigitte Bardot - Sub-Nordid	Part 3 – Woman by anthropology showing how different and beautiful Europid women are Ingeborga Dapkunaite – Baltic Elena Dementieva – East Nordid Anna Kournikova – East Baltic Brigitte Bardot – Sub Nordid	0
I just drink some beer and relaxe. good luck	I drink a little beer and relax.	0
I watched the video once , I don t think I would like to watch it again , ever .	I've seen the video once, I don't think I'd like to see it again, never again.	0
Organize and take action. you have other whites around you , bring them together .	Organize, take action, and have other white people around you, and bring them together.	0
well there is a little history for this post so listen up if you dont mind. there was a group in this city called the 311 boys supposedly they were a racist bunch of kids but i never thought they were but through the newspaper and manipulation of sotries they were labled as racist. well my views arnt that well known at school but some do know and ive been labled a `` 311 '' boy. a group of about 10 or so blacks approached me before school. now im not some little guy im a decent build and really have no fear of anyone or anything at this point in my life. well anyway they came up to me and started asking me if i was 311 if i was a racist and all this crap. i denied mostly for my own safety at the time. well i talked to some people who asked me who i thoguht were friends but it turns out they werent. they went right around and told them some of my views and now they came up to me at lunch today and pushed me around a little i stood up to them and got up in their faces but finally a hall monitor came and broke it up. im just wondering whats going to happen in the next few days since im the only WP kid in my school and am standing alone on this issue. just decided to post this bit of information for you wall to read keep safe and keep smart .	Well, there is a little history for this post, so if you don't care, ask. There was a group called 311 boys in this city, and they were said to be a bunch of racist children, but I never thought they were, but they were labeled as racists through the manipulation of newspapers and soccer. Well, my opinion was that they were well known in school at this time of my life, but some know that I was labeled with "311" boys. About 10 or so groups of black people approached me before the school. Now I'm not afraid of anyone, and I didn't really build kind to me, and it was someone or nothing afraid at this point in my life. They came to me anyway, and began to ask if I was 311 and I've pushed me up at lunchtime today, standing up between these children and socks. I'll watch this article, most of it, and for myself.	0
Aww this boy must come from a deprived community .... not : http://homes.point2.com/US/Pennsylvania/Monroe-County/Stroud-Township-Real-Estate.aspx .	Aww This boy must come from the poor community.... No: http://homes.point2.com/US/Pennsylvania/Monroe-County/Stroud-Pownship-real-Estate.aspx.	0
Често сам виђао и : 828 - HBH - Heil Blood & Honour - iveo Krv i Čast .	828 - HBH - Heil Blood & Honor – iveo Krv i Čast.	2
White women are okay to promote , but males are still carrying the sins of their Grandfathers ^ 3 .	White women are good at promoting, but men still carry the sins of their grandparents.	0
Striking was n't even dominated by grappling when the rules were minimal , let alone now .	When the rules were the smallest, the strikes were not even dominated by the strike, let alone now.	0
If you had your way their would be no whites to pay taxes so the blacks could collect welfare and as they have proved in Africa they are incapable of feeding themselves	If we had the way, there would be no white people paying taxes so that blacks can collect well-being and, as they have shown in Africa, they are unable to feed themselves.	1
There is no moral or just law that says you can not defend yourself , your family/loved ones/home from an unperoked attack . '	There is no moral or legal law that says that you cannot defend yourself, your family / loved one / home from an uninfected attack.	0
Most white girls are taught and brainwashed to love black guys , only way is to properly educate them and show them what savages they truly are .	Most white girls are taught and cleansed to love black boys, the only way is to educate them properly and show them what	1
INTJ Introvert ( 56 % ) iNtuitive ( 62 % ) iNtuitive Thinking ( 100 % ) Judging ( 56 % ) You have moderate preference of Introversion over Extraversion ( 56 % ) You have distinctive preference of Intuition over Sensing ( 62 % ) You have strong preference of Thinking over Feeling ( 100 % ) You have moderate preference of Judging over Perceiving ( 56 % )	INTJ Introvert ( 56 % ) Intuitive ( 62 % ) iIntuitive thinking ( 100 % ) Judgment (56 % ) You have a moderate preference for introversion versus extraversion (56% ) You prefer intuition versus feeling (62%) You prefer thought versus feeling (100 %) You have preferred judgment versus perception (56%)	0
Him , his wife , and his kids have absolutely no place in a white nation and it 's disgusting how they put an end to thousands of years of evolution for being so selfish .	He, his wife, and his children have absolutely no place in a white nation, and it is disgusting to end thousands of years of evolution because they are selfish.	1
Awwwwww, that so sweet .	Awwww, it is so sweet.	0
Probably comes out of Regina .	It may be from Regina.	3
Now that he 's 15 months old , my hair went back to mousy .	Now he is 15 months old and my hair is back to the mouse.	0
Get off your arse and do it yourself.Hand out a few leaflets in some Irish town and show pictures i done it years ago in Dublin why cant you do it now ?	I took out letters from a few Irish villages and showed them a picture of what I did in Dublin a few years ago, and why not do it now?	0
These kind of stories are designed to create more fear , and more calls from the ignorant sheeple for gun control .	This type of stories are designed to create more fear, and more ignorant sheep calls for weapons control.	0
I guess 3 times is the magic number .. then they think they get their asses handed to them .. same with bloody Mary also .	I guess three times were magic numbers...and then they thought they had handed the donkey over to them...and the same bloody Mary.	0
I can already see virtual AI girl friends coming out of this .	I can now see the virtual girls coming out of this.	0
Find Your Soul Paint 14/88 WPWW Erik	Find your soul color 14/88 WPW	0
Go to either the school or the board of education and tell them you want to remove your child.Should be some papers you need to sign .	Go to the school or the educational committee and say you want to remove your child.There should be a few documents you need to sign.	0
It 's wasted on a groid but I understand his need to uphold his principles .	It is wasted, but I understand its need to uphold its principles.	0
God bless in either case	In either case, God is blessed.	0
That and the fact he was one of the self-chosen , so according to their teachings he is allowed to do anything he wants to the Goyim .	This and the fact that he was one of the selected, so according to their teaching, he was allowed to do to the Goyim whatever he wanted to do.	0
I will build a really nice .308 as my next project .	I’m going to build a.308 really nice as my next project.	0
We are in the Kali Yuga .	We are in Kali Yuga.	0
I 'd think there are more appropriate sites for international dating and such .	I'd think there are more suitable sites for international dating and so on.	0
Is there any country that I can move to where there are no blacks or Asians ?	Are there any countries where I can move, where there are no black or Asian people?	0
My moms in town and I took her on the going to the sun road ..	My mother was in town, and I took her to the road to the sun.	0
They receive housing and welfare at the taxpayer 's expense while breeding like cockroaches .	You get accommodation and well-being at the expense of the taxpayer while planting like cockroaches.	1
I have just followed the link for the BDP , tried to check the policies only to be shown a lot of Latin that translates as total gobbledegook !	I just followed the BDP link and tried to check the policy, showing only a lot of Latin, translated as a total gobbledegook!	0
Romanians and Italians are fighting with one another while the enemy of all Latin people and of all Aryan humanity is laughing up his sleeve .	The Romans and the Italians struggle against each other, while the enemy of all the Latin people and all the Arab humanity is laughing at his head.	0
The majority of the people in these photos are more of the threat to America than to the Ukraine in my opinion .	In my opinion, most of the people in these photos pose greater threats to the United States than to Ukraine.	1
nobody said I like him and I dont see the reason to like him to be honest WE HAVE ENOUGH CULTURAL HERITAGE FOR HUNDREDS OF GENERATIONS WE SHOULD BE PROUD OF WHAT WE DID NOT OF WHAT SOME AUSTRIAN DID !!!	No one has said he likes him, and honestly I don’t see any reason to love him We have plenty of cultural heritage for generations and we should be proud of what we haven’t done Some Austrians did!!!	0
We should only support white businesses whose products are made in white countries .	We must only support white companies whose products are manufactured in white countries.	0
I met Mr. Griffin and found him to be most amiable and well spoken .	I met Mr Griffin and found him being the most friendly and well spoken.	0
Its about time we as a nation take matters into our own hands , over throw the government stop the white genocide deport all immigrants and establish a government to help indigenous white Britons rebuild this country .	It is time for us as a nation to take the matter into our own hands, to stop the white massacre, to expel all immigrants, and to establish a government that will help the indigenous white British rebuild the country.	1
When the girl starts talking the guy in the middles lips start moving .	When the girl begins to speak, the man with the middle lips starts to move.	0
That s a good site and I 'll sign up for the newsletter !	That's a good site and I'll subscribe to the newsletter!	0
Jackson 's retrial took jurors back to the events of late summer 1977 , when two widows , Vernita Curtis , 81 and Gladys Ott , 90 , were beaten and strangled to death during burglaries a week apart in a Long Beach apartment building .	Jackson’s re-trial brings the jury back to the events of the late summer of 1977, when two widows, 81-year-old Verita Curtis and 90-Year-Old Gladys Ott, were beaten and suffocated in a week-long robbery of Long Beach apartment building.	0
Yeah, seems Negroes are too stupid or too arrogant to use an existing thread , so we see a new `` we be eguptshuns an sheet '' every week or so .	Yes, it seems that black people are too stupid or too arrogant to use existing clues, so we see a new “we are gay” or so every week.	1
The whole administration of UCLA should be prosecuted as accomplices to every crime committed by quota students and unqualified foreign students whom they wrongly let in .	The entire UCLA government should be prosecuted for being complicit in every crime committed by students who mistakenly allowed entry to the quota and unqualified foreign students.	0
You should always check things like that out before taking it as the truth .	You should always check such things before you accept it as truth.	0
Don't be ridiculous !	Do not be ridiculous.	0
Norske Legion ( Norway ) - Oi !	The Norwegian Army – Oh!	0
Ta ra do re do re aye .	Come again, come again.	0
Thanks to the imported filth that , like our land under its current occupation .	Because of the imported mud, just like the land under our current occupation.	1
YouTube - Cops taser a violent drunk 12 year old Negro robbery and assault : YouTube - This kid 12 year old KO ' ing a cop with his bare hands and outrunning K-9 s for several blocks	YouTube - Police violently drunk and attacked a 12-year-old black robber : YouTube - This 12-year old boy KO'ing pulls out K-9s for a few blocks with his naked hands	0
This is another tool that you will need not that im a expert god knows I only have that ged to fall back on .	This is another tool that you don’t need a expert God knows I’ve just got a drop back.	0
Stocking up on canned goods is still a top priority .	Storage of container goods remains a priority.	0
We know they cant swim , but they might not remember that in their lust for ' dat money ' .	We know they don’t know how to swim, but they may not remember this in their desire for money.	1
There have been more people coming on this board that live in the central Wisconsin area since I have started coming on here .	Since I started coming here, more and more people have come to this board who live in the Central Wisconsin region.	0
Sounds like her instincts are good and she 's smart .	Her instinct is good and she sounds smart.	0
Protesting at a funeral ?	Protest at the funeral?	0
I dont get why having 3 kids is such a burden for white people .	I don’t understand why having three children is such a burden on white people.	0
It was ' National Song and Dance Festival ' in Estonia today and yesterday .	This is the "National Song and Dance Festival" held today and yesterday in Estonia.	0
If lies were money he would be the richest negro in the world	If the lie were money, he would be the richest black man in the world.	1
As Hispanic and Negro populations increase test score averages will decrease .	As the population of Hispanics and blacks increases, the test score averages decrease.	1
YouTube - Orthodox Celts - Star Of The County Down	← Orthodox Celts – Star of the County Down	0
In Britain ..	in Britain.	0
i'd love to learn wrestling man .	I would like to learn to fight man.	0
If you are not registered I think that maybe you will not be able to see this .	If you’re not registered I think you may not be able to see this.	0
Surely at this point you had a duty to call him out amongst all the other guests for that vile remark ?!	At this point, do you have a duty to call him for that terrible claim among all the other guests?	0
i have been using Firefox for about 6 months now. ive never looked back , IE is so slow when compared to FF	I’ve been using Firefox for about 6 months now. ive has never looked back. IE is too slow when compared to FF	0
Hubble observations were obtained on Dec. 3 , 2005 and Aug. 30 , 2006 using the Advanced Camera for Surveys .	Hubble observations were obtained using the Advanced Camera for Surveys on December 3, 2005 and August 30, 2006.	0
Fags are a big problem , they are recruiting our kids , in the schools that we pay for .	Fags are a big problem, they recruit our children, to the schools we pay for.	1
Well Marco is a German patriot and musician who , in the sick minds of ZOG , committed the heinious crime of producing music for a local school .	Marco is a German patriot and musician who committed the horrible crime of making music for local schools in the sick heart of ZOG.	1
I was hoping someone may have come across something published for his age range or reading level .	I was hoping that someone might have found something posted in his age group or reading level.	0
Before I became a Christian when I was a big fan of heavy metal I liked Old lead singer of Gathering Old female singer of Tristania ( my favorite ) 80 's pop was all pretty good too Cyndi Lauper Sanda Kim Wilde	When I was a big fan of heavy metals before I became a Christian I liked Old Lead Singer Meeting Tristan (My Favorite) 80s Pops were all very good as well as Cyndi Lauper Sanda Kim Wilde	0
It always sucks to have your heroes knocked off the pedestal you put them on .	It’s always sweet when your heroes are beaten off from the floor you’re putting them on.	0
I was only six but i remember them all being dark .	I was only six years old, but I remember they were all dark.	0
Justice for Emily	Justice in Emily's	0
It does i was unemployed for nearly 2 years in the 1980s it does drag you down .	In the 1980s, I was almost unemployed for two years, which would push you down.	0
It was built by a contractor in New England .	It was built by an employer in New England.	0
I've never heard of blacks being better at cutting weight .	I’ve never heard that black people are good at losing weight.	0
Police allege the man , described as black and between 17 and 20 , got out of his car , walked back to where Bautista was sitting and shot him .	Police claimed that a man depicted as a black man and a man between the ages of 17 and 20 came out of his car, returned to where Bautista was sitting, and shot him.	0
You would not want to die and go to heaven if Germany had won .	If Germany wins, we will not want to die and go to heaven.	0
But what do I know ?	But what does I know?	0
My name is SunofSvarog .	My name is SonofSvarog.	0
( Lives in Canada right now )	(He is currently living in Canada)	0
More black-on-white hate crime videos are posted here : http://ethniccrime.blogspot.com/p/ra...-on-video.html	More videos of black and white hate crimes are posted here: http://ethniccrime.blogspot.com/p/ra...-on-video. html	0
I 'm 5 ' 7 " , pudgy with a gut and soft muscles , and I 've wrestled and over-powered bigger , ripped black guys and submitted them .	I’m 5’7′′, a puddy with intestines and soft muscles, and I fought, smashed the black guys, became bigger, and submitted them.	0
Yes, it is a symbol in the past and has no place in the present because when it is used for the advancement of white nationalism it proves to only hold us back so thus it shouldn t be used and should go down in history where it belongs .	Yes, it’s a symbol of the past, and it doesn’t have a place in the present, so when it is used for the advance of white nationalism, it has only been proven to stop us, so it should not be used by it, and should go into history where it belongs.	0
As for Satan , the word comes from a root word meaning ' adversary ' and as such it should not be taken as to imply a singular being but rather anyone of an adverse nature , in a word , an opponent .	As for Satan, the word comes from the root word meaning “enemy,” and therefore it should not mean a single being, but rather a person of hostile character, the enemy.	0
First post on Stormfront .	This is the first post at Stormfront.	0
This was on the news tonight and I thought WTF Is this some kind of joke , I 'm sick of the West taking in the Worlds garbage	This was tonight’s news and I thought WTF was a joke, but I’m tired of the West taking up the world’s garbage.	0
When she goes outside , the subhuman ape thing is usually out there .	When she goes out, the subhuman monkeys are usually outside.	1
YouTube - Broadcast Yourself .	YouTube – Broadcast your own.	2
4 years I think , give or take a month or so .	Four years I think, give or take a month.	0
Immigrants will go to White countries for other reasons than just economics .	Immigrants go to the white countries for reasons other than just economic reasons.	0
Their lies are so thick and many that people do n't see the truth when it is in front of them !	Their lies are so thick and numerous that people don’t see the truth when it’s in front of them!	1
Liberals change the facts to fit their deluded narrative , intelligent people change the narrative to fit the facts .	Liberals change facts to match their wrong stories, intelligent people change stories to match the facts.	1
The Boers will be free in their Volkstaat by then and they can show us how their ancestors carved a civilization outta nothing	The Boers will then be free in their Volkstaat and they will be able to show us how their ancestors sculpted a civilization above nothing.	0
This is where their `` I 'm a bad ass , I can do whatever I want '' attitute comes from .	That’s why their “I’m a bad ass and I can do anything I want” attitude comes from.	0
This is just some horny dumb kid .	This is just a stupid, crazy child.	0
It figures that the leftist mob that the media supports created all the violence .	It shows that the leftist crowd that supports the media has created all violence.	0
Lol ( obviously not 90s .. but it would be 50 up here and 30 in Florida .	Lol (obviously not the 90s... but it will be 50 to here and 30 to Florida.	0
There are tons of threads and posts about Home Schooling on SF .	There are tons of topics and home school posts on SF.	0
Absolute Vodka as a company is anti White as they 're a sponsor for RuPaul 's Drag race and a huge advocate for the LGBT community as well as is the first company to ever sponsor a gay party back in the 70 's : Behind the Scenes of Absolut Vodka Cocktail Perfected - YouTube	Absolute Vodka as a company is anti-white as they are a sponsor of RuPaul's Drag Race and a huge sponsor for the LGBT community and the first company to sponsor a gay party in the 1970s : Behind the scenes of Absolute-Vodka Cocktail Perf	0
Don't care much for football these days and sincerely hope that the team called England get a hiding but i will be wearing my new Serbia shirt during the tournament.COME ON SERBIA DO US PROUD !	Nowadays I don’t care much about football and I sincerely hope that a team called England can hide it, but I’ll wear a new Serbian shirt during the tournament.	0
Freehold !!!	It is freelance!!	0
There is already hundreds of threads about blacks and violence , why have you decided to open up a new thread about it ?	There are already hundreds of themes on Negroes and violence, why did you decide to open a new topic on it?	0
Watching and reading between the lines of the libtard media over the past few days , I think they are very nervous indeed .	Looking at and reading between the lines of the libtard media in recent days, I think they’re really nervous in fact.	0
Black people are the biggest pawns ever everyone uses them for crime they are always the fall guy.Italian mob uses them to do the dirty work the mexicans use them the japanese use them and the chinese.Now who should know whos name ?	The blacks are the greatest pedestrians of all time, they all use them for crime, they are always the man of the fall.The Italian crowd uses them to do dirty work, the Mexicans use them by the Japanese and the Chinese.	1
HELLO, Angel , just wanted to say hi i live in cal but e mail me if you want to . white on sister 9	Hi Angel, I just wanted to say hello, I live in Carl, but email me if you want.	0
There's a place for Poles , it 's called Poland .	There is a place for the Poles, it's called Poland.	1
Bbut they are creeping in slowly seeing more and more these days .	However, they are slowly becoming able to see more and more things these days.	1
You are thinking there 's something else in their European blood but it 's only genetic variation .	You think there’s something different in their European blood, but it’s just a genetic variation.	0
My gut tells me the percentage of legal minority gun owners is pretty small .	My stomach tells me that the percentage of total owners of a legal minority is quite small.	0
So very few compared to the tens of millions who have done nothing to advance society .	Very few compared to tens of millions of people who did nothing to advance society.	0
INTJ Introvert ( 89 % ) iNtuitive ( 25 % ) iNtuitive Thinking ( 50 % ) Judging ( 67 % ) You have strong preference of Introversion over Extraversion ( 89 % ) You have moderate preference of Intuition over Sensing ( 25 % ) You have moderate preference of Thinking over Feeling ( 50 % ) You have distinctive preference of Judging over Perceiving ( 67 % )	INTJ Introvert ( 89 % ) Intuitive ( 25 % ) iIntuitive thinking ( 50 % ) Judgment ( 67 % ) You have a strong preference for introversion versus extraversion ( 89% ) you have a moderate preference to intuition versus sensation ( 25%) You have an moderate priority for thinking versus feeling ( 50% ) You had a special preference of judgment versus perception	0
But I`m also sceptical for this story .	I am also skeptical about this story.	0
It's good to see an educational institution that maintains its values and refuses to bow down in the name of `` progress . ''	It is good to see educational institutions that maintain their values and refuse to give up in the name of “progress”.	0
If I knew that it would be used for what I sent it for then I would not have a problem giving money but trust is the main key there .	If I knew it would be used for what I sent it, then I would have no problem giving money, but trust is the primary key.	0
Einherjer88@hotmail.com	Starting page88@gmail.com →	0
See, South Africa is just a glimpe into OUR future , as the beasts of Memphis run it directly into the ground .	See, South Africa is just the cave of our future, as the animals of Memphis push it directly to the ground.	1
I have a bunch more pics if anyone wants to see ' em. just drop me an email .	I have a lot of more photos if someone wants to see. just leave me an email.	0
they sent many of the irish immigrants over hundreds of years ago during one of the first ever drafts I beleive .	They sent many Irish immigrants hundreds of years ago in one of the first projects I experienced.	0
I ca n't wait to move to an area where I can be surrounded by racist white folks with guns .	I can’t wait to move to a place where I could be surrounded by racist white men with guns.	0
From your post it seems you see no future for SA or any other white country ?	From your post, does it seem that you do not see a future for the SA or other white nations?	0
It's best to ignore individuals like that .	It is better to ignore people like that.	0
I hope they continue .	We hope they will continue.	0
Well, lets just hope she does n't get thrown onto the same pyre that she wants to burn antisemitic books on .	Well, just hoping she’t get thrown into the same lawn she wanted to burn anti-Semitic books on.	0
I think this video is inappropriate for children .	I think this video is not suitable for children.	0
It is nearing the end of 2013 , so soon I will be starting a thread for the new year .	It is close to the end of 2013, and we are planning to start the new year soon.	0
Now , if you have an old beater to play with ....	Well, if you have an old slot that you can play with...	0
Well , there goes the dino-dong theory , down the memory , I mean the water hole ... sorry	Well, go the theory of dino-dong, below the memory, I mean the water hole...	0
This is ARKANSAS they have no right to smell up my place with their chinese restaurant BO ~ ▲ RESTORE ORDER ▲ ~	This is ARKANSAS they do not have the right to smell up my place with their Chinese restaurant.	1
I became a revisionist after going to Auschwitz 1 and 2 .	I became a revisionist when I went to Auschwitz 1 and 2.	0
Let 's deal with the non-whites first Congrats on you finding love	Let's Converge With Non-Whites First When You Find Love	0
I am sure California is full of sick self hating whites , who think that for the good of all the black brown and yellow peoples of the world , whites need to commit racial suicide and disappear from their face of the earth for their sake and wo n't that be just dandy !	I am confident that California is full of sick self-hating whites who, for the benefit of all the black brown and yellow nations in the world, commit racial suicide and think they need to disappear from the face of the earth for them.	1
The students should be able to express themselves .	Students should have the ability to express themselves.	0
The `` big boy toy '' is an English built Moore and Harris caplock double in .69/12g.	“Big Boy Toys” is an English-built Moore and Harris’ double-head, at.69/12g.	0
They are beating each other to death everywhere , just look what they do to each other in Africa .	They are fighting to kill each other everywhere, and see what they do to each other in Africa.	1
No,, they knew exactly what they did .	No, they knew precisely what they were doing.	0
This video is just plain hilarious .	The video is simply hilarious.	0
Streicher posed as a rabbi , then took her money -- promising to use it to purchase a torah , but instead pocketing it , a jury found in convicting him of grand larceny in April .	Streicher presented himself as a rabbi, then took his money, promising to use it to buy a Torah, but instead of putting it in his pocket, a jury found him in the grand sentence in April.	0
There are London areas that could be described as nothing less than little islamic republics .	There are areas in London that can be described as small Islamic republics.	1
Until you do , anything that you write is worthless to read .	Until you do, everything you write is not worth reading.	0
Not to mention the fact that I had never heard of it anywhere before .	Not to mention that I have never heard of it before.	0
Like I have always said and will say till my dying day and beyond .	As I always say, and I will continue to say until the day I die, and afterwards.	0
That or they where just lazy and did n't want to digg two graves for a fallen soldier .	That or they were there just lazy, not wanting to harvest two tombs for a collapse soldier.	0
Maybe the subject line for this thread was supposed to say , `` The first black US president was a muslim '' ?	Per the theme of this thread was meant to say: “The first black president of the United States was a Muslim”?	0
Pizza Delivery Driver Shot In Parking Lot - Oklahoma City News Story - KOCO Oklahoma City Teen Found Guilty in Murder of Pizza Delivery Driver - News9.com - Oklahoma City , OK - News , Weather , Video and Sports |	Pizza Delivery Driver Shot In Parking Lot - Oklahoma City News Story - KOCO Oklahuoma City Teen Was Found Guilty in the Killing of the pizza delivery driver - News9.com - Oklashuama City, OK - News, Weather, Video & Sports	0
Czynski ! 5122	By the way! 5122	0
Visit http://HolocaustHandbooks.com today	Visit HTTP://HolocaustHandbook.com today	0
Rapper Kanye West caught pooping at the empire state building .	Rapper Kanye West hit the Empire Building.	0
Please comment .	Please make a comment.	0
Thanks to everyone who listened to the radio show last night and apologies for the delay ( it was blocked by ubroadcast for a time ) .	Thanks to all those who listened to the radio show last night and apologize for the delay (it was blocked by the Ubroadcast for a while)	0
Hi, new to the site , saw your message , i live in Aurora and would like to meet some good ppl here , Brian	Hi, new to the site, I see your message, I live in Aurora and I would like to know some good ppl here, Brian	0
There should not be problems between the different classes inside the race white since we are all whites they should be joined to fight against non-whites they are our enemies .	There should be no problem between the different classes within the white race, because we are all white, and they should unite against non-whites who are our enemies.	1
The gift that keeps giving .	This is the gift that continues to give.	0
I cannot say that I am happy about supporting welfare mothers , but I can firmly say that I prefer supporting a welfare mother than a murder-clinic .	I can’t say I’m delighted to support a welfare mother, but I can firmly say that I’d rather support a well-being mom than a murder clinic.	0
English : I do n't know one nationalist .	English: I don't know a nationalist.	0
Sometimes these things happen.You can always report it to your credit card company and get a reimbursement from them .	Sometimes these things happen and you can always report to your credit card company and get a refund from them.	0
Shockley 's attempts to commercialize a new transistor design in the 1950s and 1960s led to California 's `` Silicon Valley '' becoming a hotbed of electronics innovation .	Shockley’s attempts to commercialize new transistor designs in the 1950s and 1960s made California’s “Silicon Valley” a hot spot for electronic innovation.	0
It was so good !	It has been so good!	0
Defeats the bloody object of having an ignore facility if one reads the thread , doh , Pray all you want my God wont count ' em	If you read, ignore the facilities, beat the blood objects, doh, and pray all you want my God does not count'em	0
It 's `` Brits Out - Everyone Else In '' with them .	It’s “Brits Out – All the Others in” with them.	0
They were behind his crucifixion and amongst themselves admit to it .	They stood behind his cross and acknowledged it among themselves.	0
According to the Russian census there are only some tens of thousands of Chinese in Russia , but it is thought that groups like the Chinese avoided inclusion in the census .	According to the Russian census, there are only a few tens of thousands of Chinese in Russia, but groups like the Chinese are thought to have avoided inclusion.	0
Note no mention of part four .	Part 4 is not mentioned.	0
Retro Grouch post of the day ! multispeed bmx 's and 3 speed freewheels , continued. geared BMX bikes - BMX Society community forums Here ` a 3 speed freewheel ( similar design ) on a BMX hub ( was a single-speed freewheel hub ) , in a BMX frame , with added rear derailer .	Retro Grouch post of the day! multispeed bmx's and 3 speeds freewheels, continued. geared BMX bicycles - BMX Society forums Here ` a 3 speed freewheel ( similar design ) in a BMX hub ( it was a single speed hub freewhel ), in an BMX frame, with an added retro derailer.	0
I just hope it will be a wake up call for those who dont believe in our cause .	I hope this will be a call to awakening for those who do not believe in our cause.	0
Finally going to make it up there in the end of the summer !	We will finally do it here at the end of the summer!	0
Seems that an old proverb about dogs and fleas comes to mind here .	It seems that here comes to mind an old saying about dogs and fleas.	0
I need them to build a little fort around me at night .	They need to build a small fortress around me at night.	0
Excellent Article !! * * * * * Why Were n't They In Jail ?	Wonderful article! * * Why were you not in jail?	0
The remoteness and weather is not desirable to them .	The distance and the weather are not desirable for them.	0
no, no. the immigrants stayed out of the ROI until taoiseach charlie haughey opened up our economy in the early 1990s .	Immigrants remained out of the ROI until the Taoiseach Charlie Haughey opened our economy in the early 1990s.	0
The muslims have ultra strict racialist private schools the world over ; why do n't whites ?	Muslims around the world have ultra-strict racist private schools; why not whites?	0
Pretty bad when you have to hide yourself or your identity in a supposedly free country .	Pretty bad when you have to hide yourself, or your identity, in an supposedly free country.	0
I 've also noticed that lazy whites tend to side with them too .	I also noticed that lazy white people tended to be on their side.	0
I wonder what these race mixers are thinking ?	I wonder, what are these race mixers thinking?	0
If we got rid of all Asians in the country Canada would be massively white .	If we eliminated all the Asians in this country, Canada would be extremely white.	0
An AR10 is a weapon that 9/10 of those who own , myself included , do not have even half the range time or training with to actually use to it 's capabilities .	AR10 is a weapon in which nine-tenths of people, including myself, don’t even have half the range of time or training to actually use.	0
These high school curriculums are more about encouraging white girls to hate white males , not other males .	These high school programs are more on encouraging white girls to hate white men, and not others	0
Or maybe they didnt because your friend took action and thats a good thing we should all take action .	Or they may have done because your friend has taken action, and that’s a good thing we all should do.	0
That was my conclusion .	This is my conclusion.	0
her is another relatively good maths resource http://www.youtube.com/user/khanacademy the videos cover a wide range of topics. ( i know ... ' khan ' .... but what ever helps )	her is another relatively good math resources http://www.youtube.com/user/khanacademy the videos cover a wide range of topics.	0
I 'm surprised that on national television they let to be broadcast such a politically incorrect video .	I am surprised that on the national television they allow such a political wrong video to be broadcast.	0
I have no intention of ever setting foot in Mexico so I 'll have to take your word for it .	I’ve never intended to walk in Mexico, so I’ll have to take your word for that.	0
My friend lives in Gdansk and he told me almost everyone in his city was white with the exception of some foreign students and a Chinese man who owns a dive bar .	My friend lives in Gdansk, and he said that almost everyone in his city is white, except for a few foreign students and the Chinese who owned a diving bar.	0
I ca n't find an actual picture of it anywhere , but there 's lots of references to it .	I can't find any real photos anywhere, but there are a few references.	0
They get to see thousands of years of History and Culture and Bloodlines destroyed .	They see thousands of years of history and culture and blood lines being destroyed.	0
16	sixteen	0
Predictions have been forecast at around 2060-2090 .	Forecasts were forecast for 2060-2090.	0
And since I 'm not really Sture Allén or Horace Engdahl I ca n't say if it 's in Svenska Akademins Ordlista .	And since I’m not really Sture Allén or Horace Engdahl, I can’t say if it’s in the Dictionary of Svenska Akademins.	0
I - hate - to see men of all ages wearing baseball caps in inappropriate environments .	I hate to see men of all ages wearing a baseball hat in an inappropriate environment.	0
I just realised how much anti Russian propaganda is on the internet in the last week or two .	I just realized how much anti-Russian propaganda has been on the internet in the past week or two.	0
I heard that so many times that the KKK was huge here back in the day .	I’ve heard so many times that the KKK was huge here that day.	0
: P + from someone else to Csabi : `` So according to Csabi romanians listen to hungarian music ?	P+ of someone else at Csabi: “So, according to Csabi, do the Romanians listen to Hungarian music?	0
I considered it being `` ethnically cleansed '' from my childhood home	I thought it was “racial cleansing” in my childhood home.	1
I'm 6 ' 1 " , my wife was 5 ' 4 " , I dunno if that counts as tall vs short .	I’m 6 “1” and my wife is 5 “4” and I don’t know if this counts as high and short.	0
No one was eating cow dung when the Whites ran it and it was called Rhodesia .	When the White ran it, no one ate cow, and it was called Rhodesia.	0
Deliberately trying to eliminate an identifiable group is an attempt to commit geNOcide under the Law of Common Sense .	A deliberate attempt to eradicate an identifiable group is a try to engage the genocide under the law of common sense.	0
In reality they have no money and it is all a charade .	In fact, they don’t have money, and that’s all a joke.	1
Welcome to the fight .	Welcome into the fight.	0
You will know it is a nightmare on day you wake up and you have a black muslim running your country .	You will know that this is a nightmare day, you wake up, you have a black Muslim going in your country.	1
Id recommend woman use their long nails to gauge out the eyes and throat , and stick their finger up their noses .	Id recommends that women use their long nails to measure their eyes and neck and put their fingers on their nose.	1
Har taget en HH-eksamen på handelsskolen i Nyborg .	I have taken a HH-examen at the handelsskolen in Nyborg.	2
Well atleast the guy was 64 years old , hopefully he 's too old to bear any half caste children with that Filipina woman .	Well, at least this man is 64 years old, and he hopes he’ll be too old to have a half-caste child with this Filipino woman.	1
YouTube - Hail Combat 18 YouTube - Shebeen - Fields Of Athenry ( Garvaghy Road ) !	YouTube - Hail Combat 18 YouTube - Shebeen - The Field of Athens (Garvaghy Road )!	0
Campbell 's Biology and Wade 's organic chemistry for example .	Campbell's biology and Wade's organic chemistry, for example.	0
why do you white nationalist try to spread fear in blacks saying that the jews do not care for them. jews are the reason affirmative action is in place which allows us to take your jobs. jews are the reason so many blacks have become rich including myself. so why do you think their just using us ? jews are your enemy and so are we so what you feel you need to do is make your enemy against each other. is that right. you want blacks against the jews. well guess what , not goinna happen. the jews needs blacks as much as blacks need the jews and together they are a force to be recon with .	Why do you have a reason why white nationalists want to spread fear to blacks?That’s why Jews say that Jews don’t care about them.Jewish people have reasons why we can take your jobs.Why do Jews have so many blacks getting rich, including me.So why do you think they just use us?Jews are your enemies and so what we feel you should do is make enemies against each other.You want blacks against Jews.	0
i have always wanted to be a cop and will become one its only the bad anti skinhead cops that piss me off.I think being a cop is one of the best WN jobs in the fact that your cleaning up the streets	I’ve always wanted to be a police officer and it’s going to be one of the only bad police officers that bother me.I think being a Police officer is one of WN’s best work in the fact that it cleanses the streets.	0
He sort of looks like an English football player or is that a French football player ?	Will he look like a British footballer or a French footballer?	0
Went outside for recess , and noticed two niglet boys being hostile and ready to rumble , and I figured right that they jumped on each other after returning to class , grabbing Niglet Number One , hauling him outside and pressed that panic button again .	Going back, I noticed that two little boys were hostile, ready to jump, and I correctly imagined they jumped each other after returning to the classroom, catching the Niglet Number One, pulling him out, and again pressing the panic button.	1
That little one is adorable !	This little man is cute!	0
Yeah, it surprised me .	Yes, that surprised me.	0
1.	1 to	0
PDF file : http://www.mediafire.com/download/4w18ocon384cx6c/WN-Debate-Booklet+12-09-13.pdfMSWordfile:http://www.mediafire.com/download/7ic1n7oq7jidz22/WN-Debate-Booklet + 12-09-13.docx Watch the 10 hour video version of `` The Zionist Attack on Western Civilization '' @ http://trutube.tv/video/14247/The-Zionist-Attack-on-Western-Civilization-Pages-1-33-Part-1-of-4-Banned-from-YouTubeNotepadPromotionalYouTubeComment:http://www.mediafire.com/download/96fg6ft02lyfruz/Booklet _ White _ YT _ Comment _ ( Hyperlinked ) .txt http://www.mediafire.com/download/zcn3wozjbwnezms/Booklet-White-YT-Comment- ( Hyperlinked-Back-Up % 5D.txt http://www.mediafire.com/view/9uyudq1yuxu1dur/Booklet+Comment+%28Firefox%29.txtOriginal2minutepromotionalBOOKLETvideo@http://www.youtube.com/watch ? v = n663eVTSyS8 Are you interested in helping spread the booklet download link across the world ?	PDF file : http://www.mediafire.com/download/4w18ocon384cx6c/WN- discussion-books+12-09-13.pdfMSWordfile:http://www.mediafire.com/ download/7ic1n7oq7jidz22/ WN - discussion - books + 12-09-12.docx viewing 10 early video version of '' Western Civilization Jewish Attack '' @ http://tr.tv/video/14247/The-Zionist-Attack-on-Western-Civilization-Pages-1-33-Part-1-of-4-Banned-from-YouTubeNotepadPromotionalYouTubeComment:http.www.fire.media/download/96glyfletBook _tweet_tweet _touch_touch _two_t	0
Let 's see it get down to zero !	Let’s see how it goes to zero!	0
The black gene always comes out to be the dominant gene .	The black genes are always the dominant genes.	0
Hey I know I am too old for you but I just wanted to say I saw your picture & I think your cute .	Hey, I know I'm too old for you, but I just wanted to say I've seen your picture and I think you're sweet.	0
It is 85 % Black and latin American .	It is made up of 85% black and Latin Americans.	3
I feel very sorry for the families of such Jews as Art Katz because he would preach to them over and over again about how Jesus died for the Jew first while at the same time shoving his non-Jewish wife into their faces .	I am very regreting the Jewish families like Art Katz, as he would constantly tell them how Jesus died for the Jews while throwing his non-Jewish wife on their faces.	0
I wish everyone would leave them to their own demise so we can be done with it .	I wish each of them left them to their own destruction so that we can end it.	1
`Interesting' to see someone of the same radio outfit to praise this figure , while there was an amazing show dedicated to uncovering the facts regarding this anti-German filth .	It’s “fun” to see people in the same radio suit praise the figure, while there’s a stunning show dedicated to uncovering the facts about this anti-German dirty.	1
I believe , judging from your other posts , that you belong more towards the back .	If I judge from your other posts, I believe you belong more to the back.	0
14/88	13 / 88	0
One of the greatest of all time , and one of my personal favorites. portrait by French artist Eugene Delacroix .	One of the greatest of all time and one of my personal favourites. portrait of the French artist Eugene Delacroix.	0
Put the mudraces in their own countries , build a fence around them and wait a decade or two , and soon they 'll be back to the state we found them in , with their numbers decimated by their diseases and wars .	Put them in their own country, build a fence around them, wait a decade or two, and they will soon return to the state we found, their number destroyed by their disease and war.	1
[ COLOR = `` Red '' ] FOREVER WHITE AND PROUD TON	[Color= “Red” ] Always white and yellow	0
It's really good to see that the people of Northern Ireland will not tolerate any $ hit or problems from foreigners .	It’s really good that people in Northern Ireland won’t tolerate any money or problems from foreigners.	0
Those nogs in France do n't belong there and then they show how unruly they can be .	Those crows in France don’t belong there, and then they show how anarchic they are.	1
Is that overweight fat useless bitch blind ?	Is this useless blind man too fat?	1
im sorry about being a bitch.i was just hurt.hope you find your talk with someone.ifyouwant to talk to someone who is trying to get their degrees pm me on sf or im me on aol aryan14words@aol.com or yahoo whiteqt242002 christy88	I'm sorry to be a bitch.i was just hurt.hope you find your conversation with someone.ifyouwant to talk to someone who is trying to get your degrees pm me in sf or im me in aol aryan14words@aol.com or yahoo whiteqt242002 christy88	0
There should be no integration of immigrants with Irish culture .	There should not be any integration of immigrants with the Irish culture.	1
I just wanted to pop in and say that I wish you in Ireland the best and sincerely hope that Ireland is n't too far gone before enough people wake up , see what is happening , stop it and preserve Ireland .	I just wanted to jump in and say, I wish you the best in Ireland, and sincerely hope Ireland will not be too far until enough people wake up to see what happened, stop it and protect Ireland.	0
Read the earlier posts and see that there are still lots of non-whites coming to Denmark .	Read the previous post and see that still a lot of non-white people are coming to Denmark.	0
Long time no post , Turbo , good to see you back .	There has been no post for a long time, Turbo, good to see you again.	0
No .	not.	0
Karina Sørensen er medlem af økontaktudvalget .	Karina Sørensen is a member of the Contact Committee.	2
I'd start with Justin and all the living Prime Ministers , I would even have Trudeau seniors corpse pulled out from the wall of the family mauseleum and decapitated for good measure .	I would start with Justin and all the living prime ministers, and I would even pull the bodies of the old Trudeau out of the walls of the family tomb and be cut down to the appropriate extent.	0
You realize you are not going to be convincing any loyal board members to the terrific joys of diversity and the cultural enrichment that say the Somali Muslim refugees are bringing to White communities .	You realize that you will not convince any member of the loyal council of the terrible joys of the diversity and cultural enrichment that Somali Muslim refugees bring to white communities.	0
Mistreat ( Finland ) - Oi ! ( This band is great !! )	Mistreat ( Finland ) – Oi! ( This band is great! )	0
How old are you ?	What age are you?	0
My mother was a teacher and a fair while back thought colored folks were wonderful misunderstood creatures but after teaching a majority non white class for a couple of years she no longer thinks they are all that great	My mother was a teacher and thought colorful people were wonderful misunderstood creatures, but after years of teaching non-white classes, she didn’t think they were so great anymore.	0
It appears that once again Ireland has saved Europe and possibly the entire western world .	It seems that Ireland has once again saved Europe, and the entire Western world.	0
They are scum , they are traitors .	They are scammers, they are traitors.	1
because they deserve at least a taste of it for helping the white liberals and Jews push it on us I do n't think we should allow it to destroy them though .	Because they deserve it, because they helped the white liberals and Jews to push it on us, I don’t think we should allow it to destroy them.	1
What a maniacal & satanically twisted group Bush has hitched his wagon to .	What a manic and satanistically turned Bush group hit his wagon.	0
Blue eyed Devils are really good as well .	Blue-eyed demons are also very good.	0
I would not even entertain myself with his so called work it 's all trash and does n't being with the WN movement .	I’m not going to even have fun with his so-called work, it’s garbage and not with the WN movement.	0
I twice went to their concert in the Olympic Stadium in Moscow - in 2010 and 2012 .	I attended their concerts at the Moscow Olympic Stadium twice - in 2010 and 2012.	0
Completed over two years ago with a certificate , I attended the University of Pittsburgh and finished at Kansas State University , both nationally ranked universities .	Graduated with a certificate more than two years ago, I attended the University of Pittsburgh and graduated from Kansas State University, both nationally ranked universities.	0
I believe Abraham 's faith was tested by God when he asked him to sacrifice Isaac , the quran falsely claims it was Ishmael .	I believe that Abraham's faith was tested by God, and when he asked him to sacrifice Isaac, the false Quran claims that it was Islam.	0
I see nothing wrong at all with Dr. Duke selling his book.He has dedicated years and many long hours to this cause and maybe you should rethink your statement .	I see nothing wrong with Dr Duke who sells his book.He has spent years and a lot of long hours on this cause and you should think about your statement.	0
the think different video is excellent. when i watch videos like this i get a warm nostalgic feeling inside , must be similar to my mum when she watches gone with the wind or doctor zhivago	When I watched such a video I got a warm nostalgia feeling inside and must be like my mom when she watched go with the wind or the doctor zhivago	0
Aren't u tired of ur propaganda ??	Are you tired of propaganda?	0
http://www.greatschools.org/cgi-bin/ ... r/855#students 99 % negro .	HTTP: www.greatschools.org/cgi-bin/... r/855# Students are 99% black.	3
On other hand , Armenians is nearly 98 % Armenian , so if indeed all of non-white ones are assimilated gypsies , kurds , Assyrians etc. well then Armenians cannot be called white nation then , can they ?	On the other hand, the Armenians are almost 98% Armenian, so if in fact all non-white people are assimilated to the Gypsies, Kurds, Assyrians, etc. Well, then the Armenian cannot be called a white nation then, then, they can not be called white nation.	0
We will never understand the pain they must have felt .	We will never understand what pain they have had to have felt.	0
I do feel for the Croatian people and I have come across some of them on the internet and they seem to be a decent people and I have also came across the Serbs who seem to jump into bed with loyalists .	I have feelings for the Croatian people, I have met some people on the Internet who seem to be decent people, and I have also met Serbs who appear to have jumped into bed with loyalists.	0
``Thebest thing to do is stand there and look them straight in their eyes with the NO FEAR stare and wait for them to throw their signature haymaker . ''	“The best thing to do is to stand there and look at them directly in their eyes, without being afraid, and wait until they hit their signature.”	0
Sadly, virtually every parent on this site will have to have their children experience that , as it is , without forcing them to experience it unnecesserily .	Unfortunately, almost all parents on this site need to have their child experience without forcing them to experience it unnecessarily.	0
I think we need to stand our ground and send our enemies away .	I think we must stand on our land and drive out our enemies.	0
Can i suggest some of the locals get up of their behinds and lets these traitors know that this anti-white festival is not welcome in their town 828	I can suggest some of the local people stand up from the back and inform these betrayers that this anti-white festival is not welcomed in their city.	1
hey, im from manhattan. its really rough havin beliefs like us and living in a city like new york. if anybody would like to meet or talk to a white nationalist , neo-confederate , klansman , teenager from manhattan , just email me sk8terxxl@aol.com	Hi, from Manhattan im. It is really rough havin belief that we live in the same city as New York. If someone wants to meet white nationalists, neo-confederates, clanmen, teenagers of manhattan, just email me sk8terxxl@a	0
the father said on the news this morning the church has already told him they would appel the verdict and if they lost again they would just file bankruptcy and he wouldnt see a dime !	Father said in the news this morning that the church had told him that they would appeal the verdict and that if they lost again, they would only apply for bankruptcy and he would not see a penny!	0
Poor kid If you can swing it folks also get a good guard breed dog .	Worse child If you can do it, people also get a good guard dog.	0
Dr. Duke really drives into the nerve center of communism in this video clip .	Dr. Duke really leads to the nervous center of communism in this video.	0
Beefcake ? s Bootcamp | White GeNOcide Project	Beefcake’s Bootcamp, White GeNOcide Project	0
So now Stormfront Ireland is solely responsible for all racist attacks in Ireland. lol Ted is right this is the work of the Kikes those * * * * ers are never happy .	So now Stormfront Ireland is solely responsible for all the racist attacks in Ireland. lol Ted is right, that’s the work of the Kikes who * * * never are happy.	1
YouTube - Black savages bake puppy alive !!	YouTube: Black Savages Eat Dogs Alive!!	0
Thanks !	Thank you!	0
Welfare .	of welfare.	0
I did n't mean to kill this thread with that looooooooooooong post .	I didn't mean killing this thread with that looooooooong post.	0
Some of it is kind of hard to follow , as the japanese have interesting ideas about relationships , dialogue and making ( no ) sense in general .	Some are difficult to follow because the Japanese have interesting ideas about relationships, dialogue, and (no) meaning in general.	0
The Diversity Dinner : Breaking Bread & Barriers - YouTube A lot of good comments on this video though , if you have a youtube account feel free to leave a comment on there .	The Diversity Dinner: Breaking Bread & Barriers - YouTube This video has a lot of good comments, but if you have a YouTube account, feel free to leave a comment there.	0
I only just got done reading about it presumably after it was already wrapped up , and the cake cut .	I was probably able to read about it after it was already packed, and I was cutting the cake.	0
well since we have all of us from phoenix lets exchange numbers and meet up dont laugh at the email addy it was a joke hehe pure _ tattooed _ white _ trash@yahoo.com	Well, because we’re all allowed to exchange numbers from Phoenix and don’t laugh at email addy, it’s a joke hehe pure _ tattoo _ white _ trash@yahoo.com	0
Was .	It was	0
My Kansas ancestors got by during the Great Depression without eating cow dung , and everything was covered in dust then .	My Kansas ancestors did not eat cattle during the great depression, and everything was covered by dust.	0
Well I guess it was bound to happen .	I think it had to happen.	0
I know they live in Germany .	And I know they are living in Germany.	0
Why do people care about football ?	Why do people worry about football?	0
hey everyone , i dont know really where to post this , but im new to the board and would just like to say hello to everyone. so ... hello !	Hi everyone, I really don’t know where to post this, but I’m new to the board and just want to greet everyone.	0
The day I 'm told I have to get something put under my skin or a tattoo of something I do n't want on my body is the day I move to Europe	The day I’m told I have to put something under my skin, or the day I get a tattoo of something I don’t want on my body, is the day that I migrate to Europe.	0
That is one Ugly Picture !!	This is a horrible picture!!	0
Just came from that nonsense posting Did my part .	It was my role that came from that stupid post.	0
Yes that game is pretty good its truly 100 % negroid killing action aka mini RAHOWA But i would like to see a expansion set of it ........................ next mission in harlem : laugh that would be perfect then .	Yes, this game is quite good that it really is 100% black murder action aka mini RAHOWA but I want to see the set to expand it............................ the next mission of Harlem: laugh, it will be perfect.	1
Happy Holidays From Discover Kalispell - YouTube Christmas Lights in Kalispell , MT - YouTube Christmas Lights in Kalispell , MT - YouTube Christmas Music Kalispell Mt - YouTube	Happy Holidays From Discover Kalispell - YouTube Christmas Lights in Kalispel, MT - YouTube Music Christmas in Kalispel, Mt - Youtube	0
I am in Southern Georgia now but still open to other possibilities .	I am in South Georgia now, but I am still open to other possibilities.	0
i'm new to the missiouri ozarks. looking for aryans to talk to , and aryan princesses to meet. i 'm from texas	I'm new to the ozarks of Missouri. looking for Arians to talk, and Arian princesses to meet.	0
When I hear the term `` American '' , I think of yahoos who are every color of the rainbow and who start wars in the Middle East for Israel 's benefit .	When I hear the word “American,” I think of all the rainbow-coloured Yahoos and start a war in the Middle East for the interests of Israel.	1
A better board is going to be more likely to recieve donations .	Better boards will be more likely to receive donations.	0
These are the latest statistics , Ethnic groups : Irish 87.4 % , other white 7.5 % , Asian 1.3 % , black 1.1 % , mixed 1.1 % , unspecified 1.6 % ( 2006 census ) , so even if that seven percent was all poles , if you add up all the mud races , it would be equivalent .	These are the most recent statistics, ethnic groups: Irish 87.4%, other whites 7.5%, Asian 1.3%, black 1.1%, mixed 1.1%, unspecified 1.6%, so even if those seven percent were all the poles, if you add all the mud breeds, that	1
Beautiful, I 'm so glad it went well .	Beautiful, I am glad that everything went well.	0
David ( SS )	by David (SS)	0
It would be an excellent accessory for any for any room in the house .	It will be a great accessory suitable for any room in the house.	0
we had somebody there to monitor this protest they had around 13 people there despite their claims that they usually have hundreds at their demos .	We had someone there to monitor this demonstration they, despite their claims, had about 13 people there in their demonstration,	0
I am looking for like-minded brothers and sisters in the Central New York state area who are looking to come together and form a racially aware society .	I am looking for compassionate brothers and sisters in central New York who want to unite and form a racial-conscious society.	0
Wo n't take more than a minute to do and 39 cents .	It does not take more than one minute to do, and 39 cents.	0
Teach them to be strong and healthy do not let them watch television , if you have to for some reason only let them watch good morale shows , maybe the Brady Bunch ?	Teach them to be strong and healthy, and don’t let them watch TV, if you just allow them to watch a good moral show for some reason.	0
I laugh out loud every time I see it !	Every time I see it, I laugh.	0
Fruita and Corona Seen Like Never Before | 303Cycling News Video of two mountain bikers riding in Colorado , filmed with a radio controlled helicopter .	Fruita and Corona see each other as never before 303Cycling News Video of two mountain cyclists on board Colorado, filmed with a radio-controlled helicopter.	0
There is a copy of the report somewhere in the content of this thread but I ca n't pinpoint exactly where it is .	There’s a copy of the report somewhere in the content of this thread, but I don’t know exactly where it’s.	0
It almost reads like something out of a science fiction novel .	It was almost like something read from science fiction.	0
Hey waterfall What if a mulatto looked white and claimed to be all for the survival of the white race ?	What would be if a mulatto looks white and claims that it’s all for the white race’s survival?	0
I have not head much more about it since .	Since then I have not talked much about it.	0
This is going to have to be pinned once the World Cup starts next summer .	This will be resolved after the start of the World Cup next summer.	0
Those kids get the candy from the good bowl .	These children get sweets from a good bowl.	0
All of these victims can be found here on STORMFRONT .	All those victims can be found here on Stormfront.	0
Oh, yes they will skin us alive if given the chance .	Oh, yes, if we have a chance, they will keep us alive.	1
Blacks are n't that strong .	Black people are not so strong.	0
I saw this post a few days ago ..	I watched this post a couple of days ago...	0
Can someone tell Me when I can find any mp3 of CEBEPHIbE BPATA ?	Can anyone tell me when I can find an MP3 from CEBEPHIBE BPATA?	0
In his later life , Shockley was a professor at Stanford and became a staunch advocate of eugenics .	Later in his life, Shockley became a professor at Stanford and became a firm advocate of eugenics.	0
I'm just dull sometimes ....	I am just bored sometimes.	0
I just wonder how long before obango starts bringing them here for a new life .	I wonder how long before O'Brien began to bring them here for a new life.	0
And this is why SA went from First World under Botha 's rule ( deKlerk does n't count ) to a Third World begger horde .	And that’s why SA passed from the First World under Botha’s government (deKlerk doesn’t count) to a horde of Third World beggars.	1
Greece need a man like Adolf Hitler and now is the perfect time to start a national political movement to free Your country from the zionist bankers	Greece needs a man like Adolf Hitler, and now is the perfect time to launch a national political movement to liberate your country from Jewish bankers.	1
Every major retailer in the United States has built their expansion plans on an assumption that American consumers would continue to spend at an unsustainable rate .	All major retailers in the U.S. have set up expansion plans under the assumption that U. S. consumers will spend at an unsustainable rate.	0
Join the Air Force ( Something I have in common with aclemfaal , small world ) 4 .	Join the Air Force (I have something in common with aclemfaal, a small world) 4.	0
The last paragraph of this essay talks about sticker techniques .	The last section of this essay speaks about sticker techniques.	0
I saw the movie and it was so-so .	I watched the film and it was so.	0
I also like Renoir .	I also liked Renoir.	0
Hey I 'm not really new to browsing the forums but i 've only just got his account and have decided to become more active online and in day to day life .	Hey, I’m not really new to browse the forums, but I just got his account and decided to become more active online and in everyday life.	0
So long as http://ghettobraggingrights.wordpress.com/ exists I will not only think of blacks as sub-human savage beasts with no more self-control than a rabid dog , but refer to them as such .	As long as http://ghettobraggingrights.wordpress.com/ exists, I’ll not only think that black people are underhuman wild animals, they don’t have more self-control, but they’re a miserable dog, but I’m going to take them as	1
I watch less than an hour of TV in two weeks most of the time .	I watch TV for no more than an hour in two weeks.	0
Yeah.	Yes yes!	0
It 's nice to be with like-minded individuals .	It’s great to be with people who think the same.	0
The filthy ape gave the horse an infection .	The dirty monkey gave the horse a infection.	1
It may be on a small and local scale but I contribute every day .	It can be on a small and local scale, but I take part every day.	0
NOR: Immortal , Gorgoroth , Ancient , Emperor , Einherjer , Thorns SWE : Naglfar , Bathory , Setherial , Dawn , In Aeternum , Sacramentum FIN : Impaled Nazarene , Argath , Demon Child never liked Darkthrone or Burzum ( interesting story there ..	NOR: Immortal, Gorgoroth, Ancient, Emperor, Einherjer, Thorns SWE: Naglfar, Bathory, Setherial, Dawn, In Aeternum, Sacramentum FIN: Impaled Nazarene, Argath, Demon Child never liked Darkthrone or Burzum.	0
This jew idiot is spewing nothing but propaganda .	This Jewish fool says nothing but propaganda.	1
In pictures : Inside the palace Yanukovych did n't want Ukraine to see - Telegraph	Photo: Yanukovych didn't want Ukraine to see inside the palace - Telegraph	0
She looks like she has some African blood in her , or maybe it 's just the makeup .	She seems to have a little African blood in her, or maybe it’s just makeup.	3
If it 's a true , SHTF , 72-hour BOB , you 're going to need a lot of stuff and $ 100 is n't going to cover it .	If it’s true, SHTF, a 72 hour BOB, you’ll need a lot of things and $100 won’t cover it.	0
I'm with you on that one brother. that 's why I suggested in my first post that you use Stormfront as a casual second source. the bulk of the people on here use it as a sort of Dungeons and Dragons our fantasy football league and they have no real interest in being active .	I'm with you in that one of the brothers. that's why it suggested in my first post that you use Stormfront as a second casual source. the crowd of people here use it as a kind of Dungeons and Dragons our fantasy football league and have no real interest in being active.	0
Once the blood line is mixed it is no longer white and is ruined .	When the blood flow is mixed, it is no longer white and is destroyed.	0
( Simply copy and paste the following text into your YouTube videos description boxes. )	(Just copy and paste the following text into the description boxes of your YouTube videos.)	0
Its a great piece of history to know .	This is a great historical knowledge to know.	0
Many thanks for the suggestions and pictures .	Thank you very much for the suggestions and photos.	0
well go here n click on the festival that intressting the sites in swedish but the links r to festivals in europe http://www.aftonbladet.se/vss/puls/s...,56892,00.html : cop	well go here n click on the festival that intresing sites in Swedish but r links to festivals in Europe http://www.aftonbladet.se/vss/puls/s...,56892,00.html: cop	0
( Credit : NASA , ESA , and M. Brown ) http://solarviews.com/eng/eris.htm	(Credit: NASA, ESA and M. Brown) http://solarviews.com/eng /eris.html	0
This works at Funeral Homes , too , provided there is a funeral going on .	This is also valid in a funeral home, as long as there is a burial going on.	0
If I were in the audience , I 'd clap till my hands were numb .	If I were in the hearing, I would have clap until my hands are numb.	0
They want mixed kids ?	Do we want mixed children?	0
Then maybe it 's possible that female circumcision is no worse than male circumcision if done in the way you explained .	Then it may be possible that the female circumcision is not worse than the male if it is done as you explained it.	0
No .	not.	0
And did anyone notice that the least diverse college , on that list , is a Jewish one ?	And has anyone noticed that the least diverse college on this list is Jewish?	0
I went to party school in liberal farts .	I went to the Liberal Party School.	0
Mistenkt for krigsforbrytelser , søker asyl i Norge En tsjetsjener ( 32 ) - ettersøkt for terrorhandlinger - og en libaneser ( 41 ) - mistenkt for å ha begått krigsforbrytelser - bor på asylmottak i Norge med sine familier .	En tsjetsjener ( 32 ) - ettersøkt for terrorist act - og en libaneser ( 41 ) - suspect for having committed war crimes - bor på asylmottak i Norge med sine familier	2
One thing you seemingly cannot grasp--that JEWS themselves are messiah , and their kingdom is earthly .	One thing you seem to be unable to understand—that the Jews themselves are the Messiah, and their kingdom is earthly.	1
It 's like `` The Legend Of / Vigger Charlie '' on crack .	It's like 'The Legend of / Vigger Charlie' in crack.	0
You are not that bright are you ?	Are you not so bright?	0
another coon giving out about Ireland and as if her opinion counts being second generation London jamican only means her mother was a filthy immigrant who waited till she got off the banana boat to give birth to her litter	The other child told about Ireland as if she thought it was a second-generation London Jamaican, which only meant that her mother was a dirty immigrant and she waited for her to come down from a banana boat to give birth to her garbage.	1
Well see you have gotten to first base .	I can see that you have reached the first base.	0
I 'm glad we were able to get back to NS in the NS thread .	I'm glad we could get back to the thread.	0
I 'll bump it so it 'll be easier for me to find later for reference .	I’m going to pump it so that it’s easier for me to find later for the reference.	0
Obama chooses to identify as black , and Zimmerman chooses to identify as Hispanic .	Obama chooses to recognize himself as a black man, and Jimmerman chooses that he recognizes himself as Hispanic.	0
St. Pats football teams fans use the St. Patricks Cross aswell as it being the symbol for the IRU .	St. Pats football fans use St. Patrick's Cross as the symbol of the IRU.	0
Agreed.	agreed on.	0
Do you not realize that goddamn white genicide is upon the white race ?	Do you not understand that the genocide of white people is on the white race?	0
http://www.whitewire.net/index.php ? p = 82#more-82 Who says that Dr. Pierce did n't accurately predict the future in the Turner Diaries ?	http://www.whitewire.net/index.php? p = 82#more-82 Who says that Dr. Pierce in the Turner Diaries did not accurately predict the future?	0
The White males are made out the be dumb while the Black male is made out to be the smart one of the group .	White men are stupid, while black men are smart.	0
Before I became a skingirl and before I let my hair grow once again .	Before I became a skin girl, before I made my hair grow again.	0
The pourpose of this post is not to promote an Islamic Ireland .	The purpose of this post is not to promote a Islamic Ireland.	0
My Aunt is Principal in High School and kicked an non-White Girl from the School for bad behavior .	My aunt was a high school president and kicked a non-white girl out of school for bad behavior.	0
That 's it ?	This is it?	0
As a temporary solution , the owner has put up just a question mark , which has remained until today .	As a temporary solution, the owner asked only one question, which remained to this day.	0
The innocence is gone .	Innocence has disappeared.	0
I know what gypises look like in the easten Europe i seen many of them in Lviv Ukraine begging for my food .	I know what the Gypsies in Eastern Europe look like, and I have seen many of them begging for me in Lviv Ukraine.	0
But you are most welcome anyway Ugric _ Warspirit .	But you’re the most welcome, anyway, the Ukrainian – the War Spirit.	0
I've got the book sitting on my shelf - have n't read it it .	I have the book on my shelf – I haven’t read it.	0
Three more posters ready - these are definitely anti-race-mixing !	Three more posters are ready – these are definitely anti-race mixing!	1
Do what you can to help keep Stormfront alive and growing .	Do whatever you can to keep the stormfront alive and growing.	0
I welcome you to SF and hope you make many friends here .	Welcome to SF and I hope you make a lot of friends here.	0
BTW Im led to believe that Football [ soccer ] was invented in Somalia , in about 1066 AD .	BTW Im led to the belief that football was invented in Somalia, around 1066.	0
I have read it three times and find it very interesting .	I’ve read it three times and found it very interesting.	0
I was gonna suggest an old Marlin 783 but then I remembered that it 's a .22 Mag .	I wanted to suggest an old Marlin 783, but then I remember it is a.22 Mag.	0
Negroes also do n't know how to clean guns or care about cleaning guns or gunsmithing , which will catch up to them .	The black people are also not interested in how to clean the gun or clean the weapon or shoot the gun, which will catch them.	0
evening all , i 've lurkin around for some time reading threads , etc .	All night, I’ve been walking around for a while reading the lines and so on.	0
Don't stop trying because the negro will prove you to be right .	Do not stop trying, for the Negro will prove to you that you are right.	1
I see where you are coming from .	I see from where you're coming.	0
Yep.	Oh yeah.	0
I have never heard a song by this idiot negro but the press is always talking about everything he says or does .	I’ve never heard a song about this stupid black man, but the media always talks about everything he says or does.	0
Episode 4 is out , you can watch it on 4oD : Benefits Street - 4oD - Channel 4 ( UK only ) Some of those are uploaded on YouTube now : https : //www.youtube.com/results ? filt ... fits + street % 22 Or get it here : https : //thepiratebay.se/search/benef ... treet/0/99/205 HD-720p download : https : //mega.co.nz/# ! XAsXRIbb ! 0-td1f ... v78mZxteR7K7jY ( 913 MB ) This is episode #4 of 5 total .	Episode 4 has come out, you can watch it on 4oD: Benefits Street - 4o D - Channel 4 (only in the UK ) Some of them are downloaded on YouTube now: https: //www.youtube.com/results? filt... fits + street % 22 Or get it here:https: //thepiratebay.se/search/benef... treet/0/99/205 HD-720p download: HTTPS: //mega.co.nz/#! XAsXRIbb! 0-td1f... v78mZxteR7K7jY ( 913 MB )	0
Drive and risk an accident being drunk , or walk and certainly get murdered by a kaffir ?	Driving drunk and risking an accident, or walking and probably killed by a copier?	1
I Can tell you right now if a black mob is threatening my life and burning my town I 'm going to start shooting .	I can tell you now, if a black crowd threatens my life and burns my city, I will start shooting.	1
I ca n't imagine anyone who loves their firearm would run very much steel through it .	I can’t imagine that a person who loves his gun would make a lot of steel through it.	0
Try buying some of the `` Carolus Rex '' compilations .	Buy some of the compilations of 'Carolus Rex'.	0
Unfortunatly I am going to miss the 21 of march , but on the 23 me and about 10 other white nationalists are going to put several thousand copies of the white nationalist newspaper nationell idag in mailboxes .	Unfortunately, I will miss March 21, but on March 23, I and about ten other white nationalists will put thousands of copies of the white nationalist newspaper National idag in their mailboxes.	0
The mass killing of jews should be partly Britain 's fault but the western zionist world wants people to forget about Britain 's imperial past and lay the blame on white nordic nazi Germany .	The massacre of Jews should have been partly Britain’s fault, but the Western Jewish world wants people to forget about the British empire’s past and put the responsibility on the white Nazi Germany of the North.	0
Excellent Korefan !	Very good Korean!	0
Gradually morphed into a Biological Aristocracy : Europids : The Sons of the Aryan God .	Gradually transformed into biological nobility: Europids: the sons of the Arian gods.	0
I come for the Pride , but I stay for the love .	I have come for pride, but I will stay for love.	0
PDF file : http://www.mediafire.com/download/7p3p3goadvvqvsf/WNDebateBooklet_2-14-14.pdfMSWordfile:http://www.mediafire.com/download/psezkkk4d6a3wt1/WNDebateBooklet _ 2-14-14.docx Watch the 10 hour video version of `` The Zionist Attack on Western Civilization '' @ http://trutube.tv/video/14247/The-Zionist-Attack-on-Western-Civilization-Pages-1-33-Part-1-of-4-Banned-from-YouTubeNotepadPromotionalYouTubeComment:http://www.mediafire.com/download/96fg6ft02lyfruz/Booklet _ White _ YT _ Comment _ ( Hyperlinked ) .txt http://www.mediafire.com/download/zcn3wozjbwnezms/Booklet-White-YT-Comment- ( Hyperlinked-Back-Up % 5D.txt http://www.mediafire.com/download/9uyudq1yuxu1dur/Booklet+Comment+%28Firefox%29.txt2minutepromotionalBOOKLETvideo@http://www.youtube.com/watch ? v = _ 8hg254ALpM Are you interested in helping spread the booklet download link across the world ?	PDF file : http://www.mediafire.com/download/7p3p3goadvvqvsf/WNDebateBooklet_2-14-14.pdfMSWordfile:http:// www.mediafiren.com / download/psezkkk4d6a3wt1/Wndebatebooklet _ 2-14-13.docx Watch 10 hour video version of "The Western Civilization's Jewish Attack" @ http://tr.tv/video/14247/The-Zionist-Attack-on-Western-Civilization-Pages-1-33-Part-1-of-4-Banned-from-YouTubeNotepadPromotionalYouTube Comment: https://www	0
You cant expect those poor underprivilidged blacks to have to put up with this cold weather .	You can expect poor low-priority black people who will have to endure this cold weather.	1
Those countries are much better under a government of terror made by themselves and for themselves .	These countries are much better subject to a terror government made by themselves and for them.	3
It is true that Ireland has the lowest WN population in the world , or at least in Europe ?	Is it true that Ireland has the lowest population in the world or at least in Europe?	3
I get mine from all outlets even the enemy ones .	I have mine of all means, even of the enemies.	0
Notice the video title , whenever there is a fight between a white and non white , the white is always the racist	Note the title of the video, whenever there is a fight between whites and non-whites, whites are always racists.	0
I mean , who knows ; should n't they watch out ? , they might end up on a terrorism blacklist ...	That is, who knows? should they be careful? they might be placed on the blacklist of terrorists.	0
They took the action of screaming for help and getting off the bus .	They screamed for help and took action to get out of the bus.	0
Slope County , ND Races in Slope County : White Non-Hispanic ( 99.6 % ) County Population : 767 Land area : 1217.9 sq. mi. This makes the Mud Index 0.003 .	Slope County, ND Race in Slope County : White non-Spanish (99.6%) County population : 767 Land area : 1217.9 square miles This makes the mud index 0.003.	0
C.N.N. Had story about this case today and said White Nationalist are using the story to help recruit people for there cause .	C.N.N spoke about the incident today, saying that white nationalists are using this story to help recruit people there.	0
These are much more important in my estimation .	This is much more important in my opinion.	0
It only took Labour ten years to bring more immigrants * cough * invaders , here than had ever migrated here in the last 5 thousand years .	It only took ten years for Labour to bring more immigrants here than it has ever done in the last 5,000 years.	1
Merry Christmas and Happy Yule !	Happy Christmas, and Happy Yule!	0
HZ why .	Hz why?	0
So the new rules are Free Speech is for Blacks and Browns only ...	The new rules are that freedom of speech is only for black and brown...	0
There is no doubt the Chinese and Japs have giving the world culture .	There is no doubt that the Chinese and the Japanese have given the world culture.	0
Lot of old ambulances , rescue vans ripe for modding to live in .	Many old ambulance and rescue cars were broken to live there.	0
I live near London , ON .	I live close to London, on.	0
I almost took out a dozen of them fighting in the street the other night .	I almost pulled out a dozen people on the streets the night before the fight.	0
Are there any slavs that have black or darker hair color ???	Is there any slave with dark hair or black color???	0
This is definitely the most informal thread I have read about the jewish problem one thing I dont understand is the fact that most jews seem pretty white and the bible says king David had red hair is there a difference in the dna of most jews and europeans or is it mainly a just their condensening holier than thou attitude .	This is the most informal trade I’ve read about the Jewish issue, and I don’t understand it is the fact that most Jews look pretty white, and the Bible says that King David has red hair, but there’s a difference between most people and the European DNA, it’s mainly more complete than your attitude.	0
And is it really too much to ask of you people to shut up about Christianity and Paganism and stick to the subject at hand ???	And are there really too many that ask you to stop about Christianity and paganism and hold the subject in your hand???	0
Which one is the nice doll ?	Which is a beautiful doll?	0
The story here is that a none to bright thief tried to break into the East London Museum .	The story is about a less intelligent thief trying to break into the East London Museum.	0
So you would refuse even other Nordic whites fleeing the brown chaos in the south ?	So, would you refuse other northern white men to escape the brown chaos in the south?	1
People in my circle of acquaintances are a bit obsessed with IQ .	People in my circles of acquaintances are somewhat obsessed with IQ.	0
We did not evolve from Homo Sapiens ; quite the contrary , we retained our intelligence in spite of them .	We have not evolved from Homo sapiens; on the contrary, we have retained our intelligence despite them.	0
Your dealer is messing with you .	Your seller is messing up with you.	0
When I first saw this advertised it cracked me up , the fact that the white kid was made to look like an antagonist also just added to the laughs	When I first saw this ad, it cracked me, the fact that the white boy looked like an antagonist also added to laughter.	0
So the Jews are Gods chosen people and we are the dumb cattle used to bring the Jews back to Gods fold .	Therefore, the Jews are the people chosen by God, and we are the foolish beasts used to bring the Jewish people back to the house of God.	1
But finding ammunition is important .	But it is important to find ammunition.	0
Peter was drafted to the army , as he said .	Peter was drafted into the military, as he said.	0
I too took a year aor so off from s/f several years ago .	I have also taken an aor year out of s/f a few years ago.	0
Will someone kindly tell me how to enter my signature ?	Will anyone kindly tell me how I can enter my signature?	0
:attack hi im new at this so if u want to talk to me let me know i would like to get to know u if u dont mind my name is bill	Attack hi im new at this so if you want to talk to me let me know I'd like to get to know you if you don't mind my name is bill	0
Photos: Conor Reynolds funeral | masslive.com SPRINGFIELD Eric B. Denson is charged with murder in the fatal stabbing of Reynolds , 17 , a Cathedral High School senior and soccer star , during a birthday party on March 13 at the Blue Fusion Bar & Grill at 487 St. James Ave .	Photo: Conor Reynolds's funeral masslive.com SPRINGFIELD Eric B. Danson was accused of murder in the murder of Reynol, 17, Cathedral High School and football star, on March 13 at Blue Fusion Bar & Grill at the 487 St. James Ave's birthday party.	0
Well, being a British nationalist is being a white nationalist seeing as the British are a nation of whites .	Well, being a British nationalist means being a white nationalist, considering that the British are a white nation.	0
I have seen couple Chinese and Japanese tourists but I dont hate you .	I’ve seen a couple of Chinese and Japanese tourists, but I don’t hate you.	0
http://www.thepost.ie/post/pages/p/s...726-qqqx=1.asp	HTTP://www.thepost.ie/post/page/p/s...726-qqx=1.asp	0
The whole area was Aryan .	The entire area is Aryan.	0
May the New Year find us even more unified !	Hopefully the new year will make us more united!	0
Come back home and buy a house near a forest full of game ....	Go home and buy a house near the forest full of games.	0
This thread covered some of the same ground as the Northern Ireland thread , but was proceeding without flames .	The tape covered the same part of the ground as the Northern Ireland tape, but it went forward without fire.	0
The only thing that they care about is welfare and mooching of all the rest of us .	The only thing they care about is the well-being and suffering of all of us.	1
Trudeau Saluteunknown ( -0.191 ) Another way to say `` giving the finger '' or `` flipping the bird '' which is primarily used in Canada .	Trudeau Saluteunknown ( -0.191 ) Another way of saying "give the finger" or "turn the bird," which is mainly used in Canada.	0
You need to join a Nationalist organization so you are more part of the scene such as the Nationalist Party of Canada .	You need to join a nationalist organization so you can become part of scenes such as the Canadian Nationalist Party.	0
On that momentous day , this December 2012 : IMPERIUM EUROPA WAS LAUNCHED On The Sacred Island of Melita : At a Sacred Space , a Sacred Site , a Solar Temple : Pre-Christian , thousands of years old High ground greeting the Rising Sun Mystical Aura .	That moment's day, December 2012: Empire Europe was launched on the holy island of Merita: holy space, holy place, the temple of the sun: pre-Christianism, thousands of years old high earth welcomes the sun's mysterious aura.	0
I passed Andy Cameron 's house this morning and I heard him gargling .	I passed through Andy Cameron's house this morning and I heard the sound of him crying.	0
No man , you got to listen to pass .	No one, you have to hear through.	0
Someone can correct me if I 'm wrong	Someone can fix me if I'm wrong	0
Almost makes you wish for the end of the world	Your desire for the end of the world.	0
I do n't encourage race mixing by the way .	I am not encouraging the mixing of races by the way.	0
I have searched the User CP section but cannot find any way to do it !	Users have searched for the CP section, but there is no way to do it!	0
You mean adoption of this new found identity which in all reality is a Greek identity .	You mean adopting this newly discovered identity, which is actually Greek identity.	0
Actually there is no way you can go back up the rabbit hole after you have gone down it .	In fact, there is no way to climb the rabbit hole again after you have lowered it.	0
My glock not special parts just night sights , take home shake dry , clean when your bored .	My glasses don’t have special parts just for the night view, take home shake and dry and clean when you’re bored.	0
I would say that you should spread this information to your friends and family as well as send this story to other internet sites for starters .	I would say you should spread this information to your friends and family and send this story to other web sites for beginners.	0
Let 's try it again .	Let's try it once again.	0
We all know that when their are too many ethnics , the neighbourhood soon turn 's into a slum .	We all know that if they have too many ethnic groups, the neighborhood will soon become a slum.	1
Well they have got to be more aware then the idiots we have over here absorbing all the bs with there little sponge brains .	Well, they have to be more conscious, then the fools we have here absorb all the bs, where there are very few sponge brains.	1
Every now and then I 'll run across a flyer that I like so much that I print it out on photo paper and frame it .	Occasionally I come across a flybook that I love so much, and I print it on photo paper and frame it.	0
Swim back to Liberia--with a jew under each arm !	Return to Liberia - with the Jews under each arm!	1
In order to publish someone 's name openly on a SF Forum you will need their permission first .	To publish someone’s name on SF forums, you first need their permission.	0
In certain circumstances I would agree with you but in Europe by preserving our nations we are preserving our race as well because there is no way a black in Europe can be British , Irish , German or whatever .	In certain circumstances I’d agree with you, but in Europe, preserving our nations, we’re also conserving our race because there’s no way that a black person in Europe can be British, Irish, German or whatever.	0
None of us are claiming to be better NOR superior to any other white nationality Take a nice , long holiday to Ireland and see what we 're bloody talking about for yourself before you jump in on it .	No one claims to be superior to any other white nationality, to go to Ireland for a good, long vacation, to see what we talked about before you jumped in.	0
Some people are really weird in their thinking Have you been to Bullhead , Az ?	Some people are really strange in their thoughts You were in Bullhead?	0
just posting to say I got a month of community service for stealing lightbulbs out of a place I was renting + a 280Euro fine. compare that to the black rapist a while ago who got off scot free .	I just posted to say that I had a month of community service to steal light bulbs from a place I rented + a penalty of 280 euros.	0
Besides Thanksgiving , to me , is just an excuse to mess around and eat as much turkey , potatoes , corn , stuffing , and cranberry sauce as I can .	In addition to Thanksgiving, for me, it was just an excuse to mess up and eat as many cherries, potatoes, corn, fillers and strawberries as possible.	0
One has a pretty nice mid-level quality knife set I got from an old employer in 2005 iirc and the other is loaded with a full set of the Old Hickory knives .	One has a pretty nice set of middle-level quality knives that I received from a former employer in 2005 and the other is loaded with a complete set of old Hick knives	0
I watched it today and I must say it 's a very good movie .	I’ve seen it today and I have to say it’s a very good movie.	0
I swear I would get a tee shirt with this on it and wear it to school .	I swear I will wear this shirt and go to school.	0
White Traditions can only exist in White Homelands .	White traditions can exist only in White Homelands.	0
White girls and no other , even asian guys are attracted to white girls all we can do is pray for these people !	White girls and nothing else, even Asian boys are attracted to white girls, all we can do is pray for them!	0
Plans are on youtube .	The plan is on youtube.	0
unfortunately chicago doesnt prove this .. we need to send them all to the poles we could make better use of africa	Unfortunately, Chicago has not proved that.. we have to send them all to the field that we can better use from Africa	1
i feel sorry for her if one of her daughters did die but the harsh reality is she has no connection to ireland and she must go.as a mother it is her job to protect her children in Nigeria.every Nigerian who has a problem cant come running over here	I regret her if one of her daughters died, but the difficult reality is that she has nothing to do with Ireland and she has to leave.As a mother, her job is to protect her children in Nigeria.	1
http://wsd.dli.mt.gov/local/kalispell/	HTTP://wsd.dli.mt.gov / local / kalispell	0
There are few places nowadays where there is freedom of speech so you 'll enjoy posting here !	There are few places where there is freedom of speech today, so you’ll be happy to post here!	0
dont let it get you down brother your not on your own just bite your tongue and think of all those beutiful aryan women who think the way we do they are worth fighting for everything enoch powell said came true. hang in there brother	Don’t let it fall, brother, you don’t just bite your tongue and think of all those beautiful aryan women who think that the way we do it is worth fighting for everything that enoch powell said became reality.	0
Probably from the two minimum wage part time jobs ........ Oh wait , whites need not apply .	Probably from two minimum wage part-time jobs... Oh, wait, white people don’t need to apply.	0
Free at last , free at last , good God almighty I 'm free at last !	Finally free, finally free, God Almighty, finally I am free!	0
It makes me so damn angry that the swedes ca n't see it !!!	I’m so angry that the Swedish people don’t see it!!!	0
If you 're a Christian anyway , use Christian Identity as your excuse .	If you are a Christian in any case, use Christian identity as an excuse.	0
I've heard that men with AIDS in Africa think having sex with a virgin will cure them .	I hear that men with AIDS in Africa think that having sex with virgins will heal them.	1
The Mighty Sisto-You live in Laguna Beach ?	The Mighty Sisto - Are you living in Laguna Beach?	0
- YouTube	and YouTube.	0
The KKK sent a shiver of fear down the spines of our enemies like most will never know .	The KKK has sent a shake of fear to the spine of our enemies that most people have never known.	0
I think Fyrdung is a band which was started by members of the bands Svitjod , Pluton Svea and Division S , but I 'm not sure	I think Fyrdung was a band started by members of Switjod, Pluton Svea, and Division S, but I’m not sure.	0
Hopefully his death will boost support for nationalist groups in all white lands .	Hopefully his death will increase support for all white nationalistic groups in the country.	0
If a show does n't involve homosexuals and/or interracial coupling , then it has a bunch of jews masquerading as whites running around with guns killing other whites .	If the show does not include homosexual and/or interracial coupling, the show features a group of Jews running with white guns to kill other whites.	1
im from nepa not looking for a relationship just someone to talk to my brother goes to ps in state college so im down there quite often xxboobearxx@aol.com	IM from Nepa is not just looking for a relationship and someone goes to PS at the National University to talk to my brother, so there is quite often XBOOBEARXX@aol.com	0
I do n't know why people associate Southern Europeans with light brown/olive skin .	I don’t know why people associate the Southern Europeans with the brown/olive skin.	0
DUDE GETTING JUMPED - KNOCKED OUT - THEN ROBBED ON THE EL PLATFORM IN PHILADELPHIA - YouTube White Guy Robbed & Knocked Out By Black Thugs - YouTube Nigga Moments of crackheads - YouTube	DUDE GETTING JUMPED – KNOCKED OUT – THEN ROBBED ON THE EL PLATFORM IN PHILADELPHIA – YouTube White Guy Robbed & Knocked Out by Black Thugs – YouTube Nigga Moments of crackheads	0
In the winter this area is fenced off with signs with skull and cross bones that say ' Danger , do not go beyond this point . '	In winter, this area is marked with signs with skulls and crossbones that say, “Danger, don’t go beyond this point.”	0
I just asked on another related board if anyone had seen the at home alarm system commercial where the White guy breaks into a house and a Negro takes the alarm call and calls the cops ?	Have I just seen a home alarm system ad on another related board where a white man invades a house and a black man rings an alarm call and calls the police?	0
Some candle light , a good drink , a forbidden flag on the wall and Triumph des Willens on the telly .	Some candles light, good drinks, banned flags on the wall, and Triumph des Willens on the Wall.	0
Yes, that 's what I tell Black prostitutes in my neck of the woods when the accost me for a good time !	Yes, that’s what I say to the black prostitutes in my forest neck when they approach me for a good time!	0
I detest chap stick .	I hate the chap stick.	0
I felt the same way when I first made an account ... a few days ago I 'm quickly realizing I DO belong here , it 's just a matter of getting to know people .	I felt the same when I first created an account... a few days ago I was quickly realizing that I belonged here, it was just about getting people to know.	0
Are they talking about the African women with huge lip plates ?	Are they talking about African women having huge lips?	0
It is interesting to note that all of the men in the video were dressed like those Moussed distributed pamphlets that popped up a few weeks ago when the revolution was really getting into the swing .	It is worth noting that all men in this video were dressed like those distributed towels that appeared a few weeks ago when the revolution really came into the turn.	0
Get your hands on both and get the one that `` fits '' .	Put your hands on both sides and get the “suitable” hand.	0
He got what he deserved .	He gets what he deserves.	1
And you will find it too , just like you have so many times before . . .	And you’ll find it, just as you’ve had so many times before.	0
Good to know someone is paying attention m	It's good to know that someone's paying attention.	0
Rock music video for 12 Stones band , with truck footage .	Rock music video for the band of 12 Stones, with trucks recordings.	0
See the threads : Over 1800 gathered to honour Daniel !	More than 1,800 people gathered to commemorate Daniel!	0
Sexual assault suspect caught on cellphone video - YouTube Rape Suspect Caught On Cellphone Video Arrested - News Story - KTVU San Francisco Dion McDaniel 's mugshot	Accused of sexual assault captured on the mobile phone - YouTube Rape Suspect Captured On the Mobile Phone Video Arrested - News Story - KTVU San Francisco Dion McDaniel's mugshot	0
Boys and girls should n't wrestle each other .	Men and girls should not fight each other.	0
Great to see you back Irish Rose .	I am very happy to see you again at the Irish Rose.	0
Wasn't that when Steve and Bean got their heads cracked opened ?	Wasn’t that the time when Steve and Bean had their broken heads open?	0
We have his handwritten account of the Battle of Shiloh , where he was with the 4th Tennessee ...	We have records written by his hand about the battle of Shiloh, where he was with 4th Tennessee...	0
Pm me so we can chat further if you wish .	Pm me so that we can continue to chat if you want.	0
Thanks Again Buster	Thank you again Buster.	0
What about this - [ youtube ] 6rNF0-xk4Xg [ /youtube ] Seems slightly hypocritical , no ?	[ youtube ] 6rNF0-Xk4Xg [ / youtube ] It sounds a bit hypocritical, right?	0
Have to follow up on this one !	We must continue to follow this!	0
WRS 14/88	WR 4 / 88 /	0
We can ge ttogather sometime if ya want or just talk for a while .	You can give us a ttogather from time to time if you want or just talk for a while.	0
You 'll never build it .	You never will build it.	0
Why on earth are the swedish parents letting their Kids grow up in an ethnic school !	Why on Earth, Swedish parents let their children grow up in racial schools!	1
I run a small crew of Skinheads in the Vancouver / Portland area .	I operate a small crew of Skinheads in Vancouver/Portland region.	0
Is this true that the descendants of the English settlers are leaving at a significantly different rate than the descendants of the Dutch settlers ?	Is it true that the descendants of British settlers leave at a significantly different rate than the offspring of Dutch settlers?	0
Some Universities have a substantial number of lectures available for free online .	Some universities have a significant number of lectures that are available online for free.	0
We live in a very mixed neighborhood and my son always gravitates toward the other white kids on the playground .	We live in a very mixed community and my son always draws to other white children on the playground.	0
That is when you take out your phone and take pictures of them .	This is when you take your phone and take a photo.	0
Jews are the most demanding and worst patients of all .	The Jews are the worst and most demanding patients of all.	1
The attacks are coming from wankers who live in England maybe even born here and have little or no English ancestry and call themselves British .	The attacks came from fanatics living in Britain, who may even be born here with no or very few English ancestors, and call themselves British.	1
Most Americans will probably wind up working in fast food anyway and this can delay that by a few decades .	Most Americans will be working on fast food anyway, and this can delay it for decades.	0
I mean blacks whine that NASCAR is racist .	I mean that the black white say that NASCAR is racist.	0
That is the most ridiculous crap I have ever seen anyone type .	This is the most absurd nonsense of any kind I have ever seen.	0
Uh oh ... bad move there Mr. King .	Oh, oh... it’s not good to move there, Mr. King.	0
I 've added you to my AIM but have yet to catch you online .	I have added you to my target but I have not yet found you online.	0
I have seen some Swedish buildings very similar to Japanese style .	I have seen a few Swedish buildings very similar to the Japanese style.	0
Who are you ? and how did you get your hands on it ? pm me or send a email please	Who are you? and how do you get your hand on it? please click me or send me an email	0
The word Jew also had many different meanings in the old days .	The word Jewish also had many different meanings in ancient times.	0
Thanks!	Thank you!	0
The last major case I remember was another gang of Asians .	The last important case I remember was another group of Asians.	0
I got the message you were trying to get across in your first post , I just felt like messing with you .	I got the information you tried to encounter in your first article and I just felt you were confused.	0
there's no need for me to say anything ... all is said in the image of thaat old white guy in the end of one of the first videos .	There’s no need to say anything... everything is said in the old white boy’s image at the end of one of the first videos.	0
Is there anything to do there for a day or two ?	Is there something you can do for a day or two?	0
hey after five years of searching I finally fell in love again .	After five years of searching, I finally fall in love again.	0
Well, I think we 've reached the point where this discussion is going round and round , so we can end it right here .	Well, I think we’ve reached the point where this discussion takes place around and around, so we can finish it here.	0
Woman get shot by a unseen shooter probably hide in the building in an attempt to dissuad protester to take this building .	A woman is shot by an invisible shooter who is supposed to hide in the building to prevent protesters from attacking this building.	0
And everyone in agreement is asked to just introduce themselves for now on Don Black 's PLE thread , which is here : https : //www.stormfront.org/forum/t12389/	And anyone who agrees will be asked to introduce themselves to Don Black’s PLE Thread for now, which is here: https: //www.stormfront.org/forum/t12389/	0
Ireland joins International Task Force on Holocaust Education , Remembrance and Research Ireland has been accepted as a member country of the International Task Force on Holocaust Education , Remembrance and Research ( ITF ) .	Ireland was accepted as a member of the International Working Group on Holocaust Education, Memory and Research (ITF).	0
What will it look like ?	What it will look like?	0
Then keep changing the name of the file as new movies come out .	Then change the file name when the new movie comes out.	0
Exactly!	Exactly that!	0
The Government are now judging if they should be granted permanent residency .	The government is now deciding whether to grant them permanent residence rights.	0
23 - White Supremacist - The 23rd letter of the alphabet is W. ROA - Race Over All - Rasa iznad svega SWP - Supreme White Power - Nadmoćna Bela Sila 100 % - 100 % White - 100 posto Belac-beo .	23 – White Supremacist – The 23rd letter of the alphabet is W. ROA – Race Over All – Rasa iznad svega SWP – Supreme White Power – Nadmoćna Bela Sila 100% – 100% White – 100 posto Belac-beo.	0
Charming is knowing that all these unuseful beings lives in Switzerland as refugees !!!!	It is fascinating to know that all these useless creatures live in Switzerland as refugees!!!	1
I looked them up on the internet and could onyl find Hatewatch and anti sites .	I looked at them on the Internet and found Hatewatch and anti-site.	0
Actually it is kind of funny , because if the black guy sees me staring at them , he will try to stare me down .	In fact, it’s funny, because if a black guy is looking at me, he’ll try to look down at me.	0
It was written for schoolchildren about 100 years ago , but I like it .	This book was written for school children about 100 years ago, but I like it.	0
Our smart liberals say that we need thousands of `` high-quality '' non-european immigrants per year , but for what ?	Our intelligent liberals say we need thousands of “high quality” non-European immigrants each year, but what?	0
Hail!Im just looking for like minded white brothers and sisters from arond my area to meet or anyone else for that matter.Hope to hear from you .	I'm just looking for white brothers and sisters from my area to meet or someone else for that matter.	0
lambent \ LAM-buhnt \ , adjective : 1 .	Adjective and adjective 1.	0
Show them William Pierce videos and tell them they are out of any inheritance if they become race traitors .	Show them the video of William Pierce and tell them that there is no legacy if they become a race traitor.	0
The israeli prime minister says that he thinks this is a part of the growing anti-semitism in europe , but that statement is a part of the growing anti-scandianavism in israel !	The Israeli prime minister said he sees it as part of Europe’s growing anti-Semitism, but that statement is part of Israel’s rising anti-Scandinavianism!	0
actually SXE kids are locked up more then drug users simply for acts of violence but maybe thats just here in utah	In fact, SXE children are more trapped in acts of violence than drug users, but this is exactly what is happening in Utah.	0
Everyone on my MSN gets all manner of pics ( ) but I 've never put any up here so here goes Some pics from about a year ago and a small anigif from a week ago heh Robin	Everyone gets a variety of images on my MSN but I’ve never put any here, so here’s a few images from about a year ago and a little anigif a week ago.	0
The billboards around town speak volumes .	The posters around the city speak volume.	0
The natural royality of the planet was not the posing apes , but the Overman .	The natural royal house of the earth was not a position monkey, but a overman.	1
The first is the following .	The first was the following.	0
More double standards .	A double standard.	0
Go to the audio archive of David Duke 's Town Hall and you 'll hear the voice of David Duke and other prominent pro-white activists .	Go to David Duke's Town Hall's audio archives, you'll hear the voice of David Duke and other famous white activists.	0
I have a couple and get out on the 14th .	I had a couple and went out on the 14th day.	0
BOOK : Tell the Truth and Shame the Devil `` Tell the Truth and Shame the Devil '' in English and German .	“Tell the Truth and Shame the Devil” in English and German.	0
Hi: I want to share these wonderful videos , very beautiful teachers and great new methods for everybody can easily learn .	Hello: I want to share these wonderful videos, very nice teachers and great new methods so that everyone can learn easily.	0
You 're nothing but a clown--just like Tricycle Sam .	You’re just a clown, like three-wheeled Sam.	0
Eventually we wo n't be able to tell who is who. this is all sad .	In the end, we can’t say who it is, all of this is sad.	3
Please let me know if the school needs anything and again when you get a website ready let me know the bandwith is on me .	Please let me know if the school needs anything, and when you get a site ready, let me tell you bring it to me.	0
Show us that your proud to be white , not black .	Show us your pride in being white, not black.	0
Marte Williams , 41 , was taken into custody Sunday after authorities said he was caught trespassing at Paulus Hook Towers , the apartment complex where the bodies of 27-year-old Jacqueline Reyes and her 9-month-old son Ivan Reyes Jr. were found Tuesday morning .	41-year-old Martha Williams was arrested on Sunday, the authorities said he was caught in the 27 year-old Jacqueline Reyes and her nine-month-old son Ivan Reyes Jr.'s bodies found on Tuesday morning.	0
They do not want all of us to find out how she was raped and tortured .	They don't want us all to know how she was raped and tortured.	0
It 's a monthly fee for all you can learn , 1900 courses .	It is a monthly fee for everything you can learn, 1,900 courses.	0
Locals in the area should organize a march or something .	Local people in the area should organise a march or anything.	0
What are you talking about ?	What you are talking about?	0
Elizabeth	by Elizabeth.	0
I've gotten fatter over the years .	I got fat every year.	0
The SPLC is a multi-million dollar anti-white hate organization who is led by a pervert .	SPLC is a million-dollar organization against white hatred, and it is driven by confusing people.	0
Around 5 % of Estonians singing on one stage .	About 5% of Estonians sing on a stage.	0
WARNING - lots of naked skin and boobs but I hope Your forgive me .	Warning: A lot of naked skin and breasts, but I hope you forgive me.	0
Well, you should .	You ought to.	0
In fact , this year this `` event '' is going to be this weekend .	In fact, this year’s “event” will take place this weekend.	0
For those who like to pass out papers The Nationalist Times is looking for you !	For those who like to publish papers The Nationalist Times is searching for you!	0
The effectiveness of any martial are is solely dependent on the person practicing it .	The effectiveness of any fight depends on who practices it.	0
Put 's Shakespeare 's Shylock to shame ... if Mr. Weiss had whiskers he would be indistinguishable from a rat. ]	Shylock of Shakespeare would be ashamed... if Mr. Weiss were to be loud, he would not be able to distinguish from a mouse.	0
Maybe.	possibly.	0
WE had lots of good times and parties too , but we also had a gourmet chef , tutors , massage thereapist , and a library of extra liturature from teaches such as copies of the upcoming tests , etc ..	We also have a lot of good times and parties, but we also have culinary chefs, mentors, massage masters, and an additional library of literature from the doctrine, such as copies of upcoming exams, and so on.	0
there was nothing left from the ancient macedonians when the Slavs arrived ... their trace was lost long before the slavic invasions took place	Nothing remained when the Slavs arrived from the ancient Macedonians...the trace of it was lost long before the Slav invasion occurred.	0
I think your right about the R meaning registered trade mark .	I think you have a right on the R, which means registered trademark.	0
KOGO 's online radio software is blocked by many of these blockers .	KOGO's online radio software is blocked by a lot of these blockers.	0
Just saying .	just say.	0
WTF Well done liberals you have ethnically cleansed a 20,000 + yr old race of beautiful and unique white people from their own country This is a sick and vile crime I 'm crying when i look at those pictures i do n't care if you laugh and say it 's gay to cry because my people will no longer exist in 100yrs 20.000 yrs destroyed in 100 My beautiful race dying ! i do n't know what to do	WTF well-doing liberals you have purified a nation of 20,000+ yrs of beautiful and unique white race in their country This is a sick and miserable crime I’m crying when I see those pictures I don’t care if you laugh and say it’s gay because my people won’t exist anymore 100yrs 20,000 yrs My beautiful race is dead!	1
Its a disgrace my sister has been on the waiting list for 6 years and their giving away houses to these scumbags	Shamefully, my sister was on the waiting list for six years, and they handed the house over to these scumbags.	1
Old postcard of Zebowice ( Zembowitz-Fohrendorf ) in Upper Silesia , it is the town with the largest percentage of the German Minority in Poland .	The old postcard of Zebowice (Zembowitz-Fohrendorf), it is a city with the largest percentage of German minority in Poland.	0
On the basis of this argument , the Haitians had to defend themselves from the French who were `` raping the island of Haiti '' to death .	Based on this argument, the Haitians had to protect themselves from the French who “rape the Haitian islands.”	0
I find this particularly revolting ...... my late father owned a retail hardware store for awhile .... I was mixing paint at age six ..... and our town , clientele , etc. , was White ...	I found that was shocking... my late father had a retail hardware store for a while... I was six-year-old and mixed paintings... our towns, our customers, and so on, were white.	0
Its a shame really , but watch out for those people because one day they 'll turn round and tell their gun carrying black friends that you hate them because they 'll black .	It’s really a pity, but be careful of these people because one day they’ll turn around and tell their black friends wearing their weapons that you hate them because they’re going to be black.	0
Explain how liberals are liars and anti-White and tell her about crime statistics .	Explain how a liberal is a liar and anti-white and tell her about criminal statistics.	1
Well its strange that 's Tesak start anti gay/pedo video near the same moment when Putin do the anti gay propagand law .	Now it’s strange that Tesak’s anti-gay/pedo video starts close to the same moment as Putin’s Anti-Gay Pro	0
No, you will be on the prowl for something to suck on in the nearest public restroom .	No, you’ll be on the jump to look for something in the nearest public residence.	0
That is just disgusting and completely immoral .	That's just disgusting and totally immoral.	0
I go through this thread once a week to check the links .	I'm going through this thread once per week to check the links.	0
The fact that these people are trying to do the same thing to Ireland as they have in America and Britain and everywhere else they have set foot .	The fact that these people are trying to do the same thing that they have in the United States, Britain, and anywhere else in Ireland.	0
I hope they do n't conflict .	I hope there is no conflict.	0
now the bitch has to nerve to say `` I wasnt born in australia so i dont have to speak english properly , so shut up '' I think that 's very stupid .	Now the damn prostitute had to say nervously, “I wasn’t born in Australia, so I don’t have to speak English, so close the door,” I thought it was stupid.	0
Why, are you afraid that your son might come and find you drunk in a bar 20 years later and try to kill you or something ...	Why are you afraid that your son will find you drunk in a bar 20 years later and try to kill you or something?	0
Somali Turkish Bosnian Colombian ( eye shape indicates Native American ancestry ) Albanian Moroccan Tunisian Thai Syrian refugees arrive Turkish group in Iserlohn , NRW First multireligious ( Christian-Jewish-Muslim ) religious building in Berlin http://www.pi-news.net/2014/06/berli ... gioese-kirche/	Albania Morocco Tunisia Thailand Syrian refugees arrived in Iserlohn, NRW, the first multicultural (Christian Jewish Muslim) religious building in Berlin http://www.pi-news.net/2014/06/berli... gioese-kirche/	0
Dusty Rhodes ?!	Dirty Rhodes?	0
Homosexuals should stay in the closet .	Homosexuals need to stay in the closet.	1
It's their birth rate that people always forget .	It is their birth rate which people always forget.	0
It was not multiple gangs .	There were no multiple gangs.	0
Literally no whites When I lived in Naples when I left it was a lot of non white , but nowhere near like it is now .	There were literally no white people when I lived in Naples when I left there were many non-white people, but there is nowhere so close.	0
You 're treading on very thin ice , jimmy .	You’re walking on a very thin ice, Jimmy.	0
WE CRIPPIN NIGGA .	The NIGGA.	1
Yeah, but I should mention that a few places there , like Beaver Falls and Aliquippa , are chock-full of filthy -- and I mean filthy -- n * * * * * s .	Yes, but I should mention that some places like the Beaver Falls and Aliquippa are full of dirty things – and I mean dirty ones.	1
This is really , truly BAD .	It is really, really bad.	0
Derren Brown - The Assassin Part 1 - YouTube Derren Brown - The Assassin Part 2 - YouTube Derren Brown - The Assassin Part 3 - YouTube Derren Brown - The Assassin Part 4 Final - YouTube Fun stuff .	Derren Brown - The Assassin Part 1 - YouTube Derren Browne - The assassin Part 2 - YouTube derren browne – The assassins Part 3 – YouTube derre Brown – The Assassins part 4 Final – YouTube Fun stuff.	0
I 'm hoping things will continue to grow with our smaller meets and will make for a good turn out at our events this year !	We hope that we will continue to grow with our small meetings and make a good start in our event this year!	0
Adjustable rear sight , orange target insert in the front sight , modified cylinder .	Adjustable rear-view, orange targets inserted in the front-view and modified cylinders.	0
It 's easy , legal , and offers imediate gratification .	It is easy, legal, and provides instant satisfaction.	0
It could just be vanity and not wanting to be seen wearing a hearing aid as maybe they see it as an `` old persons '' thing .	It might just be vanity and don’t want to be seen wearing hearing aids because maybe they think it’s a “old” thing.	0
Surely, there 's middle ground between completely anonymous keyboarding and losing blood ?	Of course, is there a middle point between a completely anonymous keyboard and a loss of blood?	0
Does anyone have a link to download of this book in English ?	Anyone has a link to download this book in English?	0
Unfortunately our official greeter Evaline has n't been about for awhile so allow me to bid all of you who have recently joined our little band of brothers ( and sisters ) a warm welcome. max	Unfortunately, our official greeting Evaline hasn’t been there for a while, so let me offer a warm welcome to all those who have recently joined our small group of brothers (and sisters).	0
Letters to David Irving 's Website	Letter to the website of David Irving	0
Stay away from Alberta .	Stay out of Alberta.	0
2508	of 508.	0
16	sixteen	0
It was great I got to tell my funny jokes and get a reaction .	It was great that I told my funny joke and got a response.	0
- YouTube	and YouTube.	0
Kokkepige Stuepige Barnepige Tjenestepige Tienestefolk Huus jomfure ( House-something ? )	I think it’s a good thing to do, but I’m going to do it.	2
There is no-way in the world that was his first time ..	There is no way in the world that he was the first.	0
If a third world savage attacks a Jew , is it all Jewey 's fault ?	If the third world barbarians attack a Jew, is that the Jew’s fault?	0
I was born in Rhodesia mother was n't full blown african whale my father was of portugese descent .	I was born in Rhodesia, my mother was not a full African whale, my father was a Portuguese.	0
Thanks for your support commando 88 , pm me and we will talk .	Thank you very much for your support to Command 88, I'll send you a message and we'll talk.	0
That's good I wish there was someone standing for my interests where I live , but as it stands now that is not likely to ever happen .	That’s a good thing, but I wish there was someone in the place where I live to defend my interests, but in the current circumstances, that’s never going to happen.	0
Looked it up on amazon .	Look at it on Amazon.	0
It 's an unfair representation of a nation Some random bulgarians [ IMG ] http://photos-b.ak.fbcdn.net/hphotos-ak-snc3/hs477.snc3/26143_100549093315633_100000816283788_13289_6985315_n.jpg [ /IMG ]	This is an unfair representation of a nation of some random Bulgarians [ IMG ] http://photos-b.ak.fbcdn.net/hPhotos-ak-snc3/hs477.snc/326143_100549093315633_10000816283788_13289_6985315_n.jpg [ /IMG ]	0
There must have been about 10 of them , all black , and others coming in to join them .	There should be about ten of them, all black, and others are coming to join them.	0
Never know , they could find you or me or anyone else undesirable in their eyes .	Never know, they might find you or me or any other undesirable person in their eyes.	0
Hail The Imperium !	Salute to the Empire!	0
Its a `` win-win '' situation .	This is a ‘win-win’ situation.	0
Quoting the guide/historian ( he had a PHD ) here , `` there are 8 beds , each fits one body and it takes roughly 90 mins to completely incinerate a body using the techniques they employed .	Citing a guide/historic (he had a Ph.D.) he said, “There are eight beds, each suitable for one body, and it takes about 90 minutes to completely burn the body using the technology they used.	0
could you upload a pic of this amazing set up ?	Can you upload this amazing setup image?	0
Thor Soderberg , 43 , was shot and killed at 61st and Racine .	Thor Soderberg, 43 years old, was murdered in the 61st and Racine.	0
I think that World Star Hip Hop should be mandatory viewing for every single white person on the planet , period .	I believe that world star hip hop should be a mandatory viewing for all white people on the planet.	0
Member of DFU 's directorate .	Member of the Directorate of the DFU.	0
Well i think that fact that they 're Muslims goes to show that Arabs must have colonised that land. and Intermixed with the Existing somalies ..	I think the fact that they are Muslims indicates that the Arabs must have colonized the land.	0
If you would like to chat , please PM me. xox and 88 Gretchen	If you want to chat, please call me. xox and 88 Gretchen	0
If you were deaf you would n't hear all the `` multiculturalism enriches our society '' rubbish .	If you are blind, you will not hear the sound of ‘culturalism enrichs our society’.	0
I am new to Stormfront and was wondering who is from Tn .	I'm new to Stormfront and wondered who's from mr.	0
Butte , Montana Promotional Video - YouTube	Butte, Montana Promotional Videos - YouTube	0
Did you see anything other than white faces in that non racially edited video ?	Have you seen anything other than the white faces in this non-racial edited video?	0
I have : 1 Sister with Grey Eyes 1 Sister with Blue Eyes 1 Sister with Green Eyes me and my Brother have Blue Eyes !	I: 1 sister with a grey eye 1 child with a blue eye 1 brother with a green eye I and my brother have a blue eyes!	0
You hit the nail on the head there .	You hit a nail on your head there.	0
I went back a cpl years ago and the black vermin were everywhere .	I went back to CPL a few years ago and black worms were everywhere.	1
They're cowards and simpletons who are utterly incapable of generating a reasoned argument free of sententiously repeated stock phrases and scare-words like `` racist . ''	They are cowards and simple people who are absolutely incapable of producing a rational argument instead of repeating frases and terrifying words like “racism.”	1
com/watch ? v = 6OK6ks7BSOY For a FREE informative BOOKLET & video on the Zionist-engineered INTENTIONAL destruction of White people go to : youtube .	com/watch? v = 6OK6ks7BSOY For a free BOOKLET of information and video on the INTENTIONAL destruction of the white population engineered by the Zionists, visit: youtube.	0
Oh I see how it is , Son of the Mist .	Oh, I see what it is, the fog child.	0
Well, maybe they 're slowly working their way to destroying Eastern Europe .	Well, maybe they are slowly trying to destroy Eastern Europe.	1
That kid is probably going to get some disease from laying with his face on the floor of a supermarket like that , or some good doer will call he cops and he could get put in a foster home .	This child will likely get a disease if it lies on the floor of a supermarket like this, or a good perpetrator will call him a policeman and he could be taken to a nursing home.	0
So, water is actually heavier than liquefied dino-dong .	So, the water is actually heavier than the liquid dino-dong.	0
Who TF cares ?	Who cares about the TF?	0
They are in point of fact perpetrating mass murder and the MSM suppresses any and all news on a national level .	They are actually committing mass murders and the MSM is suppressing every news at the national level.	0
They can kiss their N.B.A. careers goodbye .	They can say goodbye to their N.B.A. career.	0
I 'm looking for someone to train with .	I am looking for somebody to train with.	0
http://www.nytimes.com/2009/09/24/us ... er = rss & emc = rss	http://www.nytimes.com / 2009 / 9 / 24 / us... er = rss and emc = RSS	0
When the new hybrid mulattos reach a critical mass they will not want to be identified as negroes anymore and will seek special status as mulattos .	When new hybrid mulats reach critical mass, they no longer want to be identified as black and will seek a special status as mulats.	3
I'm impressesed with the ' if you do n't like it go somewhere else ' and ' herd mentality ' quips . Way to start a civilised debate , non ami .	I’m impressed with the ‘if you don’t like going elsewhere’ and the ‘flock mentality’ quips.	0
So it looks like the Blacks have lost even that one LOL Diablo	So it seems that the black man even lost that LOL Diablo.	1
Dr. Duke , if we are ever able to form a white nation ( God willing we will ) I hope you will become our president .	Dr. Duke, if we can form a white nation (if God wants), I hope you will be our president.	0
im not sure if the thread just died down or that was all the interest from Manitoba , I hope a few more read this and decide to form a commune	I’m not sure if the line has just died, or that’s all Manitoba’s interest, and I hope more people read this and decide to form a commune.	0
The students who went there were still young like me .	The students who were there were just as young as me.	0
TV 3 I think is controlled by Swedish Gentile Stenbeck family .	TV 3 I think was controlled by the Swedish gentleman Stanby’s family.	0
They fit the same DNA as the DNA found in ancient mummies .	They fit the same DNA that was found in ancient mummies.	0
All the time the white wife is drooling over him and flirting with him .	The white wife spit on him all the time and flirted with him.	0
The doctors of ju-ju and voodoo seem to have left their mud huts and moved into office buildings built by White people in cities built by White people .	The doctors of ju-ju and voodoo appear to have left the mud house and moved to a white-built office building in a city built by white people.	1
New York Brownstones , designed by European Whites .	The New York Brownstones, designed by the European white.	0
www.wheaton.edu Another 15 Execellent Schools : Baylor University 's College of Arts and Sciences , Waco , Texas Birmingham-Southern College , Birmingham , Ala. Bridgewater College , Bridgewater , Va. Columbia University , New York , N.Y. College of William and Mary , Williamsburg , Va. Davidson College , Davidson , N.C. Furman University , Greenville , S.C. Millsaps College , Jackson , Miss. Pepperdine University , Malibu , Calif. Rhodes College , Memphis , Tenn. St. Olaf 's College , Northfield , Minn. Samford University , Birmingham , Ala. Shimer College , Waukegan , Ill. Thomas More College of the Liberal Arts , Merrimack , N.H. Wake Forest University , Winston-Salem , N.C.	www.wheaton.edu Other 15 Excellent Schools: Baylor University's College of Arts and Sciences, Waco, Texas Birmingham-Southern College, Birmangham, Ala. Bridgewater College, Bridgewater, Va. Columbia University, New York, N.Y. College of William and Mary, Williamsburg, Va Davidson College, Davidson, N C. Furman University, Greenville, S.C. Millsaps College, Jackson, Miss Pepperdine University, Malibu, California Rhodes College, Memphis, Tenn.	0
I am not having my cats put in a pet cemetary-they 're being interred in the same plot as I.Naturally we will probably not pass on at the same time but we 'll be sharing the plot .	I don’t put my cat in a pet cemetery – they’re buried in the same plot as I. Of course, we won’t deliver at the same time, but we’ll share the plot.	0
London nowadays is more dangerous for tourists than Zimbabwe Like the above poster says do n't go to London just go someplace else that is much better like Bath or Stratford Upon Avon ( Shakespeare Birthplace ) Londonistan is a craphole	As the poster above says, don’t go to London, just go somewhere else that’s much better like Bath or Stratford Upon Avon (Shakespeare’s Birthplace) Londonistan is a madness.	1
White nationalism is not about superiority , it 's about the 14 words .	White nationalism isn't about superiority, it's about the 14 words.	0
People sticking up for white men .	People standing up for white people.	0
I ca n't wait till they take over our country and we all have to convert to Islam .	I will not wait until they occupy our country and we all have to go back to Islam.	0
UK July 2009 .	The UK in July 2009.	0
The school did not cause my much trouble because it was elementary school .	The school doesn’t bring me a lot of trouble because it’s a primary school.	0
Hail to the new King of Norway !	Welcome to the new King of Norway!	0
Sixteen Jones , Die Antwoord 's daughter - YouTube	Sixteen Jones, the daughter of Die Antwoord	0
Fairy Tales .	stories of fairy tales.	0
Had a run in with a JAP tonight .	I went out with a Japanese man tonight.	0
The jew media likes to prop this whites becoming the minority non sense up because they want to try and scare whitey , the media plays on the fears that the average retard thinks hispanic or latino is a race and they play word play with titles like white hispanic and white non hispanic it is all a magic show nothing more .. But Whites becoming a minority in Europe the homeland is a much more serious issue that concerns me greatly .	The Jewish media like to advocate that whites become minority insensitive and want to try to frighten whites, so the media play with the fear that the average delay is that Spanish or Latin is a race, and they play a word game with titles like white Spanish and white non-Spanish.	1
Better head down to the tubes .	It is better to go down to the pipes.	0
And for all those negroes out there , history starts with the written word .	And for all the black people there, history begins with written words.	3
I'm down in so cal. in the riverside area in a small town called chino hills. im looking for some skins to hang out with male or female we just need to unite. haha	I am in the river area in a small village called Chinese hills. im looking for some skin to hang with the man or woman that we just have to unite. haha	0
But we must need to be able to name these characteristics to have credibility , so we need to collect anthropological and genetic evidence that will prove there is a white race .	But we must be able to name these traits in order to be reliable, so we must gather anthropological and genetic evidence to prove the existence of the white race.	0
11	1 1 2	0
Sometimes I do watch shows about WWII on the History channel but other than that I never watch it .	Sometimes I watch a show about World War II on History Channel, but beyond that, I never watched it.	0
This is rattle snake territory .	This is the territory of the Rattle Snake.	0
Nice find on ebay as well	You can also find it on eBay.	0
I dont want a black guy or any one that isnt white and my friends dont either you must be going for the wrong girls .	I don’t want someone who isn’t black or white, and my friends don't have to go for the wrong girl.	0
Odium ( Sweden ) - Oi ! ( This is one my favourites ...	Odium (Sweden) – Oi! (This is one of my favorites... )	0
5 years later we split up .	Five years later, we split.	0
Thanks .	and thanks.	0
That is no meat with potatoes , bread , or rice .	It is not meat with potatoes, bread, and rice.	0
Apparently he came to the conclusion that his French was too poor to win over Quebec , and thus he felt destined to lose .	Apparently, he concluded that his Frenchman was too poor to win over Quebec, and so he felt destined to lose.	0
Seems like you cant get away from these parasites anymore its happening and getting worse everywhere .	It seems like you are no longer getting rid of this parasite, which is happening and worsening everywhere.	1
*Bernt Anker Hoffman , Pakkis , 1929 .	Bernt Anker Hoffmann, Pakkis, 1929.	0
A few weeks ago i started looking into doing that and have got a few pictures and LOADS of mobile numbers so far , reds are just SO naive !	A few weeks ago I started to do it and have been charged with a few photos and phone numbers so far, the red is so naive!	1
Glad some people still opened their homes and let kids trick or treat , even with the usual DieVersity infesting the area .	It is pleasant that some people still open their homes to let children cheat or treat, even if the usual DieVersity infects the area.	1
I think the Jews hide in liberal Sweden , in the idea that nobody would guess that it is somebody other than Scandinavians at work .	I think the Jews were hidden in the free Sweden, and in this idea no one would guess that it was anyone other than the Scandinavians who worked.	0
Especially Brampton .	Particularly Brampton.	0
Then why not simply copy this text ( & links ) and paste it into the description box of your YouTube videos ?	So why not just copy this text (and links) and paste it into the description box of your YouTube videos?	0
Like I have suggested , get out of there and get amongst your own Folk where you can do some good .	As I suggested, go out there and go among your own people where you can do good things.	0
And let 's be honest we live in the real world , not the school world .	To be honest, we live in a real world, not the school world.	0
Those 12th grade questions were difficult !	The questions of the 12th grade were difficult.	0
Hello.	hello to	0
Thank you for your post .	Thanks for your post.	0
sorry mods , i posted this twice by mistake so you can kill this thread and leave the other as i cant seem to be able to delete it .	Sorry mods, I posted this twice by error so you can kill this thread and leave the other as I can delete it.	0
You gotta surprise them ' else they get away .	You have to surprise them,” otherwise they’ll run away.	0
They are turning it into Africa !	They're turning it to Africa!	3
Thank you , C _ R.	Thanks to C. R.	0
Just Internet .	Only the internet.	0
Would this have been the same scenario in Greece if Greece was bordering Russia ? .	Would the situation in Greece be the same if Greece had bordered with Russia?”	0
The girl is indeed amazing .	This girl is truly amazing.	0
No tv ...	There is no TV...	0
Of course they do .	Certainly they do.	0
In our area , they 've pretty much stopped showing mug shots of Negroes like this : Whites have to go on the names to figure it out .	In our area, they have almost stopped showing black foam photos like this: White people have to go over names to understand it.	0
Forgiveness is a key virtue in Macedonian Christian behavior .	Forgiveness is the core value of Macedonian Christian behavior.	0
I go to work . . so I got my dirty blue jeans , black socks , old shoes and a tshirt ussually of the heavy metal type . . today it 's slayer , and my trusty winchester cap with a couple thors hammer pins on it. gotta have the beard , chicks dig it ; x i had long hair ' till i cut it for my wedding , didnt wanna look too much like the unibomber when i get dressed up i put on clean pants and a plain tshirt .	I’m going to work... so I had my dirty blue jeans, black socks, old shoes and a t-shirt usually of the heavy metal type... today it’s a slaughterhouse, and my cute hat with a pair of bull hammer pins on it. I have to have the beard, the chickens cave it; x I had the long hair ‘until I cut it for my wedding, I didn’t want to look too much like the unibomber when I dress, I put clean pants and a simple tshirt.	0
Visit the used book stores in Riverside .	Visit the used bookstores at Riverside.	0
I can hear the Chief now , we have enough on our plates .	I can now hear the boss, and we have enough on our plate.	0
I try to keep up with as many flyers as I can on this site : http://www.whitefreespeech.com/flyers.html And I 'm usually looking for others to add as well .	I try to stay on this site with as many leaflets as possible: http://www.whitefreespeech.com/flyers.html And I’m usually looking for others who can add as well.	0
Aragorn	by Aragoron	0
Maybe you can bring BBQ , I mean Critter sauce ...	Maybe you can bring the BBQ, I mean the Critter sauce...	0
No, there is no logic for closing the section .	No, there's no logic to close the section.	0
Cool.	It is cool	0
Let alone 6 of them .	Only six of them.	0
AIM: hayden1488 ICQ : 156598438 MSN : hayden _ 1488 Yahoo : hayden _ 1488 Note you can also find out peoples logins for instant messager programs on our Stormfront profiles .	Destination: hayden1488 ICQ : 156598438 MSN : hayden _ 1488 Yahoo : Hayden _ 1488, Note that you can also find the user login for the instant messaging program on our Stormfront profile.	0
US dollars please .	Dollars please.	0
The flag should have the leaf thingy and a mix between the French flag and the George Cross of England to show the ethnic heritage of the White Canadians	The flag should be a mixture between the French flag and the George Cross of England to show the white Canadians' national heritage.	0
If thinking was easy everyone would be doing it .	If it were easy to think, everyone would do it.	0
1/2 messican , 1/2 White babies can often pass for White until they turn six or seven when the golden brown coating covers all .	1/2 Mexican, 1/2 white babies can usually pass through white until they turn six or seven, when the golden brown coat covers all.	0
As long as she does n't look like she just came off the set for a rap video or wears sweatpants in public I 'm pretty flexible .	As long as she doesn’t look like she’s just appeared on a singing video or wearing trousers in public, I’m flexible.	0
That way I can make money , have friends for my child to play with , AND stay at home .	This way, I can make money, have friends with whom my child can play, and stay at home.	0
We ca n't just keep running to the suburbs .	We’re not just going to the suburbs.	0
A puppet in the hands of the Jews were Zionist Jewish States of America and the Bolshevik Soviet Union .	The dolls in the hands of the Jews were the Zionist States of America and the Bolsheviks of the Soviet Union.	1
You know if you get past all of there violent animal acts of intimidation they have a soft jaw !	You know, if you go by all the violent acts of animal harassment, they have a gentle jaw!	1
Only the best bowmen could draw the 200lb bows , they were like the Barretts of their day .	Only the best Bowman could draw a 200-pound bow, and they were like the barrett of their day.	0
As soon as i found out she was with child by a mulatto and she 's a wet back too , I suddenly found her to be repulsive and shall never watch anything she is in again .	Once I discovered that she was with a boy by a mulatto and that she is also a wet back, suddenly I found her repulsive and will never see what it is again.	1
This is from the backfile of Stormfront 's Advance Scout , which is solely devoted to promoting the organizing strategy of PLE-Legionism .	This comes from the backfile of the Advance Scout of Stormfront, which is exclusively dedicated to the promotion of the organization strategy of the PLE-Legionism.	0
Yes well the BS is on facebook , he felt disgusted by it and wanted out and left .	Yes, BS was on Facebook, and he felt disgusted about it and wanted to leave.	0
Anything along the lines of , uh , punk or alternative ?	Is it Uh, Punk, or Alternative?	0
So check your pm .	Check out your PM.	0
But I never liked working with metal as much as wood .	But I don’t like to work with metal as much as wood.	0
You sound very similar to Satan in the New Testament when he was tempting Jesus to abandon God by offering him wealth and power .	You sound very much like Satan in the New Testament when he tempted Jesus to abandon God and provide him with wealth and power.	0
Shocking This is a similiar incident to that of a Boy in England recently who was killed by Muslims for wearing an England Shirt .	It is a similar incident to a recent boy in Britain who was murdered by Muslims for wearing a British shirt.	0
John Joy Tree , I agree with a lot of what you say but I have a few objections .	John Joy Tree, I agree with a lot of things you say, but I have some objections.	0
LMAO.. this is funny .. i dunno if they 'd pay attention to ya though .. are the WWF board all jewish ? lolz	LMAO.. it's fun.. I don't know if they would notice though.. are all the Jews in the WWF board? lolz	0
It will be the same story in another fifteen years .	The same story will come out in 15 years.	0
The new census has shown some 9.2 million non whites in England and Wales , this was a properly done census in my opinion and has shown that the white population of the UK is barely 50 million	The new census shows that there are 9.2 million non-whites in England and Wales, which I think is the correct census, and suggests that the UK’s white population is roughly 50 million.	0
Yeah it could very well deter wild animals from attacking , just be careful in the heat of summer to not burn the neighborhood down etc .	Yes, it can very well prevent wild animals from attacking, be careful with the heat of the summer, so that they don’t burn their neighbors.	0
Not long ago I got a note from my diocese mentioning that being a Mason is committing a grave sin and Catholics are not allowed to join them .	Recently, I received an emergency from my diocese that mentioned that a Mason has committed a grave sin and Catholics are not allowed to go to them.	0
What a load of crap.Water are ye people for real Ireland is been taken over by non Irish and this rubbish .	You are people for the real Ireland has been taken care of by non-Irish and this garbage.	1
Protesters Clash during Military Parade in Barking	Protesters strike at a military parade in Barking	0
If you are interested and capable please send brief resume to : Steeltoe69@worldnet.att.net More details will be sent to acceptable applicants .	If you are interested and capable, please send a short resume to: Steeltoe69@worldnet.att.net for more information will be sent to the acceptable applicant.	0
Regards , Kyle	by Kyle.	0
At the moment , the dance classes in my small town have all stopped .	At that time, the dance classes in my town had all stopped.	0
There just has n't been any complainers recently but in those glory days of e.g. Pontifex et al complaints and protests were commonplace and everyday occurrences .	There have been no complaints lately, but on the Day of the Glory of Pontifex et al., for example, complaint and demonstrations were common and were routine events.	0
Does it surprise you that jews promote faggotry ?	Are you surprised that the Jews are promoting faggotery?	1
WE GOT MONEY AROUND HERE TOO Compton Crips Pt.1 - YouTube These negroes are in the middle of the street , seems like something of a zoo , playing with their cheap lowriders .	We’ve made money here at Compton Crips Pt.1 – YouTube These blacks are in the middle of the street, it looks like something like a zoo, playing with their cheap lowriders.	1
I retract - always .... Always because an animal lacks the skills to properly raise a ( half ) human child .	I - always... always because the animal has no ability to correctly raise a child.	1
Why not just kick out all those Africans ?	Why not take all of these Africans out?	1
I wonder if one of these guys is a Jew .	I wonder if any of these guys are a Jew.	0
but if a guy cant do damage one can argue the guy on the bottom is controlling with the threat of submission or reversal .	However, if a man does not cause damage, it can be argued that the bottom man is in control with the threat of subjugation or reversal.	0
Very good I like this WE all play a role as part of the White nation .	We all play a role as part of the white nation.	0
I just came in from my night job or I 'd look around a bit more .	I just came back from work at night and wanted to look around a little bit.	0
Well it was great having you out and we look forward to having you at future events and social gatherings .	Well, I'm glad to have you out and we're looking forward to seeing you on future events and social meetings.	0
The Negro is generally terrified of Whites , the second you stand up to them they usally back away , thats unless they 're carrying a gun at which point the savages are rarely reluctant to use .	Black people are generally afraid of whites, and when you get up to them the second time they don’t usually retreat, they have weapons that barbarians rarely refuse to use at that point.	1
Size rarely matters .	It is rarely important.	0
The bodies of dead goats , geese , sheep , and ducks had also been discovered " .	Dead bodies of goats, sheep, and ducks were also found.	0
I cant say I have ever saw a C in A on any products I have looked at .	I can say I’ve never seen a C in A on any product I’m looking at.	0
At the moment the situation is dire .	For now, the situation is terrible.	0
I knew something like this could happen on May 5th American Thinker Blog : Students sent home for wearing American flag on Cinco de Mayo Woooh , the comments section is burnin ' over this Five students sent home for wearing American flag T-shirts on Cinco de Mayo .	American thinker blog I knew this could happen on May 5th: Students were sent home for wearing the American flag at Cinco de Mayo Woooh, and the comment section is burning on top of this for 5 students wearing a American flag T-shirt	0
I like the fact that it was a hate crime she couldve kicked anyone out the same way .	I liked the fact that it was a hate crime and she was able to drive out anyone in the same way.	0
Its a good for crow , duck , squirell , rabbit , etecerta .	It is good for frogs, cats, deer, rabbits, etecerta.	0
no sorry once again i tried to quote the comment i made in the previous post , i dont know how to do it my fault adam 88 : [ ] !!	No apology again I tried to quote the comment that I made in the previous post, I don't know how I do it my fault adam 88 :	0
If the E actually stood for real English , rather than the homogenous multiculti * * * * that they have in their ranks I 'd be ready to support them .	If the E really represented true English, instead of the homogeneous multiculti * * * they have in their ranks, they would be willing to support them.	0
Check out this commercial that just aired on tonight 's show : http://www.myblackisbeautiful.com/ And for the record , `` My black is returned to sender ''	See this trade broadcast in the show tonight: http://www.myblackisbeautiful.com/ And for the record, 'My Black Returns to the Sender'	0
Is this group in Sweden genuine or are they thieves who steal money but never send the goods you order ?	Is this group real in Sweden, or are they the people who steal money, but never send you the order of goods?	0
The Irish brought Christianity and learning to Pagan Britain. ( posted in reply to BRs deleted post ) .	Ireland has brought Christianity and learning to Britain. ( posted in response to BRs deleted	0
Western Civilization Month is a mouth full and many of them are too stupid to get it ( or just not paying attention ) .	The moon of Western civilization is full of mouths and many of them are too stupid to get it (or simply not pay attention).	0
